 
 
B-2 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
7. 
The foregoing restrictions on Employee’s use or disclosure of Confidential Information 
will not apply to Confidential Information that Employee can demonstrate: a) has become 
generally available to the public through no wrongful act or breach of confidentiality 
obligations by the Employee; b) was in the Employee’s possession without restriction or 
was known by the Employee without restriction at the time of disclosure; or c) is required 
by a court order to be disclosed; provided, however, that the Employee has given 
Franchisee prompt notice of such demand for disclosure, has taken reasonable steps to 
enable Franchisee to seek to protect the confidentiality of the Confidential Information 
required to be disclosed and will disclose only that part of the Confidential Information 
which, in the written opinion of its legal counsel, it is required to disclose. 
8. 
Solely as between Franchisee and Employee, all Confidential Information will remain the 
property of Franchisee. By disclosing Information or executing this Agreement, Franchisee 
does not grant any license, explicitly or implicitly, under any trademark, patent, copyright, 
mask work protection right, trade secret or any other intellectual property right to 
Employee. Any Confidential Information provided by Franchisee hereunder is provided 
“AS IS” and no warranties are made by Franchisee regarding such Information. 
9. 
Execution of this Agreement and the disclosure of Information pursuant to this Agreement 
do not constitute or imply any commitment, promise, or inducement by Franchisee to make 
any purchase or sale, or to enter into any additional agreement of any kind. Moreover, 
unless otherwise specifically agreed in writing, any knowledge or information which 
Employee discloses to Franchisee, will not be deemed to be proprietary or confidential and 
will be acquired by Franchisee free from any restrictions; however, no license under any 
applicable patent(s) of Employee will be granted or implied. 
10. 
Franchisee’s failure to enforce any provision, right or remedy under this Agreement will 
not constitute a waiver of such provision, right or remedy. 
11. 
This Agreement and performance hereunder will be interpreted, enforced and governed by 
the laws of Texas without regard to conflicts of law rules. 
12. 
In case of Employee’s unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information, 
Employee acknowledges that Franchisee will be entitled to liquidated damages in the 
amount of Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000) (a pre-calculated estimate) for each instance of 
unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information. Notwithstanding the right to 
liquidated damages, Franchisee has the right to take any measures available for relief and 
to claim and receive a higher amount of compensation if Franchisee can prove that the 
actual damages sustained will exceed the amount of liquidated damages. 
13. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing monetary payment, Employee acknowledges that money 
damages alone would be an inadequate remedy for the injuries and damages that would be 
suffered and incurred by Franchisee as a result of Employee’s breach of this Agreement. 
Therefore, Employee agrees that if Employee violates or threatens to violate this 
Agreement, Franchisee, in addition to any other remedies it may have at law be entitled to 
a restraining order, injunction, or other similar remedy in order to enforce the provisions 
of this Agreement. In the event Franchisee should seek an injunction or other extraordinary 
