 
 
7 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
effect of transferring a Controlling Interest in or Control of Developer, this Agreement, or 
substantially all of the assets of the Restaurants developed pursuant to this Agreement. 
(iii) 
“Transfer Fee” means the transfer fee Developer or the transferee is required to 
pay to Franchisor, in the amount set forth in the Summary Page. 
(jjj) 
“U.S.” means the United States. 
2. 
GRANT OF DEVELOPMENT RIGHTS 
(a) 
Development Rights. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this 
Agreement, Franchisor hereby grants to Developer the right to obtain franchises to develop and 
operate Restaurants in the Development Territory. Developer has no right to develop Restaurants 
outside of the Development Territory or to sublicense or grant any rights to develop or operate 
Restaurants to be located within the Development Territory. 
(b) 
Limitation on Rights. This Agreement is not a Franchise Agreement and does not 
grant to Developer any right to use the Marks or System, which rights are only granted under a 
Franchise Agreement. Developer will not use the Marks or System in any way not expressly 
authorized by Franchisor. 
3. 
TERM 
(a) 
Term. Subject to any earlier termination, the Term will commence on the Effective 
Date and will expire on the earlier of: (1) the final Development Period Date as described in the 
Development Schedule; or (2) the date the last Restaurant required to be developed by Developer 
under the Development Schedule is open for operation to the public. 
4. 
TERRITORIAL RIGHTS 
(a) 
Territorial Rights. During the Term and subject to Developer’s full compliance 
with this Agreement (including the Development Schedule) and any Franchise Agreement or other 
agreement between Franchisor or any of its Affiliates and Developer or any of its Affiliates, 
Franchisor will not develop, nor authorize any Person other than Developer to develop, any 
Restaurant to be located within the Development Territory. 
(b) 
Reserved Rights. Franchisor retains all rights inside and outside of the 
Development Territory, except those that are expressly granted to Developer in this Agreement 
and any Franchise Agreement executed between Franchisor and Developer or any of their 
Affiliates. Franchisor and its Affiliates and any other Person authorized by Franchisor may, among 
other things: 
(1) 
Advertise and promote the Brand within and outside of the Development 
Territory; 
(2) 
Develop and operate, and grant any Person the right to develop and operate, 
Restaurants (or any of its other branded restaurants) outside the Development Territory, including 
