 
 
48 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
There is no presently effective determination of the U.S. Copyright Office (Library of Congress) 
or any court affecting our copyrights.  There is no currently effective agreement that limits our 
right to use and/or license our copyrights.  We are not obligated by the Franchise Agreement or 
Area Development Agreement, or otherwise, to protect any rights you have to use the copyrights.  
We have no actual knowledge of any infringements that could materially affect the ownership, 
use, or licensing of the copyrights.  You may not use any of our copyrighted works on the Internet 
without our written permission.  This includes display of the copyrighted works on commercial 
websites, gaming websites, advertising and promotion websites, mobile applications and social 
networking websites. 
“Confidential Information” means all proprietary and confidential information relating to the 
development and operation of Fish & Chips Restaurants, including, without limitation, all 
information, knowledge, know-how, trade secrets, trade dress, methodologies, techniques, 
procedures, applications and materials, in whatever form, used in or related to the System which 
we provide to you, or which you or your affiliates or your or their respective employees develop 
or have access to, in connection with the Franchise Agreement, Area Development Agreement or 
the development and operation of the Restaurant(s) thereunder, including, without limitation, the 
standards applicable to any ingredients, formulae, recipes, and menu items; the Manuals; product 
sourcing, manufacturing, inventory management and control, supply, distribution, products, and 
pricing; site selection, general contractors, architects, architectural, and construction plans; 
technology, point-of-sale and related computer software; advertising, marketing, and promotional 
programs including, but not limited to, gift card, loyalty, and customer reward programs; Customer 
Data; financial data and statements; training, inventory and financial controls, management 
programs; and any other information or data regarding us or our affiliates that would reasonably 
be considered the proprietary or confidential information of us or our affiliates.  “Customer Data” 
includes any information from, about, or relating to customers of the Restaurant that identifies, or 
can be used to identify, contact, locate or be traced back to the specific person to whom such 
information pertains, or from which identification or contact information of a person can be 
derived.  Customer Data includes any personally identifiable information, such as a person’s name, 
address, phone number, fax number, email address, passport number, financial profile, credit card 
information or any other information by which one is reasonably able to personally identify one 
or more persons. 
You, your affiliates, your Principals, and your employees and agents may not use, duplicate, or 
disclose any Confidential Information, during or after the term, other than as we specifically 
authorize.  Upon expiration, non-renewal, or termination of a Franchise Agreement or Area 
Development Agreement, you must immediately stop using the Confidential Information in any 
business or otherwise and must return all proprietary or confidential materials to us.  Each of your 
management-level personnel, and any of your employees or advisors who receive our Confidential 
Information, must sign a confidentiality agreement.  Our current form of confidentiality agreement 
is attached to the Franchise Agreement as Exhibit B and to the Area Development Agreement as 
Exhibit D. You will be liable for any unauthorized disclosure of our Confidential Information by 
your Principals, employees, and agents. 
If you or any of your Principals develop any new concept, process, or improvement in the operation 
or promotion of your Fish & Chips Restaurant, you must promptly notify us and give us all 
