 
 
23 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
all other goods and/or services as we require. In addition to approved suppliers, we may require 
you to buy your requirements of food, beverages, ingredients, and supplies from affiliated or third-
party distributors. Information concerning approved and designated suppliers will be 
communicated to you via the Manuals. Some suppliers may require you to enter into a separate 
agreement with them. 
You may purchase items and services for which we have not identified approved suppliers from 
any supplier, if the items and services meet our minimum standards and specifications.  These 
standards and specifications will be set forth in the Manuals, and may include brand requirements.  
If brand requirements have been identified, you may purchase and use only approved brands.  We 
may modify these standards and specifications, as well as the other standards and specifications 
discussed in this Item 8, by providing you with written notification. 
You must purchase or lease the point-of-sale systems, computer systems, software, and hardware 
that we approve for Fish & Chips Restaurants.  The point-of-sale system must be compatible with 
our data collection software.  Item 11 of this Disclosure Document provides more detailed 
information about our point-of-sale system, computer system, software and hardware 
requirements. 
In addition, we may require you to purchase and utilize any upgrades, additions, enhancements or 
replacements of the hardware or software, some of which may be developed and licensed by or on 
behalf of us or an affiliate, or otherwise required by us at such cost as we or our approved vendors 
make such upgrades, additions, enhancements, and replacements available to franchisees (See 
Items 6 and 11).  
Though we do not currently do so, we reserve the right in the future to require you to use in your 
Restaurant specific music and television offerings that we designate, including streaming services, 
designated playlists, specific television packages, premium channels, and/or other customized 
content distribution, or specified game consoles, vending machines, jukeboxes, or other 
entertainment devices or services we designate.  You must purchase, lease, license, sublicense, or 
subscribe to any required entertainment-related devices, services, or offerings that we designate 
from our then-currently approved supplier(s), which may be us or our affiliate. 
You are required to use a registered architect we approve for the planning and design of your 
Restaurant. We will provide you with a list of approved architectural firms.  You will be required 
to independently and at your own expense have the design plans and specifications adapted for the 
finish-out or renovation of your Restaurant by our approved architect. 
You may select your own general contractor for construction of your Restaurant, subject to our 
approval, as long as you submit the general contractor’s qualifications and any other information 
we request, including proof of their insurance coverage, as provided below. We reserve the right 
to withdraw approval of your general contractor at any time and require you to use one of our then-
approved general contractors if your general contractor fails to complete construction to our 
satisfaction.  You will have 48 hours after receipt of our notice of withdrawal of approval of your 
general contractor to remove the general contractor and its equipment from the construction site. 
You must send your design team and general contractor to a location that we designate for a design 
meeting with us to set expectations of the design and layout of the Restaurant. 
