 
 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
CALIFORNIA 
California Corporations Code Section 31125 requires us to give to you a Franchise Disclosure 
Document approved by the Department of Financial Protection and Innovation before we ask you 
to consider a material modification of your Franchise Agreement and/or Area Development 
Agreement. 
Registration of this franchise does not constitute approval, recommendation, or endorsement 
by the Commissioner of the Department of Financial Protection and Innovation. 
California’s Franchise Investment Law (Corporations Code sections 31512 and 31512.1) states 
that any provision of a franchise agreement or related document requiring the franchisee to waive 
specific provisions of the law is contrary to public policy and is void and unenforceable. The law 
also prohibits a franchisor from disclaiming or denying (i) representations it, its employees, or its 
agents make to you, (ii) your ability to rely on any representations it makes to you, or (iii) any 
violations of the law. 
The Franchise Agreement and Area Development Agreement contain mandatory non-binding 
mediation provisions.  Such mediations will occur in the Dallas, Texas metropolitan area. The 
parties will each bear their own costs of mediation and will share equally the cost of the mediator 
or mediation service.  The Franchise Agreement and Area Development Agreement require 
binding arbitration. The arbitration must take place in the metropolitan area in which our 
headquarters are located at the time of the dispute (currently the Dallas, Texas metropolitan area), 
with each party paying its own costs, plus one-half the arbitrator’s fees.  The prevailing party in 
arbitration may recover its fees and costs. In addition, the Franchise Agreement and Area 
Development Agreement requires litigation in the federal or state courts encompassing Dallas, 
Texas. Prospective franchisees are encouraged to consult private legal counsel to determine the 
applicability of California and federal laws (such as Business and Professions Code Section 
20040.5, Code of Civil Procedure Section 1281, and the Federal Arbitration Act) to any provisions 
of the Franchise Agreement or Area Development Agreement restricting venue to a forum outside 
the State of California. 
The Franchise Agreement and Area Development Agreement require the application of the laws 
of the State of Texas.  These provisions may not be enforceable under California law. 
Neither Franchisor nor any other person listed in Item 2 of the Franchise Disclosure Document is 
subject to any currently effective order of any national securities association or national securities 
exchange, as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 15 U.S.C.A. 78a et seq., suspending 
or expelling such persons from membership in such association or exchange. 
The Franchise Agreement and Area Development Agreement provide for termination upon 
bankruptcy.  Any such provision may not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 
U.S.C.A. Sec. 101 et seq.). 
The Franchise Agreement and Area Development Agreement contain covenant not to compete 
provisions that extend beyond the termination of the Franchise Agreement and Area Development 
Agreement.  Such provisions may not be enforceable under California law. 
