 
 
42 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
(c) 
Restaurant General Manager. Franchisee will designate and retain at all times a 
Restaurant General Manager. To protect and promote the Brand’s Standards, reputation, and 
goodwill, the Restaurant General Manager must attend and complete to Franchisor’s satisfaction 
the Approved Management Training prior to working in the Restaurant. If, during the Term, the 
Restaurant General Manager is not able or willing to continue to serve in such capacity, Franchisee 
must promptly notify Franchisor in writing and designate a replacement within thirty (30) days 
after the Restaurant General Manager ceases to serve, such replacement being subject to the same 
training requirements listed above. Franchisee must provide for interim management of the 
Restaurant until such replacement is so designated, such interim supervision to be conducted in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
(d) 
Restaurant Manager. Franchisee must designate and retain at all times a sufficient 
number of qualified Restaurant Managers. To protect and promote the Brand’s Standards, 
reputation, and goodwill, each Restaurant Manager must attend and complete to Franchisor’s 
satisfaction the Approved Management Training Program prior to working in the Restaurant. At 
least one (1) qualified Restaurant Manager who has completed Approved Management Training 
must be present at the Restaurant during all hours of operation to ensure that the Restaurant is at 
all times under the direct supervision of a qualified Restaurant Manager. 
(e) 
Employment Personnel Matters and Decisions. Franchisee will be solely 
responsible for all employment and personnel matters and decisions involving the Restaurant, 
including but not limited to the hiring, firing, discipline, supervision, direction, scheduling, and 
compensation of Franchisee’s employees, including, without limitation, the management-level 
employees identified in this Section 13. Franchisor will not, directly or indirectly, exercise or 
reserve control over employment and personnel matters and decisions involving Franchisee’s 
employees. 
14. 
RECORDS, AUDITS, AND INSPECTIONS 
(a) 
Accounting and Records. Franchisee will obtain and be solely responsible for its 
own accounting services and any required hardware or software related thereto. Franchisee will at 
all times maintain accurate and complete records as specified in the Manuals, including, without 
limitation, sales, inventory and expense information, in order to generate the reports requested by 
Franchisor. To the extent that Franchisor may provide support for accounting software used by 
Franchisee, such support will only be provided with respect to the accounting software then used 
by Franchisor in the operation of its own Restaurants. 
(b) 
Inspections and Audits. In addition to the inspections and audits permitted under 
Section 10 of this Agreement, Franchisor and its designated agents or representatives will have the 
right at any time, provided Franchisor will use reasonable efforts to avoid any disruption of or 
interference with the operation of the Restaurant during normal business hours, to inspect, 
examine, audit, and copy any books and records relating to Franchisee’s operation of the 
Restaurant. Franchisee will fully cooperate with Franchisor in connection with any such activities; 
present to its customers such evaluation forms that Franchisor periodically prescribes; and 
participate and/or request its customers to participate in any surveys performed by Franchisor or 
on its behalf. Franchisor will notify Franchisee in writing of any unsatisfactory conditions 
discovered, and Franchisee will correct any such deficiencies and repair any conditions 
