 
 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
MARYLAND 
The Franchise Disclosure Document, Franchise Agreement, and Area Development Agreement 
are amended as follows: 
Franchise Disclosure Document 
Item 17 of the Franchise Disclosure Document provides for termination upon bankruptcy. This 
provision may not be enforceable under Federal Bankruptcy Law (11 U.S.C.A Sec. 101 et seq.). 
Item 17 of the Franchise Disclosure Document is amended to state “The general release required 
as a condition of renewal, sale, and/or assignment/transfer shall not apply to any liability under the 
Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.” 
Item 17 of the Franchise Disclosure Document is amended to state “Any claim arising under the 
Maryland Franchise and Disclosure Law must be brought within 3 years after the grant of the 
franchise.” 
Item 17v of the Franchise Disclosure Document is amended to state “A Franchisee may bring a 
lawsuit in Maryland for claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure 
Law.” 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims 
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf 
of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in 
connection with Franchise. 
Franchise Agreement 
Section 31 (Acknowledgments) of the Franchise Agreement is deleted. 
A Franchisee may bring a lawsuit in Maryland for claims arising under the Maryland Franchise 
Registration and Disclosure Law. 
Any claim arising under the Maryland Franchise and Disclosure Law must be brought within three 
(3) years after the grant of the franchise. 
The general release required as a condition of renewal, sale, and/or assignment/transfer shall not 
apply to any liability under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. 
Any provision contained in the Franchise Agreement that requires the Franchisee to assent to a 
release, estoppel or waiver of liability is not intended to nor shall it act as a release estoppel or 
waiver of any liability incurred under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims 
