 
 
50 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
If you sign an Area Development Agreement, you must employ management-level personnel, 
including a Designated Principal, Brand Operations Leader, and Brand Marketing Leader, who 
must be dedicated solely to the development of your Restaurants in the Development Territory. 
Your “Designated Principal” is the individual Principal designated by you who is primarily 
responsible for communicating with us and overseeing your personnel and your obligations under 
the Area Development Agreement. The Designated Principal must have at least five percent (5%) 
direct or indirect equity or beneficial ownership interest in you. The Designated Principal under 
your Area Development Agreement may be the same individual as the Designated Principal under 
a Franchise Agreement. Your “Brand Marketing Leader” is the individual you designate to oversee 
and supervise the marketing and promotion of your Restaurants. Your “Brand Operations Leader” 
is the individual you designate to oversee and supervise the operations of your Restaurants. In 
addition, your Designated Principal, Brand Operations Leader, and Brand Marketing Leader must 
successfully complete the Approved Management Training Program, as well as any required 
additional or continuing training, to our satisfaction and at your expense. 
You and your Principals with an ownership interest must comply with all restrictive covenants, 
including regarding non-competition, and you and all Principals must maintain the secrecy and 
confidentiality of our Confidential Information.  Each of your management-level personnel, and 
any of your employees or advisors who receive our Confidential Information, must sign a 
confidentiality agreement.  Our current form of confidentiality agreement is attached to the 
Franchise Agreement as Exhibit B and to the Area Development Agreement as Exhibit D. 
By signing the Guaranty and Assumption of Obligations, your Principals will personally and 
unconditionally guarantee your obligations under the Franchise Agreement and Area Development 
Agreement and your Principals will be personally bound by, and personally liable for the breach 
of, each and every obligation of a Principal under the Franchise Agreement and Area Development 
Agreement.  We do not require that the spouses of your Principals (if any) sign the Guaranty and 
Assumption of Obligations. 
ITEM 16 
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL 
All products you use or sell at the Restaurant must conform to our standards and specifications. 
These are described in our Manuals and other writings. You must not deviate from our standards 
and specifications unless we first give you our written consent. You must also comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations and secure all appropriate governmental approvals for the 
Restaurant. 
You must offer and sell only the menu items, products, and services that we have expressly 
approved in writing. You must stop selling any menu items, products, or services that we 
disapprove in writing. There is no limit on our right to add or remove items from our standard 
menu, and you must promptly comply with any changes that we make to the menu. You must 
prepare all menu items using the procedures for preparation contained in our Manuals or other 
written instructions. You must not use or offer nonconforming items unless we first give you our 
written consent. You must open and operate the Restaurant during the hours we specify in the 
Manuals or otherwise in writing. 
