 
 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
MINNESOTA 
Despite anything to the contrary in the Franchise Agreement and Area Development Agreement, 
the following provisions will supersede and apply to all Franchises offered and sold in the State of 
Minnesota: 
1. 
Any provision in the Franchise Agreement or Area Development Agreement that 
would require you to assent to a release, assignment, novation or waiver that would 
relieve any person from liability imposed by Minnesota Statutes, Sections 80C.01 
to 80C.22 will be void to the extent that such contractual provision violates such 
law. 
2. 
Minnesota Statute Section 80C.21 and Minnesota Rule 2860.4400J prohibit the 
franchisor from requiring litigation to be conducted outside of Minnesota.  In 
addition, nothing in the Franchise Disclosure Document, Franchise Agreement, or 
Area Development Agreement can abrogate or reduce any of your rights as 
provided for in Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C, or your rights to any procedure, 
forum, or remedies provided for by the laws of Minnesota. 
3. 
Minn. Rule Part 2860.4400J prohibits a franchisee from waiving his rights to a jury 
trial or waiving his rights to any procedure, forum, or remedies provided for by the 
laws of the jurisdiction, or consenting to liquidated damages, termination penalties 
or judgment notes. Any provision in the Franchise Agreement or Area 
Development Agreement that would require you to waive your rights to any 
procedure, forum or remedies provided for by the laws of the State of Minnesota is 
deleted from any agreement relating to Franchises offered and sold in the State of 
Minnesota; provided, however, that this paragraph will not affect the obligation in 
the Franchise Agreement or Area Development Agreement relating to arbitration. 
4. 
With respect to Franchises governed by Minnesota law, we will comply with 
Minnesota Statute Section 80C.14, Subds. 3, 4 and 5, which require, except in 
certain specified cases, that you be given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 
days to cure) and 180 days’ notice for non-renewal of the Franchise Agreement or 
Area Development Agreement; and that consent to the transfer of the Franchise will 
not be unreasonably withheld. 
5. 
The State of Minnesota considers it unfair to not protect the franchisee’s right to 
use the trademark.  Pursuant to Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.12, Subd. 1(g), to the extent 
required by law, Item 13 of the Franchise Disclosure Document is amended to state 
that the Franchisor will protect the franchisee’s right to use the primary trademark, 
service mark, trade name, logotype or other commercial symbol or indemnify 
franchisees from any loss, costs, or expenses arising out of any claim, suit or 
demand regarding the use of the franchisor’s primary trade name. 
6. 
Minnesota Rule 2860.4400(D) prohibits a franchisor from requiring a franchisee to 
assent to a general release of liability imposed by Minn. Stat. Chapter 80C; 
provided, this shall not bar the voluntary settlement of disputes.  The Disclosure 
