 
 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
NORTH DAKOTA 
Sections of the Franchise Disclosure Document, Franchise Agreement, and Area Development 
Agreement requiring that you sign a general release, estoppel, or waiver as a condition of renewal 
and/or assignment may not be enforceable as they relate to releases of the North Dakota Franchise 
Investment Law. 
Sections of the Franchise Disclosure Document, Franchise Agreement, and Area Development 
Agreement requiring resolution of disputes to be outside North Dakota may not be enforceable 
under Section 51-19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, and are amended 
accordingly to the extent required by law. 
Sections of the Franchise Disclosure Document, Franchise Agreement, and Area Development 
Agreement relating to choice of law may not be enforceable under Section 51-19-09 of the North 
Dakota Franchise Investment Law, and are amended accordingly to the extent required by law. 
Any sections of the Franchise Disclosure Document, Franchise Agreement, and Area Development 
Agreement, requiring you to consent to liquidated damages and/or termination penalties may not 
be enforceable under Section 51-19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, and are 
amended accordingly to the extent required by law. 
Any sections of the Franchise Disclosure Document, Franchise Agreement, and Area Development 
Agreement requiring you to consent to a waiver of trial by jury may not be enforceable under 
Section 51-19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, and are amended accordingly to 
the extent required by law. 
Any sections of the Franchise Disclosure Document, Franchise Agreement, and Area Development 
Agreement requiring you to consent to a waiver of exemplary and punitive damages may not be 
enforceable under Section 51-19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, and are 
amended accordingly to the extent required by law. 
Items 17(q) and 17(r) of the Franchise Disclosure Document, Section 19(a) of the Franchise 
Agreement, and Section 13(b) of the Area Development Agreement disclose the existence of 
certain covenants restricting competition to which Franchisee must agree.  The Commissioner has 
held that covenants restricting competition contrary to Section 9-08-06 of the North Dakota 
Century Code, without further disclosing that such covenants may be subject to this statue, are 
unfair, unjust, or inequitable within the intent of Section 51-19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise 
Investment Law.  The Franchise Disclosure Document, Franchise Agreement, and Area 
Development Agreement are amended accordingly to the extent required by law. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims 
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf 
of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in 
connection with the franchise. 
