 
 
21 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
(f) 
Employees. Developer will cause each of its management employees, before and 
as a condition of employment, to sign a Confidentiality Agreement in the form of Exhibit D. 
Developer will be liable for any unauthorized disclosure of any Confidential Information by 
Developer’s Principals, employees and agents. 
(g) 
Severability and Enforceability of Covenants. Each of the covenants contained 
in this Section 13 will be considered separate and independent from each other. If any covenant in 
this Agreement which restricts competitive activity is deemed unenforceable for any reason, but 
would be enforceable by reducing any part of it, such covenant will be enforced to the fullest extent 
permissible under Applicable Law. 
14. 
INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS 
(a) 
Independent Contractors. It is understood and agreed by the Parties that this 
Agreement does not create a fiduciary relationship between them; that Franchisor and Developer 
are and will be independent contractors and that nothing in this Agreement is intended to make 
either Party a general or special agent, joint venturer, partner or employee of the other for any 
purpose. Developer will conspicuously identify itself in all dealings as the independently-owned 
developer or operator of any Restaurants, and will place such notices of independent ownership 
on such forms, business cards, stationery and advertising and other materials as Franchisor may 
periodically require. 
(b) 
No Liability for Acts of Other Party. Developer must not employ any of Marks 
in signing any contract or applying for any license or permit, or in a manner that may result in 
Franchisor’s liability for any of Developer’s indebtedness or obligations. Except as expressly 
authorized in writing, neither Franchisor nor Developer will make any express or implied 
agreements, warranties, guarantees or representations or incur any debt in the name or on behalf 
of the other or be obligated by or have any liability under any agreements or representations made 
by the other. Franchisor will not be obligated for any damages to any Person directly or indirectly 
arising out of any development and operation of the Restaurants. 
15. 
CRISIS MANAGEMENT EVENT 
Developer must notify Franchisor immediately of the occurrence of any Crisis 
Management Event by the method periodically specified in the Manuals or otherwise in writing, 
and fully comply and cooperate with Franchisor’s instructions in response to the Crisis 
Management Event. Failure to notify Franchisor immediately of a Crisis Management Event 
constitutes an Event of Default. 
16. 
INSURANCE 
Insurance Coverage. Developer must obtain and maintain in effect the minimum types 
and amounts of insurance coverage required by Franchisor as set forth in the Manuals (which 
minimum insurance requirements Franchisor, at its sole option, may change from time to time), 
including, without limitation, the following types of coverages: comprehensive and general 
liability insurance; crime insurance, including employee dishonesty and loss of money and 
securities (both inside and outside the premises); business interruption insurance; cyber liability; 
