 
 
44 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
Financial Strength Rating of A- (Excellent) or better and Financial Size Category of X or higher.  
If Franchisee seeks approval from Franchisor of an alternative insurance agent, broker, or provider 
not previously approved by Franchisor, Franchisee must provide Notice to Franchisor specifying 
the alternative’s name and qualifications, and must pay a review fee to Franchisor in the amount 
of Three Hundred Fifty Dollars ($350). If Franchisor determines Franchisee procured insufficient 
insurance coverage, Franchisee must pay a review fee to Franchisee in the amount of One Hundred 
Fifty Dollars ($150) for Franchisor to review any subsequent changes to Franchisee’s insurance 
coverage. All insurance policies must contain such types and minimum amounts of coverage, 
exclusions and maximum deductibles as Franchisor prescribes from time to time; name Franchisor 
and Franchisor’s Affiliates as additional insureds (and provide that any settlement of any claim or 
action involving Franchisor or Franchisor’s Affiliate requires the express consent of Franchisor or 
Franchisor’s Affiliate, as applicable); contain a standard separation of insureds provision; include 
a waiver of subrogation provision or endorsement in favor of Franchisor and Franchisor’s 
Affiliates; provide that coverage for Franchisor and Franchisor’s Affiliates will be primary to and 
not contributory to any policies carried by Franchisor or Franchisor’s Affiliates; provide for thirty 
(30) days prior written Notice to Franchisor of any modification, cancellation, or expiration of 
such policy; and include such other provisions as Franchisor may require from time to time. 
At Franchisor’s request, Franchisee must furnish Franchisor with such evidence of 
insurance coverage, including all schedules and endorsements thereto that evidence coverage of 
Franchisor and Franchisor’s Affiliates. If Franchisee fails or refuses to maintain any required 
insurance coverage, or to furnish satisfactory evidence thereof, Franchisor, at Franchisor’s sole 
option, and in addition to Franchisor’s other rights and remedies hereunder, may obtain such 
insurance coverage on Franchisee’s behalf. If Franchisor does so, Franchisee must fully cooperate 
with Franchisor in Franchisor’s effort to obtain such insurance policies and pay Franchisor any 
costs and premiums that Franchisor incurs. 
Franchisee’s obligation to maintain insurance coverage is not diminished in any manner by 
reason of any separate insurance Franchisor may choose to maintain, nor does it relieve Franchisee 
of Franchisee’s obligations under this Section 15. Franchisee’s obligation to obtain and maintain 
insurance coverage under this Section 15 is separate and distinct from, and does not substitute for, 
Franchisee’s indemnification obligations under this Agreement. 
16. 
PROTECTION OF MARKS AND RELATED PROPRIETARY RIGHTS 
(a) 
Goodwill in Marks. Franchisee’s right to use Marks is derived solely from this 
Agreement and limited to its operation of the Restaurant pursuant to and in compliance with this 
Agreement and the Standards. Franchisee’s use of Marks and any goodwill established by such 
use will be exclusively for Franchisor’s benefit and this Agreement does not confer any goodwill 
or other interests in Marks upon Franchisee other than the limited right to operate the Restaurant 
in compliance with this Agreement. 
(b) 
Limitations on Franchisee’s Use of Marks. Franchisee will use Marks as the sole 
identification of the Restaurant, except that Franchisee must identify itself as the independent 
operator thereof in the manner Franchisor prescribes. Franchisee may not use any Mark as part of 
any Entity name or with any prefix, suffix, or other modifying words, terms, designs, or symbols 
(other than logos licensed to Franchisee hereunder), or in any modified form, nor may Franchisee 
