 
 
15 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
Revenue figures by Wednesday at midnight (Central Time) of each week for the preceding week. 
Franchisee must submit to Franchisor all reports with respect to the preceding Reporting Period 
by the dates and in the form and content as Franchisor periodically prescribes. The reports 
Franchisor may require include, without limitation, the following information for the preceding 
Reporting Period: 
(1) 
Amount of Restaurant Revenue and gross receipts of the Restaurant, 
amount of sales tax, and the computation of the Royalty Fee and Brand Fund Contribution; 
(2) 
Quantities of Products purchased and the sources from which each Product 
was obtained; 
(3) 
Copies of Franchisee’s most recent sales tax return, monthly cash register 
sales summaries or details, and monthly balance sheets and statements of profits and losses, 
including a summary of Franchisee’s costs for utilities, labor, rent, and other cost items; and 
(4) 
If requested by Franchisor to verify Franchisee’s Restaurant Revenue, all 
such books and records as Franchisor may require. 
(h) 
Interest on Late Payments. Any payment not actually received by Franchisor on 
or before the date due will be deemed overdue. Time is of the essence with respect to all payments 
to be made by Franchisee to Franchisor. Any and all amounts that Franchisee owes to Franchisor 
or any of its Affiliates will bear Interest as defined in this Agreement. Any failure to pay when due 
all or any fees or other amounts due to Franchisor or any of its Affiliates will constitute an Event 
of Default. 
(i) 
Electronic Transfer of Funds. Upon execution of this Agreement and at any time 
thereafter as Franchisor may require, Franchisee must sign the electronic transfer of funds 
authorization attached to this Agreement as Exhibit C, and all other documents and instruments 
necessary to permit Franchisor to withdraw by electronic funds transfer from Franchisee’s 
designated bank account the Royalty Fee, Brand Fund Contribution, and any other amounts owed 
to Franchisor or its Affiliates on the date or dates that such amounts are due. Franchisee must 
maintain a balance in such account sufficient to allow Franchisor and its Affiliates to collect the 
amounts owed when due. Franchisee is responsible for any penalties, fines, or other similar 
expenses associated with the transfer of funds described herein. 
(j) 
Partial Payments. No payment by Franchisee or acceptance by Franchisor of any 
monies due under this Agreement for a lesser amount than due shall be treated as anything other 
than a partial payment on account.  Franchisee’s payment of a lesser amount than due with an 
endorsement, statement or accompanying letter to the effect that payment of the lesser amount 
constitutes full payment shall be given no effect, and Franchisor may accept the partial payment 
without prejudice to any rights or remedies Franchisor may have against Franchisee.  Acceptance 
of payments by Franchisor other than as set forth in this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver 
of Franchisor’s right to demand payment in accordance with the requirements of this Agreement 
or a waiver by Franchisor of any other remedies or rights available to Franchisor pursuant to this 
Agreement or under Applicable Law. Notwithstanding any designation by Franchisee, Franchisor 
shall have sole discretion to apply any payments by Franchisee to any of Franchisee’s past due 
