 
 
18 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
ninety (90) days to prepare for closing, subject to extensions, at the sole option of Franchisor or its 
designee, to obtain any required permits or authorizations from third parties. Franchisor or its 
designee will be entitled to receive from Developer or any Principal, as applicable, all customary 
representations and warranties given by Developer as the seller of the assets or the Principal as the 
seller of any Equity Interest or, at its election, the representations and warranties contained in the 
offer. Developer must provide Franchisor or Franchisor’s designee with good, valid, marketable 
and indefeasible title to all tangible and intangible property transferred, free and clear of any 
mortgage, claim, lien or other encumbrance, and local law will be followed as to formalities of any 
transfer documentation, closing costs and closing logistics. If Franchisor does not exercise its right 
of first refusal, Developer or the Principal as applicable, may complete the Transfer to the 
purchaser pursuant to and on the terms of the offer, subject to the requirements of Section 12 
(including Franchisor’s approval of the transferee). However, if the sale to the purchaser is not 
completed within one hundred eighty (180) days after delivery of the offer to Franchisor or if there 
is a change in the terms of the sale, Franchisor (or Franchisor’s designee) will again have the right 
of first refusal specified in this Section 12(e). The foregoing right of first refusal specified in this 
Section 12(e) will not apply to any Transfer permitted under Section 12(h) of this Agreement. 
(f) 
Effect of Consent to Transfer. Any Transfer without Franchisor’s consent 
constitutes an Event of Default and is void and of no effect. Franchisor’s consent to a Transfer 
does not constitute a representation as to the fairness of the terms of any contract between 
Developer and the transferee, a guarantee of the prospects of success of the transferee, or a waiver 
of any claims Franchisor may have against Developer (or its Principals) or of its right to demand 
exact compliance with any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement or any Franchise 
Agreement by the transferee. 
(g) 
Securities. Developer will not be permitted to engage in the public issuance of 
stock, notes, bonds, or other securities during the Term. Developer will be permitted to engage in 
the private issuance of stock, notes, bonds and other securities during the Term, provided that such 
issuance of securities are in compliance with all Applicable Law in effect at the time of such 
issuance; prior to offering for sale such stock, notes, bonds or other securities, Developer secures 
Franchisor’s written approval, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld; and Developer 
pays the Offering Fee to Franchisor. Developer further must secure Franchisor’s consent to any 
and all offering documents, press releases, news releases and any and all other publicity, the 
primary purpose of which is to confirm the description of the relationship between Franchisor and 
Franchisee is true, accurate and complete in Developer’s offering. Only after Franchisor has 
provided its written approval may Developer proceed to file, publish, issue and release and make 
public any such data, material and information regarding the securities offering. Developer will 
not imply that Franchisor is participating in the underwriting, issuance or offering of such 
securities. Developer acknowledges and agrees that any review by Franchisor is solely for its own 
information and its approval does not constitute any kind of authorization, acceptance, agreement, 
endorsement, approval or ratification of the same, either expressly or implied. Developer may 
make no oral or written notice of any kind whatsoever indicating or implying that Franchisor 
and/or its Affiliates have any interest in or any relationship whatsoever to the proposed securities 
offering other than acting as Franchisor. Developer and its Principals will indemnify, defend and 
hold the Indemnified Parties harmless from all Losses and Expenses arising from Developer’s 
offering of information published or communicated in actions taken in that regard. 
