 
 
25 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
more Franchise Agreements or with respect to which a Franchise Agreement has been signed, if 
the Restaurants are not purchased by Franchisor under Section 19(f) of this Agreement. 
(c) 
All of the Developer’s rights related to any materials will cease, including the rights 
to use or license the use of Manuals. Developer will no longer use any materials and will do all 
things necessary or appropriate to cause such ceasing of rights. Developer hereby irrevocably 
appoints Franchisor as its agent to execute any documents, and to do such things, as may be 
necessary or appropriate under this Section 19(c). 
(d) 
Except as permitted under any Franchise Agreement, Developer and its Principals 
will comply with the restrictive covenants and other obligations contained in Section 13. 
Developer’s (and its Affiliates’ and Principals’) obligations that expressly or by their nature 
survive termination or expiration of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect after and 
notwithstanding expiration or termination of this Agreement and until they are satisfied in full or 
by their nature expire. 
(e) 
Franchisor will have no obligation to grant Developer additional franchises for 
Restaurants and will thereafter have the exclusive right to establish or operate, or to grant to others 
the right to establish and operate, Restaurants to be located within the Development Territory. 
(f) 
Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason, Franchisor or its 
designee will have the option, exercisable by giving written Notice thereof to Developer within 
sixty (60) days from the date of such expiration or termination, to purchase the Restaurants that 
are open and operating or under construction pursuant to this Agreement and any Franchise 
Agreement executed pursuant hereto, free and clear of all liens, restrictions or encumbrances 
(except with respect to any liens, restrictions or encumbrances running with the real estate that 
were approved by Franchisor in writing prior to Developer’s or its Affiliates’ purchase of the real 
estate). Franchisor or its designee will also have the option to purchase (or, as applicable, require 
Developer or its Affiliate to assign to Franchisor any applicable leases for) all of such Restaurants’ 
Operating Assets (as defined in the applicable Franchise Agreements). In addition to the foregoing 
options, Franchisor has the right and option to require Developer, its Affiliate, or their respective 
Principals to lease, assign the lease(s), or sell the premises for each of the locations of such 
Restaurants to Franchisor or its designee, and, to the extent necessary, Developer will exercise 
reasonable efforts to secure the assignment of the lease(s) to Franchisor or its designee. The 
purchase price or lease terms for such Restaurants, Operating Assets, and/or premises will be 
determined in accordance with Section 22 (Franchisor’s Option to Purchase Restaurant) of the 
applicable Franchise Agreement. If Franchisor or its designee elects to exercise any of the 
foregoing options, Franchisor or its designee will not assume any liabilities, unless otherwise 
agreed in writing by the Parties. If Franchisor or its designee elects to exercise any of the foregoing 
options, Franchisor will exercise such options with respect to all Restaurants that are open and 
operating in full compliance with the applicable Franchise Agreements. If Franchisor does not 
exercise any of its options with respect to such Restaurants then in operation, then Developer (or 
its Affiliate as Franchisee) may continue operating the Restaurants subject to the terms of the 
applicable Franchise Agreements. Franchisor has the unrestricted right to assign its options under 
this Section 19(f). Nothing contained in this Section 19(f) will constitute a waiver of Franchisor’s 
