 
 
49 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
information we require about the new process or improvement, without compensation. You and 
each of your Principals agree that any of these concepts, processes, or improvements will become 
our property, and we may use or disclose them to other franchisees as we determine appropriate. 
Where proprietary interests in any of these concepts, processes, or improvements do not 
automatically vest in us, you will assign, transfer and convey to us all of your right, title and interest 
in such proprietary interests. To the extent that such proprietary interests may not be assigned 
under applicable law, you will grant to us an exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-
free, paid up and unconditional license, or if such grant would be invalid or not fully enforceable 
under applicable law, such other right and license as we reasonably request. 
ITEM 15 
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE 
IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE BUSINESS 
During the term of the Franchise Agreement, your Designated Principal, Operations Leader, 
Restaurant General Manager, and Restaurant Managers must devote full-time and best efforts to 
the management of the Restaurant.  Your “Designated Principal” is the individual Principal 
designated by you who is primarily responsible for communicating with us and overseeing your 
personnel and your obligations under the Franchise Agreement. The Designated Principal must 
have at least 5% direct or indirect equity or beneficial ownership interest in you. An individual 
may serve as Designated Principal under the Franchise Agreement(s) for more than one 
Restaurant. The “Operations Leaders” is the individual you designate with authority and 
responsibility for the day-to-day supervision of the Restaurant General Manager and management 
of the operations of the Restaurant.  The “Restaurant General Manager” is the individual you 
designate with authority and responsibility for the day-to-day supervision of Restaurant Managers 
and management of the operations of the Restaurant, under the supervision of the Operations 
Leader.  The “Restaurant Managers” are the individuals you designate with authority and 
responsibility for the day-to-day management and operation of the Restaurant and supervision of 
the Restaurant’s personnel under the supervision of the Restaurant General Manager.  At least one 
Restaurant Manager must provide direct on-premises supervision to the Restaurant during all hours 
of operation. 
Your Designated Principal, Operations Leader, Restaurant General Manager, and at least three 
Restaurant Managers (and any successors or replacements) must complete the Approved 
Management Training Program, as well as any required additional or continuing training, to our 
satisfaction and at your expense. We do not require that the Operations Leader, Restaurant General 
Manager, or Restaurant Managers have any equity interest in the franchisee entity. The use of an 
Operations Leader, Restaurant General Manager, and Restaurant Managers in no way relieves you 
of your obligations to comply with the Franchise Agreement and to ensure that the Restaurant is 
operated in accordance with our standards. The Operations Leader, Restaurant General Manager, 
and Restaurant Managers must attend the annual meeting, convention, or conference of franchisees 
and all meetings relating to new products or product preparation procedures, new operational 
procedures or programs, training, restaurant management, sales or sales promotion, or similar 
topics, at your own expense. In addition, we reserve the right to require that you and/or your 
Operations Leader, Restaurant General Manager and Restaurant Managers attend any additional 
meetings and training that we deem appropriate under special circumstances. 
