 
 
10 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
(b) 
Franchise Agreements. Developer itself, or an Affiliate that Developer Controls and 
that is approved by Franchisor, will execute Franchisor’s then-current form of Franchise 
Agreement for each Restaurant within thirty (30) days after Developer or such Affiliate has been 
notified of Franchisor’s acceptance of the site for a Restaurant pursuant to a Site Consent Letter 
and Franchisor has received Developer’s written commitment to deliver to Franchisor a lease for 
or a contract to purchase such site pursuant to the Site Report. 
If Developer desires to have an Affiliate that it Controls execute a Franchise Agreement, 
then such Affiliate and each of its Principals will be subject to the approval of Franchisor, which 
Franchisor may grant or deny at Franchisor’s sole option.  Developer will, or will cause its Affiliate 
to, provide Franchisor, at Franchisor’s request, with copies of Affiliate’s entity formation 
documents, certificate of good standard, evidence of the authority of the Affiliate and party singing 
on behalf of the Affiliate to sign the Franchise Agreement, list of Affiliate’s Principals (and 
percentage ownership of each Principal), officers, and directors, and such financial information 
regarding any of the foregoing at any time upon Franchisor’s request.  At all times, Developer 
must Control any such Affiliate.  Developer acknowledges and agrees that, if Developer’s Affiliate 
executes a Franchise Agreement hereunder, Developer will remain liable and responsible for the 
Affiliate’s performance under the Franchise Agreement and Developer continue to be directly 
liable for the performance of the Affiliate under such Franchise Agreement as if Developer had 
executed such Franchise Agreement. 
If any Entity in which Developer directly or indirectly has an Equity Interest is a Party to 
a Franchise Agreement and such Entity is part of a change in Control or other business event 
whereby Developer does not subsequently have any Equity Interest in a surviving Entity or 
Developer no longer has full Control to supervise the applicable Brand Operations Leader, Brand 
Marketing Leader, and such other Restaurant personnel as required under the Franchise 
Agreement, and oversee the performance of the day-to-day operations of Restaurants, then any 
franchise for the operation of a Restaurant by such surviving Entity will terminate automatically 
and Developer and its Affiliates will cause any such Entity to comply with the post-termination 
obligations for the applicable Restaurant as described in the Franchise Agreement. 
(c) 
Lease or Financing Terms. 
(1) 
For each Lease and financing document for a Restaurant, Developer will 
provide to Franchisor (A) a copy of the Lease or financing document promptly after its execution; 
and (B) a copy of any notice of default under the Lease or financing document promptly after its 
receipt. Any breach of the Lease or financing document for a site, if not cured within the applicable 
time period, will constitute good cause for termination of the applicable Franchise Agreement. 
(2) 
For each Lease and financing document for a Restaurant, Developer will 
include in the Lease or financing document the specific required terms and conditions set forth in 
Section 6(c) (Lease) and/or Section 6(d) (Financing) of the applicable Franchise Agreement for 
such Restaurant. 
(d) 
Notice of Consent. Franchisor may withhold its consent to any proposed site for 
any Restaurant if Franchisor determines, at its sole option, that the site fails to meet Franchisor’s 
then-current site selection criteria. If Franchisor consents to the site proposed by Developer, 
