 
 
20 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
(2) 
Landlord consents to Franchisee’s use and display of the System and Marks 
as Franchisor has prescribed, and may in the future prescribe, for the Restaurant. 
(3) 
Landlord will not to unreasonably withhold, delay or condition consent or 
approval of any future changes to the Restaurant required by Franchisor to conform to changes in 
the System and the Marks. 
(4) 
Landlord will send Franchisor conformed, legible copies of any and all 
letters and notices sent to Franchisee pertaining to the Lease and the Selected Site at the same time 
that such letters and notices are sent to Franchisee. 
(5) 
In the event of Franchisee’s default under the Lease, Franchisor may, but 
has no obligation, to cure the default. Any default under the lease will also constitute a default 
under this Agreement and any default under this Agreement will constitute a default under the 
lease. 
(6) 
Franchisor will have the right, and landlord consents to allow Franchisor, 
its personnel and/or agents to enter the Restaurant to make any reasonable modification or 
alteration necessary to protect the Restaurant, Gordon Ramsay, the System and the Marks 
(including, without limitation, to de-identify the Restaurant following the expiration or termination 
of this Agreement) or to cure any default under this Agreement, or under the Lease, without civil 
or criminal liability for such entry and action. 
(7) 
Franchisor has the option, but not the obligation, to acquire the Operating 
Assets from Franchisee upon exercise of Franchisor’s option to purchase as set forth in this 
Agreement, or if this Agreement expires or terminates, or upon termination of the Lease by 
landlord. If Franchisor exercises its option, then landlord will permit Franchisee to assign the Lease 
to Franchisor or its designee, and will agree not to impose or assess any assignment fee or similar 
charge, increase or accelerate rent, cease any rent abatement, reduction or rebate granted to 
Franchisee, or demand repayment of improvement costs if and when such assignment occurs, or 
require the assignee to pay any rent or other financial obligation of Franchisee to landlord arising 
prior to the assignment. Further such assignee will be expressly authorized, without the consent of 
the landlord, to sublet the Selected Site to an authorized franchisee of Franchisor, subject to the 
terms of the Lease, provided that such franchisee expressly assumes in writing all obligations of 
the Lease. 
(8) 
Franchisee will not assign or sublet the Lease or renew or extend the Lease’s 
term without the prior written consent of Franchisor. 
(9) 
Landlord and Franchisee will not amend or otherwise modify the Lease in 
any manner that could affect any of the above requirements. 
(10) 
Landlord acknowledges that any landlord’s lien or security interest arising 
under or from the Lease will not apply to any operations manuals, software, or other tangible or 
intangible personal property of Franchisee furnished by Franchisor or any supplier to Franchisee 
under a use restriction, obligation of confidentiality or under license, and to any signage, printed 
materials, merchandise or other tangible media, goods, inventory and supplies bearing the Marks. 
