 
 
37 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
not limited to requirements pertaining to designating Franchisor as the sole or co-administrator of 
the Online Ordering Site. 
(D) 
If Franchisor requires, Franchisee will establish such links to 
Franchisor’s online ordering system and others as requested in writing. 
(E) 
If Franchisor requests, Franchisee will make weekly or other 
periodic updates to Franchisor’s online ordering system to reflect information about the food and 
beverage items offered at the Restaurant. 
(F) 
Franchisor may require Franchisee to make Franchisor the sole 
administrator or co-administrator of any social networking pages that Franchisee maintains or are 
maintained on Franchisee’s behalf and Franchisor will have the right, but not the obligation, to 
exercise all rights and privileges that an administrator may exercise. 
(G) 
As between Franchisor and Franchisee, all Customer Data obtained 
by, through, or from an Online Ordering Site owned or maintained by Franchisee or Franchisee’s 
Affiliate (or for the benefit of Franchisee) is the sole property of Franchisor unless otherwise 
approved in writing by Franchisor. 
(H) 
Any Aggregator must be approved by Franchisor as an approved 
supplier in accordance with Section 6(j). 
(I) 
Any contract between Franchisee and any Aggregator must comply 
with Franchisor’s Standards for an Online Ordering Site, including the foregoing provisions. 
(J) 
Any delivery or catering services may, at Franchisor’s sole option, 
be restricted to customers located in the Designated Area. For the avoidance of doubt, Franchisor, 
at Franchisor’s sole option, may authorize Franchisee to perform delivery or catering services to 
customers located outside the Designated Area and may authorize Restaurants located outside the 
Designated Area, including Restaurants operated by Franchisor, Franchisor’s Affiliates, or other 
franchisees, to perform delivery or catering services to customers located within the Designated 
Area. 
(k) 
Restaurant Inspections and Consultations. From time to time, Franchisor will 
designate an Operating Consultant who may: (i) review the day-to-day operations of the Restaurant 
for compliance with the Brand’s Standards; (ii) serve as communication liaison between 
Franchisor and Franchisee; (iii) conduct Brand Audits of the Restaurant; and/or (iv) provide 
recommendations consistent with the Standards for improving the business operations. Franchisee 
must provide the Operating Consultant with Franchisee’s full cooperation, including full access to 
the Restaurant, Franchisee’s books and records, Operating Assets, Products, employees, and 
agents. Franchisee must promptly provide the Operating Consultant with all requested information 
relating to the operation of the Restaurant, including reasonable access to the Restaurant to conduct 
inspections and audits. 
(l) 
Quality Assurance Program. To ensure compliance with this Agreement and the 
Manuals, the Operating Consultant (or any other representative Franchisor designates) will have 
