 
 
6 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
(uu) 
“Opening Deadline” means the date by which the Restaurant must be open for 
business to the public as set forth in the Summary Page. If this Agreement is executed pursuant to 
an area development agreement, unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Parties, the Opening 
Deadline will be the Development Period Date for the relevant Development Period for which this 
Agreement is executed under such area development agreement (as the terms “Development 
Period” and “Development Period Date” are defined in such area development agreement). 
(vv) 
“Operating Assets” means all improvements, equipment, furniture, fixtures 
(including trade fixtures), furnishings, signs, supplies, equipment (including computer hardware, 
software and related documentation), decor items, catering or delivery vehicles, materials, small 
wares, paper goods, and other assets related to the operation of a Restaurant at the Selected Site, 
and as periodically specified by Franchisor in the Manuals or otherwise in writing. 
(ww) “Operating Consultant” means one or more of Franchisor’s employees or 
representatives designated by Franchisor to conduct inspections, audits, and visits of the 
Restaurant. 
(xx) 
“Operations Leader” means a Person who has satisfactorily completed Approved 
Management Training Program at Franchisee’s expense and will thereafter devote full time and 
best efforts to the operation of Restaurants operated by Franchisee and be vested with the authority 
and responsibility for the day-to-day supervision of the Restaurant General Manager and 
management of the operations of the Restaurant operated under this Agreement. 
(yy) 
“Party” means either Franchisor or Franchisee individually. 
(zz) 
“Parties” means Franchisor and Franchisee collectively. 
(aaa) “PCI-DSS” means the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard. 
(bbb) “Permanently Disabled” or “Permanent Disability” means being subject to any 
physical, emotional, or mental injury, illness, or incapacity that prevents Franchisee or any 
Principal holding a Controlling Interest in Franchisee from performing his or her obligations under 
this Agreement or any other related agreement for at least ninety (90) consecutive days, and from 
which recovery is unlikely within ninety (90) days from the date such Person is determined to be 
Permanently Disabled. If the Parties hereto disagree as to whether a Person is “Permanently 
Disabled” the determination will be made by a licensed practicing physician, selected by 
Franchisor, upon examination of the Person, or, if the Person refuses to submit to an examination, 
then for purposes of this paragraph, the Person will automatically be considered Permanently 
Disabled as of the date of refusal. 
(ccc) “Person” means any natural person or Entity. 
(ddd) “Personal Information” means information that identifies, relates to, or could 
reasonably be linked to individuals, including, but not limited to, Franchisee’s customers, 
employees, and independent contractors, and business contacts. 
