 
 
16 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
indebtedness for Royalty Fees, Brand Fund Contributions and fees, purchases from Franchisor or 
Franchisor’s Affiliates, or interest. Franchisor has the right to accept payment from any other entity 
as payment by Franchisee.  Acceptance of that payment by Franchisor will not result in that other 
entity being substituted for Franchisee. 
5. 
TRAINING 
(a) 
Training Program. To protect and promote the Brand’s Standards, reputation, and 
goodwill, Franchisee and its management-level personnel (including Franchisee’s Designated 
Principal, Operations Leader, Restaurant General Manager, and at least three (3) Restaurant 
Managers) must complete the Approved Management Training to Franchisor’s satisfaction, 
including any certifications that Franchisor reasonably requires, at least sixty (60) days prior to the 
earlier of the scheduled opening date of the Restaurant or the Opening Deadline. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, Franchisee must provide Franchisor with the Taking Over Certificate for the 
Restaurant prior to the commencement of any training under this Section 5. Any replacement or 
substitute Designated Principal, Operations Leader, Restaurant General Manager and Restaurant 
Managers must complete the Approved Management Training to Franchisor’s satisfaction prior to 
serving in such positions. Franchisor reserves the right to charge Franchisee the then-current 
training fee for any Approved Management Training provided to any replacement or successor 
Designated Principal, Operations Leader, Restaurant General Manager, Restaurant Managers or 
other Restaurant personnel Franchisor requires. Franchisee will be solely responsible for all costs 
and expenses incurred by Franchisee and its personnel in connection with any Approved 
Management Training, including, without limitation, costs of obtaining any required certifications, 
travel, lodging, meals, wages, and other living expenses. Approved Management Training may be 
conducted at Franchisor’s offices or any Restaurant in the U.S., at Franchisor’s sole option.  
Franchisor reserves the right to require an approved third party to conduct any trainings, meeting, 
or conferences, including, without limitation, any initial or continuing Approved Management 
Training. 
(b) 
Pre-Opening Assistance. Unless Franchisee (or an Affiliate that has executed an 
area development agreement with Franchisor) a has established a pre-opening training program 
that has been previously approved by Franchisor in writing, Franchisor will send an Opening Crew 
to provide on-site training before or after the Restaurant’s grand opening. Franchisor, in 
consultation with Franchisee, will establish the number and experience level of members of the 
Opening Crew and training days necessary to support the successful opening of the Restaurant. 
The Opening Crew will serve only as consultants to Franchisee and will in no way be responsible 
(personally or on behalf of Franchisor) for the operation of the Restaurant or the actions of 
Franchisee before or after the Restaurant’s grand opening. Franchisee will reimburse Franchisor 
for all reasonable costs and expenses incurred in providing such Opening Crew for the Restaurant, 
including salary and personnel costs, travel, lodging, meals and miscellaneous costs. The Parties 
will establish in writing a reasonable Estimated Opening Budget for the Opening Crew no less 
than thirty (30) days prior to the grand opening. Franchisee will pay fifty percent (50%) of the 
Estimated Opening Budget to Franchisor twenty (20) days prior to the grand opening, and the 
balance of Franchisor’s actual reasonable costs and expenses incurring in providing such Opening 
Crew for the Restaurant (which costs and expenses may be more or less than fifty percent (50%) 
