 
 
65 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
of this Agreement as may remain otherwise intelligible, which will continue to be given full force 
and effect and bind the Parties, although any portion held to be invalid will be deemed not to be a 
part of this Agreement from the date the time for appeal expires, if Franchisee is a party, otherwise 
upon Franchisee’s receipt of a notice of non-enforcement from Franchisor. 
(b) 
Substitution of Valid Provisions. If any Applicable Law requires a greater prior 
notice than is required under this Agreement for the termination or nonrenewal of this Agreement, 
or the taking of some other action not required under this Agreement, or if, under any Applicable 
Law, any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, the prior notice and/or other 
action required by Applicable Law will be substituted for the comparable provisions of this 
Agreement. If any provision of this Agreement or any specification, standard, or operating 
procedure prescribed by Franchisor is invalid or unenforceable under Applicable Law, Franchisor 
will have the right, at Franchisor’s sole option, to modify such invalid or unenforceable provision, 
specification, standard, or operating procedure to the extent required to make it valid and 
enforceable under Applicable Law. 
(c) 
Effect of Delay, Waiver, Omission, or Forbearance. No delay, waiver, omission, 
or forbearance by Franchisor to exercise any right, option, duty, or power arising out of any breach 
or default by Franchisee, its Affiliates, or their respective Principals under this Agreement will 
constitute a waiver by Franchisor to enforce any such right, option, duty, or power against 
Franchisee, its Affiliates, or their respective Principals, or as to subsequent breach or default by 
Franchisee, its Affiliates, or their respective Principals. Subsequent acceptance by Franchisor of 
any payments due to it hereunder will not be deemed to be a waiver by Franchisor of any preceding 
breach by Franchisee, its Affiliates, or their respective Principals of any terms, provisions, 
covenants or conditions of this Agreement. 
(d) 
Binding Effect. This Agreement is binding upon the Parties and their respective 
executors, administrators, heirs, assigns and successors in interest. 
(e) 
Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including its Exhibits, addenda, and 
attachments) constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties, and supersedes any and all prior 
or contemporaneous negotiations, discussions, understandings, or agreements. There are no other 
oral or written understandings or agreements between Franchisor and Franchisee relating to the 
subject matter of this Agreement. Any representations not specifically contained in this Agreement 
made before entering into this Agreement do not survive after the signing of this Agreement.  As 
referenced above, all mandatory provisions of the Manuals are binding on Franchisee. Nothing in 
this Agreement or in any related agreement is intended to disclaim the representations Franchisor 
made in the Franchise Disclosure Document furnished to Franchisee. 
(f) 
Modification.  Except as expressly permitted herein, this Agreement may not be 
modified or amended except by a written agreement signed by both Franchisee and Franchisor.  
Any e-mail correspondence or other form of informal electronic communication will not be 
deemed to modify this Agreement unless such communication is signed by both Parties and 
specifically states that it is intended to modify this Agreement. However, notwithstanding the 
foregoing, Franchisor unilaterally may periodically modify the Manuals as provided in this 
Agreement. 
