 
 
4 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
licensed Gordon Ramsay To Go open in China.  Gordon Ramsay Macau Limited’s principal 
business address is Avenida da Praia Grande, No. 409, EDIF, China Law, 21 Andar, Macau. 
Our affiliate, Gordon Ramsay Holdings Limited, has offered licenses for Gordon Ramsay Burgers 
restaurants in the United Kingdom since 2020 and for Menu by Gordon Ramsay restaurants in the 
United Kingdom since 2023.  As of the issuance date of this Disclosure Document, there is one 
licensed Gordon Ramsay Burger restaurant and one licensed Menu by Gordon Ramsay restaurant 
open in the United Kingdom.  Gordon Ramsay Holdings Limited’s principal business address is 
539-547 Wandsworth Road, London, England, SW8 3JD, United Kingdom. 
Our affiliate, GR South Korea Ltd., has offered licenses for Gordon Ramsay Burger and Street 
Burger restaurants since 2021.  As of the issuance date of this Disclosure Document, there are two 
licensed Gordon Ramsay Burger restaurants and three licensed Street Burger restaurants open in 
South Korea. 
Our affiliates’ experiences licensing restaurants in hotels, casinos, and resorts throughout the 
United States, as well as our affiliate’s and affiliate’s licensee’s experience in developing and 
opening Fish & Chips restaurant in Orlando, Las Vegas, Reno, New York and Washington, D.C., 
form much of the basis of the information provided in this Disclosure Document. 
Except as otherwise described above, no other parents, predecessors, or affiliates are required to 
be disclosed in this Item, directly offers franchises in any other line of business, or otherwise 
conducts business of the type being offered to you in this Disclosure Document. 
Description of the Franchised Business 
We franchise the right to operate restaurants (“Fish & Chips Restaurant(s)” or “Restaurant(s)”) 
according to the Fish & Chips proprietary business format and system (“System”), which includes 
our techniques, methods, and procedures for the establishment, management, and operation of Fish 
& Chips Restaurants, including our confidential information, our operations manual, our 
trademarks, and other business standards and policies. The distinguishing characteristics of the 
System include our distinctive exterior and interior design, decor, and color scheme; furnishings; 
special recipes and menu items; uniform standards, specifications, policies and procedures for 
operations; service techniques; quality and uniformity of the products and services offered; 
procedures for inventory, management, and financial control; training and assistance; advertising 
and promotional programs; and our operations manual and such other manuals, written materials, 
and directives as we designate for use in the Restaurant (the “Manuals”), all of which we may 
change, improve, further develop, or otherwise modify. 
Fish & Chips Restaurants offer a fast-casual restaurant that features classic English street food, 
including British fish and chips, chicken and shrimp, milkshakes and offers beer and wine service 
and other related items. The Restaurants emphasize consistently high-quality, moderately priced 
food, and attentive, friendly service in a distinctive casual atmosphere. 
Fish & Chips Restaurants operate under the Gordon Ramsay Fish & Chips trade name and service 
mark and the other trade names, service marks, trademarks, logos, emblems, and other indicia of 
origin that we designate to identify Restaurants operating under the System (collectively, 
