 
 
48 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
(7) 
Franchisee or the transferee pays to Franchisor a Transfer Fee in connection 
with the Transfer. 
(8) 
Franchisee and each Principal will execute a general release, in the form 
prescribed by Franchisor, releasing the Indemnified Parties from any and all claims including but 
not limited to all Losses and Expenses arising before or contemporaneously with the Transfer. 
(9) 
Franchisor does not elect to exercise its right of first refusal described in 
Section 18(f). 
(10) 
Franchisee or any Principal, as applicable, and the transferee have satisfied 
any other conditions Franchisor reasonably requires as a condition to Franchisor’s approval of the 
Transfer. 
(d) 
Effect of Franchisor’s Consent. Any Transfer without Franchisor’s consent 
constitutes an Event of Default and is void and of no effect. Franchisor’s consent to a Transfer 
does not constitute a representation as to the fairness of the terms of any contract between 
Franchisee and the transferee, a guarantee of the prospects of success of the Restaurant or 
transferee, or a waiver of any claims Franchisor may have against Franchisee (or its Principals) or 
of its right to demand the transferee’s exact compliance with any of the terms or conditions of this 
Agreement. 
(e) 
Death or Disability of Franchisee. Upon Franchisee’s death or if Franchisee 
becomes Permanently Disabled or, if a Principal that Controls Franchisee dies or becomes 
Permanently Disabled and Franchisor determines, in Franchisor’s sole discretion, that such death 
or disability adversely affects the operation of the Restaurant governed by this Agreement, 
Franchisee’s or such Principal’s executor, administrator, or other personal representative must 
Transfer Franchisee’s or such Principal’s interest in this Agreement or interest in Franchisee 
(including Transfer by bequest or inheritance) to a third party approved by Franchisor in 
accordance with all of the applicable provisions of Section 18 within a reasonable period of time, 
not to exceed six (6) months from the date of death or Permanent Disability. A failure to Transfer 
the interest of Franchisee or the Principal in this Agreement or the Control in Franchisee within 
this period of time in accordance with the foregoing constitutes an Event of Default of this 
Agreement. 
(f) 
Franchisor’s Right of First Refusal. If Franchisee or a Principal desires to engage 
in a Transfer, Franchisee or the Principal, as applicable, must obtain a bona fide, signed written 
offer from the fully disclosed purchaser (including an earnest money deposit in the amount of five 
percent (5%) or more of total purchase price) and submit an exact copy of the offer to Franchisor. 
Franchisor will have thirty (30) days after receipt of the offer to decide whether Franchisor or its 
designee will purchase the interest in Franchisee’s business or the Equity Interest in Franchisee for 
the same price and upon the same terms contained in the offer (however, Franchisor or its designee 
may substitute cash for any form of payment proposed in the offer). If Franchisor notifies 
Franchisee that Franchisor or its designee intends to purchase the interest within the 30-day period, 
Franchisee or the Principal, as applicable, must sell the interest to Franchisor or Franchisor’s 
designee. Franchisor or its designee will have at least an additional ninety (90) days to prepare for 
closing, subject to extensions, at the sole option of Franchisor or its designee, to obtain any 
