 
 
55 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
a reasonable, bona fide pre-estimate of damages and not a penalty) for each Event of Default an 
Event of Default Fee. The Event of Default Fee under this Section 20(b) must be paid to Franchisor 
within five (5) days of receipt of Notice from Franchisor. Franchisor may, in addition to or in lieu 
thereof, pursue other remedies, including termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 20(a). 
Payment to Franchisor of any amount provided for in this Section 20(b) will not constitute an 
election of remedies by Franchisor or excuse performance of Franchisee’s obligations hereunder. 
Any payments received will be in addition to and not in lieu of any other remedies available to 
Franchisor under this Agreement or at law. If Franchisor imposes the Event of Default Fee under 
this Section 20(b) for any Event of Default, Franchisor may thereafter terminate this Agreement 
pursuant to Section 20(a) for a subsequent violation. 
(c) 
Pre-Opening Royalty Fee. In lieu of default and termination pursuant to Section 
20(a)(1)(B) or an Event of Default Fee pursuant to Section 20(b), if Franchisee fails to open the 
Restaurant and commence operations on or before the Opening Deadline, then Franchisor, at its 
sole option, may require Franchisee to pay a monthly Pre-Opening Royalty Fee from the Opening 
Deadline until the date on which the Restaurant opens for business to the public.  The Pre-Opening 
Royalty Fee will be due and payable each month in accordance with Section 4(f), beginning the 
month following the Opening Deadline.  The first and last payment of the Pre-Opening Royalty 
Fee will be pro-rated.  All payments of the Pre-Opening Royalty Fee are non-refundable.  If 
Franchisee fails to open the Restaurant within one (1) calendar year of the Opening Deadline, 
notwithstanding Franchisee’s payment of the Pre-Opening Royalty Fee, Franchisor may terminate 
this Agreement immediately upon written Notice to Franchisee. 
21. 
EFFECT OF TERMINATION, EXPIRATION, OR NONRENEWAL 
Upon expiration, nonrenewal, or termination of this Agreement for any reason: 
(a) 
Payment of Amounts Owed. Franchisee will pay to Franchisor within fifteen (15) 
days after the effective date of expiration or termination of this Agreement, or on such later date 
that the amounts due are determined, such fees, amounts owed for purchases from Franchisor or 
its Affiliates, Interest due on any of the foregoing and all other amounts owed to Franchisor or its 
Affiliates which are then unpaid. If this Agreement is terminated by Franchisor following the 
occurrence of an Event of Default and Franchisee’s failure to cure within any applicable cure 
period (including, without limitation, failure to comply with Standards or failure to comply with 
the Restaurant development obligations set forth in Section 6), Franchisee will, within thirty (30) 
days following the effective date of such termination, pay Franchisor in a single lump sum 
payment, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, as follows: (i) where there are less than three 
(3) years remaining in the Term, the greater of (A) the average Royalty Fee paid by Franchisee 
during the previous two (2) years of operation of the Restaurant multiplied by the number of 
months remaining in the Term and (B) Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000); (ii) where 
there are three (3) or more years remaining in the Term and the Restaurant has operated for at least 
two (2) years, the average Royalty Fee paid by Franchisee during the previous two (2) years of 
operation of the Restaurant multiplied by twenty-four (24) months; and (iii) where there are three 
(3) or more years remaining in the Term and the Restaurant has not opened or has operated for less 
than two (2) years, the average Royalty Fee paid by System franchisees for the month that 
termination of this Agreement is effective multiplied by twenty-four (24) months. Franchisee 
