 
 
6 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
(ww) “Restaurant(s)” means the restaurant(s) operating under the Brand. 
(xx) 
“Royalty Fee” means the same as defined in the Franchise Agreement. 
(yy) 
“Selected Site” means the same as defined in the Franchise Agreement. 
(zz) 
“Site Consent Letter” means Franchisor’s written consent to the Selected Site. 
(aaa) “Site Report” means the report that Developer must submit to Franchisor before 
receiving Franchisor’s consent to the Selected Site pursuant to a Site Consent Letter under Sections 
6(a) and 6(b) of this Agreement. 
(bbb) “Standards” means the Brand standards, requirements, specifications, policies and 
procedures of the System for the development, construction, operation and marketing of 
Restaurants as specified from time to time by Franchisor in the Manuals or otherwise in writing. 
(ccc) “Summary Page” means the Summary Page of this Agreement that directly 
precedes the Table of Contents of this Agreement. 
(ddd) “System” means the business system for establishing and operating Restaurants 
under the Brand, the distinguishing characteristics of which include, without limitation, distinctive 
exterior and interior design, decor, color scheme, furnishings and equipment; special recipes and 
menu items; the Standards; quality and uniformity of products and services offered; procedures 
for inventory, management and financial control; training and assistance; and marketing and 
advertising promotional programs; all of which may be changed, modified, improved, and further 
developed by Franchisor from time to time. 
(eee) “Tax” means all taxes, charges, fees, levies or other assessments, including, 
without limitation, all net income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, value 
added, turnover, transfer, franchise, profits, license, withholding, payroll, employment, excise, 
estimated, severance, stamp/stamp duty, occupation, property or other taxes, customs duties, fees, 
assessments or charges of any kind whatsoever, together with any interest and any penalties, 
additions to tax or additional amounts imposed by any taxing authority and any political 
subdivision, instrumentality, agency or similar body of any taxing authority. 
(fff) 
“Term” means the period beginning on the Effective Date and expiring as set forth 
in Section 3(a), unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement. 
(ggg) “Trade Dress” means the unique, distinctive, and non-functional overall 
appearance and image of Restaurants in the marketplace, and includes the Standards. 
(hhh) “Transfer” means and includes any voluntary, involuntary, direct or indirect 
assignment, transfer, sale, conveyance, disposition, gift, encumbrance, pledge, hypothecation, or 
mortgage by Developer or any of its Principals of all or any part of its rights, interests or obligations 
in this Agreement or any Equity Interest in Developer to any Person, or any other transaction that 
would, alone or together with any other previous, simultaneous or proposed Transfer, have the 
