 
 
12 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
8. 
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, AND COVENANTS 
Developer and its Principals represent, warrant, and covenant as follows (and acknowledge 
that Franchisor is relying on the following representations, warranties, and covenant as a predicate 
for entering into this Agreement and granting the rights described herein): 
(a) 
That Developer is duly organized or formed and validly existing in good standing 
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation; it has the necessary consents, 
approvals, licenses and/or permits to carry out the business activities contemplated by this 
Agreement; it will furnish such other information about its organization or formation as Franchisor 
may reasonably request to confirm the same; and the execution and delivery of this Agreement has 
been duly authorized by it. 
(b) 
If Developer is not publicly traded (i.e., less than twenty percent (20%) of its equity 
shares that are entitled to participate in the election of its Board of Directors are traded on a national 
exchange in the U.S.), it will disclose to Franchisor all Equity Interests in Developer. 
(c) 
Developer will provide Franchisor with such financial information as Franchisor 
may periodically request from Developer and each Principal, including copies of unaudited 
financial statements to be delivered to Franchisor on a quarterly basis, within twenty (20) days 
after the end of each calendar quarter, and copies of audited financial statements (prepared under 
generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S.) to be delivered to Franchisor on an annual 
basis, no later than sixty (60) days after the end of each calendar year. 
(d) 
Each of Developer’s Principals will execute and deliver to Franchisor a Guaranty 
and Assumption of Obligations in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B. 
(e) 
That this Agreement does not create a fiduciary or special relationship between 
Franchisor or its Affiliates and Developer, its Affiliates, or their respective Principals, that 
Developer is an independent contractor, that Developer is in business for itself and is not 
economically dependent on Franchisor for work, and that nothing in this Agreement is intended to 
constitute either Party hereto an agent, legal representative, subsidiary, joint venturer, partner, 
employee, joint employer, or servant of the other for any purpose whatsoever. For the avoidance 
of doubt, Franchisor is not the employer or joint employer of Developer or Developer’s employees. 
(f) 
Developer will maintain a tangible net worth of no less than Two Million Dollars 
($2,000,000). 
(g) 
Neither Developer nor any of its Affiliates will use the Marks in its corporate name, 
nor will they use Developer’s own name or any other name, word, or symbol, in connection with 
the Marks without Franchisor’s prior written consent. Developer will immediately inform 
Franchisor of any suspected or known infringement of or challenge to the Marks, rights and 
systems by others and will assist and cooperate with Franchisor in taking such action, at 
Franchisor’s own expense, as Franchisor, at its sole option, deems appropriate. 
