 
 
30 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
recently completed calendar quarter was less than the minimum required amount of the Local 
Marketing Expenditure, Franchisor may collect such unspent amounts directly from Franchisee in 
accordance with Section 4(f) and deposit such amounts into the Brand Fund, without any liability 
or obligation to use such amounts for Franchisee’s local advertising. Franchisee will utilize 
throughout the Term an advertising/marketing agency acceptable to Franchisor. Franchisor may 
withdraw its approval at any time if such agency fails to follow the Standards or other guidelines 
for advertising as described in the Manual. The Local Marketing Expenditures will be used to pay 
for the cost of implementing local marketing plans developed by Franchisor and adapted and 
implemented by Franchisee with Franchisor’s approval. For these purposes, acceptable Local 
Marketing Expenditure include amounts spent by Franchisee for advertising media and community 
relations, such as television, radio, Internet, newspaper, billboards, posters, direct mail, collateral 
and promotional items, advertising on public vehicles (transit and aerial) and the cost of producing 
approved materials necessary to participate in these media. Local Marketing Expenditures do not 
include amounts spent for items which Franchisor, in its sole judgment, deems inappropriate for 
meeting the minimum requirement for Local Marketing Expenditures, including permanent on-
premises signs, point of purchase materials and store hours, complimentary charges, donations, 
lighting, menus, personnel salaries or administrative costs, transportation vehicles (even though 
such vehicles may display the Marks), discounts, free offers and personnel or crew member 
incentive programs. 
(f) 
Special Promotions. Franchisee will participate in all customer surveys, 
satisfaction audits and promotional programs as Franchisor may require from time to time, which 
may require Franchisee to provide discounted or complimentary Products. Additionally, 
Franchisee will participate in a guest satisfaction survey monitoring service, as determined by 
Franchisor, using a third-party vendor designated or approved by Franchisor, at Franchisee’s sole 
expense, including, any customer complaint resolution and other programs as Franchisor may 
reasonably establish for all or part of the System, which programs may include, without limitation, 
providing discounts or refunds to customers. For any such sales, the amount actually paid by the 
guest after the discount, rather than the original amount, will be considered for purposes of 
Restaurant Revenue. 
(g) 
Press Releases. No public communication, press release or announcement 
regarding this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby, the operation of the Restaurant, 
or any Crisis Management Event will be made by Franchisee without Notice to Franchisor and 
Franchisor’s prior approval of such communication, press release or announcement. Franchisee 
will not disclose the substance of this Agreement to any third party except as necessary to obtain 
a lease or renewal or obtain any permit, license or other approvals, or to the extent required by the 
lawful order of any court of competent jurisdiction having jurisdiction over Franchisee, provided 
that Franchisee will give Franchisor prior Notice of such potential disclosure and provide 
Franchisor a reasonable opportunity to challenge and prevent the disclosure of such information. 
(h) 
Positioning. Franchisee must adhere to the Standards and other guidance on Brand 
positioning with respect to pricing, product offerings and other key Brand presentation attributes. 
(i) 
Advertising and Promotion Standards. Any and all advertising, promotion, and 
marketing that Franchisee conducts must be clear, factually accurate, and not misleading, and must 
