 
 
38 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
game consoles, vending machines, jukeboxes, or other entertainment devices or services we 
designate. We reserve the right to require you to obtain, install, and use a third-party online 
ordering or delivery services system. You must purchase, lease, license, sublicense, or subscribe 
to these systems, devices, services, and related software for your Restaurant from our then-
currently approved supplier(s), which may be us or our affiliate. 
We may also require you to purchase and maintain remote servers, off-site electronic repositories, 
and broadband or other high speed Internet connections.  You may be required to pay a software 
license fee for some or all software we require you to use. You must acquire, install, and maintain 
such anti-virus and anti-spyware software as we require and must comply with such data security 
and consumer privacy policies as we may prescribe from time to time as set forth in the Manuals 
or imposed by applicable law. 
You must: (a) use any proprietary software programs, system documentation manuals, and other 
proprietary materials that we require in connection with the operation of the Restaurant; (b) input 
and maintain in your computer such data and information as we prescribe; and (c) purchase new 
or upgraded software programs, system documentation manuals, and other proprietary materials 
at then-current prices whenever we adopt new or upgraded programs, manuals, and materials 
system-wide. You must enter into all software license agreements, “terms of use” agreements, and 
software maintenance agreements, in the form and manner prescribed by our approved software 
suppliers, and pay all fees imposed under the agreements. 
We may, at our option, establish and maintain an Intranet for the franchise system.  We may post, 
update, and disseminate the Manuals and other confidential information through the Intranet, and 
may otherwise use the Intranet to communicate with you and other franchisees.  If we establish an 
Intranet, we will have no obligation to maintain it indefinitely, and we may dismantle it at any 
time. (Franchise Agreement, Section 7(d).) 
We estimate the cost of purchasing or leasing the POS System and all other required computer 
hardware and software systems to be approximately $100,000. 
We may periodically modify and update our standards for the computer system.  If we do, you will 
be required to acquire and install at your cost the modified computer system (including hardware 
and software) within 90 days of our written notice to you. 
You will be responsible for the cost of ongoing maintenance, repairs, upgrades, and updates to the 
computer system and POS System.  Neither we, our affiliates, nor any third parties are responsible 
for such costs.  We estimate your annual cost of any maintenance, updates, upgrades, or support 
contracts related to the computer system and POS System will be at least $13,050 to $15,900.  The 
precise cost of maintaining, updating, upgrading or replacing your POS System and other required 
technology cannot be estimated at this time because it will depend on the specific systems you 
select, your repair history, local costs of computer maintenance and service in your area, and 
technological advances that we cannot predict. 
 
 
