 
 
41 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
In addition to the continuing training, at your request or as we deem appropriate, we will provide 
you with on-site remedial training.  You must pay our then-current compensation rate for the 
services of our trainers, plus their travel, lodging, meals, and related costs. (Franchise Agreement, 
Section 5(d), 5(f).) 
You and your management-level personnel must attend any system-wide meetings (including our 
annual operations conference) that we require.  At our option, we may require you to pay our then-
current fee for you and your management-level personnel to attend such meetings or conferences, 
although we currently do not charge an attendance fee for such meetings or conferences.  You will 
be solely responsible for any costs and expenses incurred by you or your personnel in connection 
with attending such meetings or conferences, including travel, lodging, meals, wages, and other 
living expenses and miscellaneous costs. (Franchise Agreement, Section 5(e); Area Development 
Agreement, Section 11(f).). 
ITEM 12 
TERRITORY 
Franchise Agreement 
The Franchise Agreement grants to you the right to operate a Fish & Chips Restaurant at a single 
location selected by you and approved by us (the “Selected Site”).  The Franchise Agreement will 
identify the geographic area in which you may search for a site.  Once the Selected Site for your 
Restaurant is identified and has been approved by us, we will determine the “Designated Area” for 
your Restaurant.  The exact size of the Designated Area will be determined by us based on several 
factors, including without limitation, designated market area; population base; density of 
population; growth trends of population; apparent degree of affluence of population; the density 
of residential and business entities; co-tenants of your Restaurant at the Selected Site, traffic 
generators, driving times; and major topographical features which clearly define contiguous areas, 
like rivers, mountains, major freeways, and underdeveloped land areas.  Once determined and/or 
approved by us, we will list the Selected Site and Designated Area on Exhibit C of the Franchise 
Agreement. 
You are required to operate the Restaurant only at the Selected Site.  You may not operate the 
Restaurant or offer or sell any products or services at or from any location other than the Selected 
Site, though you may make off-site sales within the Designated Area if we approve or require you 
to do so, as described below.  You may not relocate the Restaurant without our prior written 
consent.  If we consent, you may relocate to another location within the Designated Area.  You 
must comply with our then-current site selection and construction standards. 
You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from 
outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control. 
Subject to your full compliance with the Franchise Agreement and any other agreements with us 
or our affiliates, we and our affiliates will not operate or grant others the right to operate any other 
Fish & Chips Restaurant in the Designated Area (subject to the reservations and limitations 
described below) during the term of your Franchise Agreement.  Except as expressly limited by 
the previous sentence, we and our affiliates retain all rights with respect to Fish & Chips 
