 
 
35 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
from deviating from Standards, including, without limitation, by the use or offer of non-
conforming items or differing amounts of any items, without Franchisor’s prior written consent. 
Franchisee must sell and offer for sale all menu items, Products and services required by Franchisor 
and utilizing the method, manner and style prescribed by Franchisor, as expressly authorized by 
Franchisor in writing. 
(4) 
Franchisee will immediately suspend operation of and close the Restaurant 
if: (a) any Products sold at the Restaurant appear to have been adulterated or otherwise deviate 
unsafely from the Standards; (b) any Products fail to comply with Applicable Law; or (c) 
Franchisee fails to maintain the Products in accordance with Applicable Law. In the event of a 
closing of the Restaurant, Franchisee will immediately notify Franchisor in writing and destroy all 
contaminated or adulterated Products, eliminate the source of those Products and remedy any 
unsanitary, unsafe or other condition or violation of Applicable Law. Franchisee will not reopen 
the Restaurant until after Franchisor has inspected the Restaurant and it is determined that the 
Restaurant can operate in accordance with Standards. 
(5) 
Franchisee must participate in all market research programs that Franchisor 
requires, which includes test-marketing new Products, purchasing a reasonable quantity of new 
Products for test marketing, and promoting the sale of the new Products. Franchisee must provide 
Franchisor with timely reports and test results for all such programs. 
(h) 
System Changes. Franchisor, at its sole option, may unilaterally modify, replace, 
or otherwise change the System, including the Standards from time to time, whether set forth in 
the Manuals or otherwise. Franchisee must, at its sole cost and expense, promptly comply with 
any changes made to the System by Franchisor, including, but not limited to, changes in 
preparation, operations, and appearance of the Restaurant (including any remodeling and 
renovation to the interior or exterior of the Restaurant) or purchases of Operating Assets as are 
required by Franchisor in writing. Franchisee may be required to attend meetings, at its own cost 
and expense, to discuss any System changes. If Franchisor requests that changes be made to the 
Restaurant, Franchisor will provide Franchisee with a sample layout for the interior and exterior 
changes to be made and a set of typical preliminary plans. Franchisee will, at its sole cost and 
expense, employ architects, designers, engineers, contractors and others as may be necessary to 
complete, adapt, modify or substitute the sample plans for the Restaurant. Franchisee must obtain 
Franchisor’s prior written approval of any and all changes in the plans before commencing 
construction or implementing such changes. Franchisor will have access to the Restaurant while 
work is in progress and may require such reasonable alterations or modifications of the 
construction at the Restaurant, at Franchisee’s sole cost and expense, as Franchisor deems 
necessary to conform to its Standards. 
(i) 
Alcoholic Beverages. Subject to Applicable Law, Franchisee will provide 
alcoholic beverage services at the Restaurant continuously throughout the Term. Franchisee will 
be solely responsible for compliance with Applicable Law, and will procure and continuously 
maintain any approval, permit, and/or license that are required in connection with the sale of 
alcoholic beverages at the Restaurant. 
