 
 
14 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
charges assessed against Franchisee. Franchisee is responsible for, and must indemnify and hold 
the Indemnified Parties harmless against any penalties, Interest and expenses incurred by or 
assessed against Franchisor as a result of Franchisee’s failure to timely remit them to the 
appropriate taxing authority. Franchisee agrees to fully and promptly cooperate with Franchisor to 
provide any information or records it requests in connection with any application by Franchisor to 
any taxing authority with respect to Franchisee. 
(f) 
Remittances. The Royalty Fee, Brand Fund Contribution, and any other periodic 
fees required by this Agreement will be due and payable each month based on the Restaurant 
Revenue for the preceding month and must be paid so that they are received by Franchisor on or 
before the fifteenth (15th) day following the end of each month of Franchisor’s fiscal calendar, 
provided that such day is a Business Day. If the date on which such payments would otherwise be 
due is not a Business Day, then payment will be due on the next Business Day. All payments to 
Franchisor must be submitted to Franchisor either electronically by wire transfer of immediately 
available funds or at the address directed by Franchisor, together with any reports or statements 
required under this Agreement. Failure by Franchisee to timely remit the monthly payments and 
the related monthly report will result in the assumption that the monthly payments due to 
Franchisor for the related month are equal to the average of the last two (2) monthly payments 
received by Franchisor from Franchisee, plus ten percent (10%), plus Interest. Any payment or 
report not actually received by Franchisor on or before such date will be deemed overdue. If any 
payment is overdue, Franchisee will pay Franchisor, in addition to the overdue amount, Interest 
on such amount from the date it was due until payment is received by Franchisor. Such Interest 
will be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other rights and remedies Franchisor may have. 
Franchisee acknowledges that this Section 4(f) does not constitute Franchisor’s agreement to 
accept any payments after they are due or Franchisor’s commitment to extend credit to, or 
otherwise finance Franchisee’s operation of, Restaurants. Franchisee has no right of offset against 
any payments due Franchisor under this Agreement. Franchisee will not withhold any payments 
due Franchisor under this Agreement for any reason, including, without limitation, alleged 
nonperformance by Franchisor hereunder. Regardless of any designation by Franchisee, 
Franchisor may, at its sole option, apply Franchisee’s payments or any portion thereof to any of 
Franchisee’s past due indebtedness, Interest, or any other indebtedness or amounts owed to 
Franchisor or its Affiliates under this Agreement or any other agreement between Franchisor and 
Franchisee or any of their respective Affiliates.  Franchisor has the right to set off any amounts 
Franchisee owes to Franchisor or its Affiliates against any amounts Franchisor may owe to 
Franchisee. To the extent Applicable Law prohibits or restricts in any way Franchisee’s ability to 
pay, or Franchisor’s ability to collect, Royalty Fees or any other fees under this Agreement based 
on Restaurant Revenue derived from the sale of alcoholic beverages at the Restaurant, then the 
Parties will promptly renegotiate and agree in writing on a new payment structure for such fees so 
as to result in the same economic effect for the Parties as currently provided in this Agreement 
(including a corresponding change in the definition of Restaurant Revenue). Franchisor has the 
right to adjust for inflation all fixed dollar amounts under this Agreement once a year to reflect 
changes in the Index. 
(g) 
Reports. Franchisee must submit the Restaurant Revenue daily via Franchisor’s 
Intranet system or through other electronic data interfaces that Franchisor may require, at 
Franchisee’s cost. Franchisee must verify the accuracy of the Restaurant Revenue and Restaurant 
