 
 
33 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
Information. Franchisee will return all hard copies of the Manuals to Franchisor immediately on 
expiration or termination of this Agreement. 
(b) 
Compliance with Applicable Law; Operating Permits. Franchisee will develop 
and at all times operate the Restaurant in full compliance with Applicable Law (including, but not 
limited to, Applicable Data Protection Law)  and in conformity with the Standards, including but 
not limited to all restaurant, food, and beverage services conducted at or from the Restaurant, 
including all Applicable Law related to handling of food products, occupational hazards and 
health, workers’ compensation insurance, unemployment insurance and withholding and payment 
of federal and state income taxes, social security taxes and sales taxes. Franchisee must notify 
Franchisor in writing immediately upon the commencement of any legal action, suit, or 
proceeding, any administrative action, or the issuance of an order of any court, agency, or other 
governmental instrumentality, which may adversely affect the development, occupancy, or 
operation of the Restaurant or Franchisee’s financial condition; or the delivery of any notice of 
violation or alleged violation of any Applicable Law, including those relating to health, safety, 
alcoholic beverages, or sanitation at the Restaurant. All of Franchisee’s advertising and promotion 
must be factually accurate and must conform to the highest standards of ethical advertising. 
Franchisee must in all dealings with its customers, suppliers and the public adhere to the highest 
standards of honesty, integrity, fair, and ethical conduct, and must comply with all consumer 
protection and unfair competition laws and regulations. Franchisee will have the sole responsibility 
of ensuring that all advertising is in compliance with Applicable Law. Franchisee will refrain from 
any business or advertising practice which may be injurious to Franchisor’s business, to the 
business of other Restaurants, to Gordon Ramsay, or to the goodwill associated with the Marks, 
Brand, or System. Franchisee will be solely responsible for initially procuring and continuously 
maintaining thereafter all approvals, permits, clearances, classifications, certifications, and/or 
licenses (e.g., for zoning, construction, alcoholic beverages, building, utility, health, safety, 
signage purposes) required for the development and operation of the Restaurant. 
(c) 
Hours of Operation. Franchisee will operate the Restaurant during the hours and 
on the days prescribed by Franchisor in the Manuals or otherwise approved in advance in writing 
by Franchisor and according to Applicable Law. 
(d) 
Trade Accounts. With respect to any supplier, Franchisee will maintain its trade 
accounts in a current status and will seek to resolve any disputes with such suppliers promptly. If 
Franchisee fails to maintain such trade accounts on a current status and timely pay any amounts 
owing to any other third parties providing services, Franchisor may, but is not required to, pay any 
such amounts and/or perform such obligations on Franchisee’s behalf. If Franchisor elects to pay 
any such amounts, then Franchisee must promptly reimburse Franchisor, upon receipt of 
Franchisor’s invoice, for such amounts and pay our then-current fee of such administrative 
services. 
(e) 
Proprietary Products. Franchisor may develop or acquire for use in the System 
certain Products which are prepared from highly confidential secret recipes and which are trade 
secrets of Franchisor and/or its Affiliates. Because of the importance of quality and uniformity of 
production and the significance of such Products in the System, it is to the mutual benefit of the 
Parties that Franchisor closely control the production and distribution of such Products. 
