 
 
7 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
(eee) “Plans” means all final plans and specifications for the Restaurant and all 
Operating Assets, including, without limitation, all final designs, schematic site plans, floor plans 
and layouts, facilities, work orders, construction materials, and artist renderings. 
(fff) 
“POS System” means the computerized point-of-sale cash collection system 
(including all related hardware and software) as specified in the Manuals and approved by 
Franchisor in writing for use in connection with a Restaurant. 
(ggg) “Pre-Opening Coordinator” means a full-time coordinator placed in the 
Restaurant to act as Franchisor’s on-site representative during the pre-opening period. 
(hhh) “Pre-Opening Royalty Fee” means the fee payable by Franchisee to Franchisor if 
Franchisee fails to open the Restaurant by the Opening Deadline, in the amount set forth in the 
Summary Page. 
(iii) 
“Principal” means, collectively or individually, the Persons holding a direct or 
indirect Equity Interest of greater than five percent (5%) in Franchisee or in any Affiliate of 
Franchisee, and any director or officer thereof. 
(jjj) 
“Products” means all food (including ingredients), beverage, merchandise, and 
articles used, offered, or sold in connection with the operation of a Restaurant as specified from 
time to time by Franchisor in the Manuals, or otherwise in writing. Products include the Proprietary 
Products. 
(kkk) “Proprietary Products” means all food, beverage, articles, clothing, and 
memorabilia used, offered, or sold in connection with the operation of a Restaurant bearing any of 
the Marks or designated as proprietary by Franchisor or any Affiliate. 
(lll) 
“Proprietary Software” means certain computer software that is owned or 
licensed by Franchisor for use in the operation of the POS System and/or Restaurant computer 
system. 
(mmm) “Relocation Fee” means the fee Franchisee must pay to Franchisor to move the 
location of the Restaurant as set forth in Section 2(c) in the amount set forth in the Summary Page. 
(nnn) “Relocation Period” means the nine (9) month time period after a Force Majeure 
Event during which Franchisee must relocate the Restaurant. 
(ooo) “Renewal Fee” means the renewal fee Franchisee must pay to Franchisor as set 
forth in Section 3(b)(5) in the amount set forth in the Summary Page. 
(ppp) “Renewal Term” means an additional term of five (5) years, as set forth in Section 
3(b). 
(qqq) “Reporting Period” means each calendar month of the Restaurant’s operation. 
(rrr) 
“Reserved Areas” means locations providing services other than those offered by 
Restaurants, including, without limitation, airports and other transportation facilities, universities, 
