 
 
18 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
special offers, coupons, voucher credits, and trade for product or services), including all 
receipts and revenues from or related to the sale of merchandise at, from, or in connection 
with the Restaurant, excluding taxes payable to a government authority, gratuities, service 
charges, credit card fees, food or beverage items offered on a complimentary or discounted 
basis to your employees or affiliates (subject to a three and one half percent (3½%) cap 
each year on complimentary or discounted food or beverage items offered to employees); 
and any discretionary gratuity or service charges paid on the regular payroll cycle to 
employees who are paid below government-mandated minimum wage and/or where 
discretionary gratuities are all or part of the employee’s weekly/monthly wages. 
4. 
If you fail to open a Restaurant on or before the required opening deadline set forth in the 
Franchise Agreement, you must pay us a Pre-Opening Royalty Fee of $3,000 per week 
from the Restaurant’s required opening deadline until the date on which the Restaurant 
opens for business to the public. Please see Item 11 for more information regarding the Site 
Report. 
5. 
A “Brand Audit” is an audit performed by us or a third party to evaluate your compliance 
with our standards. Although audit and inspection costs are uniformly imposed on all 
franchisees subject to this Disclosure Document, the cost of each audit or inspection may 
not be the same for each franchisee.  Audit and inspection costs will vary depending on 
factors such as the audit or inspection firm utilized, billing arrangements and time spent to 
complete the audit or inspection. 
6. 
We reserve the right to require your participation in other services we designate, at your 
expense, including, but not limited to, guest satisfaction survey monitoring services or 
customer complaint resolution programs. 
7. 
If you, for any reason, fail to obtain or maintain insurance required by a Franchise 
Agreement or Area Development Agreement entered into between you and us, as these 
requirements may be revised by us in the Manuals or otherwise in writing, we have the 
right and authority (but not the obligation) to immediately obtain such insurance and to 
charge the same to you, which charges, together with a reasonable fee for our expenses in 
so acting, will be payable by you immediately upon notice.  Insurance costs are non-
refundable.  Insurance coverage requirements are uniformly imposed on all new 
franchisees.  However, the costs of this coverage may not be uniform for all franchisees 
because premiums may vary according to the insurer, marketplace conditions, the location 
of the insured’s premises, the insurance requirements of applicable law and other factors.  
These costs will not be collected or imposed in whole or in part on behalf of any third party 
by us and are payable to the applicable insurer or agent. 
8. 
Legal fees and expenses will vary depending on factors such as the nature of the legal 
matter, venue and the complexity of the legal matter. You are required to reimburse us for 
our costs and expenses we incur in connection with your breach of the Franchise 
Agreement or Area Development Agreement, as applicable. 
