 
 
22 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
management skill, experience and business acumen; local economic conditions; the local 
market for your products and services; the prevailing wage rate; competition; and the sales 
level reached during the initial period.  You should calculate your estimated expenses for 
these items based on the anticipated costs in your market and consider whether you will 
need additional cash reserves.  We reserve the right to require you to incur additional start-
up expenses if we modify the requirements for a Restaurant to open and operate, such as, 
requiring you to purchase, lease, license, or subscribe entertainment-related devices, 
services, or offerings, as further described in Item 8. 
13. 
Please see Item 11 for more information regarding the Opening Crew. 
14. 
We relied on our affiliate’s experience in developing and opening a Fish & Chips restaurant 
in New York, Orlando, and Washington, D.C. as well as the experience of our affiliates and 
their licensees operating other Gordon Ramsay branded restaurants in the United States to 
compile these estimates. Your costs for developing and opening Restaurants may differ 
from the information set forth herein and costs may vary from market to market. In 
addition, inflation may impact various costs, including, among others, building costs, 
construction, remodeling, equipment, fixtures, signage, inventory, and decorating costs.  
You should review these figures carefully with a business advisor before making any 
decision to purchase the franchise.  The initial investment estimates described in this table 
relate to a single Restaurant in each listed category.  Each additional Restaurant developed 
under an Area Development Agreement will require a similar level of investment.  We will 
have no liability as a result of or in connection to reliance by you on any of the financial 
information mentioned herein. 
Unless otherwise stated above, these estimates are subject to increases based on changes in market 
conditions, our cost of providing services, and future policy changes. At the present time, we have 
no plans to increase payments we control. 
We do not offer any financing for your initial franchise fee or any portion of your initial 
investment. Unless otherwise stated, the amounts described above are not refundable. 
ITEM 8 
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
Required Purchases and Approved Suppliers 
You must purchase, lease,  license, sublicense, or otherwise obtain from suppliers that we approve 
(which may be us or our affiliate): (1) fixtures, furniture, equipment, computer systems, décor, 
general contractor services, architect services, site analytics services, and social media guest 
measurement services; (2) food products and ingredients (whether or not developed by or for us 
pursuant to a special recipe, formula, or specifications); (3) fountain and bottled beverages, 
alcoholic and non-alcoholic; (4) uniforms, shirts, memorabilia, and all merchandise and items 
intended for retail sale (whether or not bearing our Marks); (5) advertising, point-of-purchase 
materials, and other printed promotional materials; bags, packaging, and supplies bearing our 
Marks; (6) paper products, disposable goods and smallware; (7) insurance; (8) food safety, 
sanitation, and health evaluation and monitoring services; (9) mystery shopper services; and (10) 
