 
 
47 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
You must promptly notify us of any infringement of the Marks or of any challenge to the use of 
any of the Marks or claim by any person of any rights in any of the Marks. You and your Principals 
must agree not to communicate with any person other than us, any designated affiliate, and our or 
their counsel about any infringement, challenge, or claim. We or our affiliates have the sole option 
to take any action we deem appropriate and the right to exclusively control any litigation or USPTO 
(or other) proceeding, regarding any infringement, challenge, or claim concerning any of the 
Marks. You must sign all instruments and documents and give us any assistance that, in our or our 
counsel’s opinion, may be necessary or advisable to protect and maintain our interests or those of 
our affiliates in any litigation or proceeding or to otherwise protect and maintain our or their 
interest in the Marks. 
You may use only the Marks that we designate, must use them only in the manner that we authorize 
and permit, and must use them with the symbols, “®”, “™”, or “SM”, as appropriate. You may use 
the Marks only in connection with the operation and promotion of your Restaurant(s), and only in 
the manner we prescribe. You may not use any of the Marks as part of your corporate or other 
name. You must also follow our instructions for identifying yourself as a franchisee and for filing 
and maintaining the requisite trade name or fictitious name registrations. You must sign any 
documents we or our counsel determine are necessary to obtain protection for the Marks or to 
maintain their continued validity and enforceability. Neither you nor your Principals may take any 
action that would prejudice or interfere with the validity of our rights with respect to the Marks 
and may not contest the validity of our interest in the Marks or assist others to do so. 
You may not use the Marks or any part or derivative of the Marks on the Internet, except as 
expressly permitted in writing. This prohibition includes use of the Marks or any derivative of the 
Marks as part of any URL or domain name, including but not limited to any gaming website, social 
networking website, mobile application or marketing/discounting website; as part of any user 
name; or as part of any email address unless expressly approved by us in writing. 
We have the right to substitute different trade names, service marks, trademarks, and indicia of 
origin for the Marks if the Marks can no longer be used, or if we determine that the substitution is 
advisable. If we do, we may require you to discontinue or modify your use of any Mark or use one 
or more additional or substitute Marks at your expense. 
ITEM 14 
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION 
We do not own any patents and do not have any pending patent applications that are material to 
the franchise. 
We do not own any copyrights and do not have any pending copyright applications that are material 
to the franchise. However, we or our affiliates do claim copyright protection and proprietary rights 
in the original materials used in the System, including our Manuals, recipes, bulletins, 
correspondence and communications with our franchisees, training, advertising and promotional 
materials, and other written materials relating to the operation of Fish & Chips Restaurants and the 
System. 
