 
 
27 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
supplier) for any purpose we or our affiliates deem appropriate. As of the issuance date of this 
Disclosure Document, neither we nor any of our affiliates have received any such payments or 
other consideration from any approved supplier based on franchisees’ purchases or leases of 
required products or services from approved suppliers. 
Percentage of Total Purchases Represented by Required Purchases 
We estimate that the cost of required purchases or leases you must make from approved suppliers 
or in accordance with our specifications will represent approximately 75% of your initial 
investment to establish and open the Restaurant and will represent approximately 90% to 95% of 
your ongoing expenses for the operation of the Restaurant. 
Cooperatives 
Currently, there are no purchasing or distribution cooperatives. We may establish strategic 
alliances, national account programs, or preferred vendor programs, purchasing programs, buying 
groups, or purchasing cooperatives.  If we do, we may make such programs available to you and/or 
may require you to participate in such programs. 
Negotiated Purchases 
Though we have not done so as of the issuance date of this Disclosure Document, we may negotiate 
purchase arrangements with certain approved suppliers for the benefit of the System, including us 
and company- or affiliate-owned Restaurants and franchised Restaurants. 
Material Benefit 
We do not provide any material benefits to franchisees based on purchase of particular products 
or services or use of particular approved suppliers, although we reserve the right to do so. We 
reserve the right not to grant franchises or confer other benefits to any franchisee, for any reason 
or no reason, which may include the failure to follow and support our System, including its 
recommended or required purchase of particular products or services or use of particular suppliers. 
ITEM 9 
FRANCHISEE’S OBLIGATIONS 
This table lists your principal obligations under the franchise and other agreements.  It will 
help you find more detailed information about your obligations in these agreements and in 
other items of this Disclosure Document. 
Obligation 
Section in 
Area Development 
Agreement 
Section in 
Franchise Agreement 
Disclosure 
Document Items 
a. Site selection and 
acquisition/lease 
Sections 6(a)-(c) 
Sections 
2(b)-(d) 
and 
6(a)-(c) 
Items 7 and 11 
