GRNA FC Group, LLC 
(A Limited Liability Company) 
 
Notes to Financial Statement 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
5 
Note 1 - Organization and description of business 
Business activity 
GRNA FC Group, LLC (the "Company") was formed on June 20, 2024 in the State of Delaware and 
is governed by its Operating Agreement. The Company was funded with $100,000 capital contribution 
on January 30, 2025 by its parent, GRNA LLC, for purposes of filing its initial franchise disclosure 
document and selling GRNA FC franchises. As of January 31, 2025, the Company did not commence 
operations. 
The Company is a limited liability company ("LLC") which will continue in existence subject to the 
terms and conditions of its Operating Agreement. The obligations of the member are limited to its 
capital contributions. 
Note 2 - Summary of significant accounting policies 
Basis of preparation 
The financial statement is prepared on the accrual basis of accounting in accordance with accounting 
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
Cash  
The balances are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250,000, per 
institution. As of January 31, 2025, the Company did not have any uninsured cash. 
Income taxes 
The Company elected income tax status as a limited liability company. Under this election, the 
Company is not subject to federal income taxes and all taxable income is passed through to the 
member.  
Use of estimates 
The preparation of the financial statement in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted 
in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect 
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the 
date of the balance sheet. Actual results could differ from those estimates and the differences could 
be material. 
Subsequent events 
The Company has evaluated subsequent events through February 26, 2025, which is the date the 
financial statement was available to be issued.  
Note 3 - Contingent liabilities and commitments 
The Company is subject to legal proceedings, claims, and litigation arising in the ordinary course of 
business. As of January 31, 2025, the Company does not have any outstanding legal proceedings or 
claims.  
As of January 31, 2025, the Company has no lease obligations. 
