 
 
37 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
You must purchase, lease, license, or otherwise use any point-of-sale system (“POS System”), 
operations, catering, online ordering, delivery, back office, accounting, customer service, credit 
card and payment processing, loyalty program processing and other systems, hardware, and 
software in the operation of your Restaurant that we require, including additions, upgrades, 
enhancements and replacements of the current software and hardware (including POS System). 
The POS System must always be connected to a communications medium specified by us and be 
capable of accessing the Internet via a designated third-party network for the purpose of 
implementing software, transmitting and receiving data, accessing the Internet for ordering, and 
maintaining the POS System. We may also require to you to obtain a license or sublicense for any 
proprietary software that we specify.  (Franchise Agreement, Section 7.) 
We currently require all franchisees to obtain, install before opening and starting the operation of 
your Restaurant, and use a POS System (including a gift card reader and such other add-on 
consoles) that meets our standards and specifications and that we approve, as well as internet 
connections and service, required dedicated telephone and power lines and other related 
accessories, peripherals, consoles, and equipment.  The POS System will be a computer- or tablet-
based transaction processing system integrated with a reporting system that supports non-resettable 
totals and polling of sales and other operational data by us. Your POS System must include a 
kitchen display. We will designate one or more approved suppliers for the POS System that 
provides a POS System compatible with our current data collection and polling system.  You must 
have the latest version of the POS System or the immediately prior version of the POS System, 
and you are required to upgrade or update the POS System at your cost, including its hardware 
and/or software, on a quarterly basis. There is no contractual limitation on your potential cost to 
upgrade, update, or replace your POS System, but you will not be required to replace the POS 
System any more frequently than once every five years. 
The POS System will store information concerning your sales, inventory, accounting, and other 
operations. You may not modify or manipulate (except for pricing) the database for the computer 
software systems without our prior consent. We may retrieve from your POS System and other 
technology any and all information we consider necessary, desirable, or appropriate, including 
customer, sales, sales mix, usage, and other operations data. You must provide us access to your 
POS System at such times as we request. We may require you to electronically link the POS 
System to the Intranet, at your cost and expense. There is no contractual limitation on our right to 
access information from your POS System or other required technology. If necessary, we may 
utilize remote access to provide required upgrades and installation of hardware on your POS 
System. You will have independent access to the information that will be generated or stored in 
the POS System and reporting system, but you may not manipulate the data that is generated or 
block or restrict our access to the data. 
We currently require all franchisees to obtain, install, and use a digital menu board, transaction 
processing systems (including credit card, pay-at-table, and gift card/loyalty capabilities), data 
security and compliance systems (including networking equipment, services, and PCI-DSS 
compliance program services), and a learning management system (LMS). We reserve the right to 
require you to subscribe to specific music and television offerings at your Restaurant, including 
designated playlists, streaming services, specific television packages, premium channels, and/or 
other customized content distribution. We also reserve the right to require you to use specified 
