 
 
43 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
immediately. Any audit, examination, or inspection conducted under this Section 14(b) will be at 
Franchisor’s cost and expense, unless Franchisor is conducting the audit, examination, or 
inspection due to Franchisee’s failure to submit reports, or unless it is discovered that the reports 
submitted by Franchisee for the Reporting Period show an understatement of Restaurant Revenue 
by two percent (2%) or more and/or a corresponding underpayment of Royalty Fees, in which 
cases all reasonable and necessary costs and expenses related to such examination will be paid by 
Franchisee (including, without limitation, reasonable accounting and attorneys’ fees). Franchisee 
will immediately pay Franchisor upon demand any deficiency in any fees plus Interest as specified 
in Section 4. These remedies will be in addition to any other remedies Franchisor may have under 
this Agreement or at law. 
(c) 
Financial Reports. In addition to any reports required under Section 4(g), within 
twenty (20) days after the end of each calendar quarter, Franchisee will deliver to Franchisor a 
profit and loss statement with respect to the operation of the Restaurant during the immediately 
preceding calendar quarter. Within sixty (60) days after the end of each fiscal year, Franchisee will 
deliver to Franchisor an annual profit and loss and source and use of funds statements and a balance 
sheet as of the end of such fiscal year. Franchisee will also deliver to Franchisor any other financial 
data or reports that Franchisor may reasonably periodically request, in the form, manner, and 
frequency requested by Franchisor. Each report will be signed or otherwise verified by Franchisee. 
15. 
INSURANCE 
(a) 
Insurance Coverage. Franchisee must obtain and maintain in effect for the 
Restaurant the minimum types and amounts of insurance coverage required by Franchisor as set 
forth in the Manuals (which minimum insurance requirements Franchisor, at its sole option, may 
change from time to time), including, without limitation, the following types of coverages: 
commercial general liability insurance, including bodily, property, personal and advertising injury 
coverage, products liability/completed operations insurance, and coverages for fire legal liability, 
and medical expenses; liquor liability insurance; All Risk property insurance, including fire and 
extended coverage, vandalism, and malicious mischief insurance for the replacement value of the 
Restaurant’s premises and its contents; building and personal property insurance coverage for 
physical loss or damage to personal property and real property, including leasehold improvements; 
Builders All Risk and vacant dwelling liability insurance; crime insurance, including employee 
dishonesty and loss of money and securities (both inside and outside the premises); automobile 
liability insurance for owned, non-owned, and hired vehicles (including, without limitation, any 
vehicles performing off-site sales or deliveries), including personal injury, wrongful death, and 
property damage; employment practices liability, employer’s liability, unemployment insurance 
and workers’ compensation insurance; umbrella liability insurance over the above-described 
general commercial general liability insurance, liquor liability, automobile liability, products 
liability/completed operations insurance, and employer’s liability insurance; and any other 
insurance Franchisee is required to carry and maintain by Applicable Law. The policies must be 
occurrence policies, and not claims-made policies. 
All required insurance must be written by reputable, financially responsible companies 
approved by Franchisor, that are duly licensed to operate within the jurisdictions in which the 
Restaurant is located, and such insurance companies must have and maintain an A.M. Best’s 
