 
 
32 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
Section 4(b). Subject to Applicable Law, Franchisor reserves the right to establish sales prices for 
menu items to be offered at the Restaurant. For any product or service for which Franchisor does 
not impose a maximum or minimum price, Franchisor may require Franchisee to comply with an 
advertising policy adopted by Franchisor which will prohibit Franchisee from advertising any price 
for a product or service that is different than Franchisor’s suggested retail price. Although 
Franchisee must comply with any advertising policy Franchisor adopts, Franchisee will not be 
prohibited from selling any product or service at a price above or below the suggested retail price 
unless Franchisor imposes a maximum price or minimum price for such product or service. 
(l) 
Marketing Cooperatives. Franchisor has the right to designate any geographic 
area in which two (2) or more franchised or company-owned Restaurants are located as a region 
for purposes of establishing a local or regional marketing cooperative. Each cooperative will be 
organized and governed as, and will begin operation on a date, Franchisor determines. 
Cooperatives will be organized for the exclusive purpose of administering advertising programs 
and developing promotional materials for local or regional advertising and will be operated solely 
as a conduit for the collection and expenditure of marketing contributions. If a local or regional 
cooperative is established for a geographic area that includes the Designated Area, Franchisee must 
execute any cooperative documents promptly upon Franchisor’s request and participate as a 
member of the cooperative. Among other things, this means that (i) Franchisee must submit to the 
cooperative and to Franchisor all statements and reports that Franchisor or the cooperative may 
require, and (ii) Franchisee must contribute to the cooperative the amounts required by the 
cooperative; provided, the maximum amount Franchisee must contribute to the cooperative will 
not exceed the then-current amount of the Local Marketing Expenditure.  Any contributions that 
Franchisee makes to a local or regional cooperative will be credited towards Franchisee’s Local 
Marketing Expenditure, but will not affect Franchisee’s obligations to contribute to the Brand 
Fund.  An unaudited accounting of the operation of the cooperative will be prepared annually by 
the cooperative, at the cooperative’s expense, and made available to cooperative members by the 
cooperative upon written request to the cooperative.  Franchisor has the sole right to form, change, 
dissolve, and merge cooperatives and to create and amend any organizational and governing 
documents of any cooperative. 
10. 
STANDARDS 
(a) 
Manuals. Franchisee will comply with Franchisor’s Standards as set forth in the 
Manuals and as may from time to time otherwise be prescribed in writing. Franchisor has provided 
to Franchisee one copy of each of its Manuals “on loan” for the Term. Franchisor may make the 
Manuals and related Standards available to Franchisee via the Intranet. Franchisor may 
periodically update and amend the Manuals and will notify Franchisee in writing of any such 
updates or amendments, which will thereupon become a part of the Manuals. Franchisee must 
comply with all written updates and amendments to the Manuals. In the event of a dispute relating 
to the contents of the Manuals, the master copy that Franchisor maintains at its principal office or 
on the Intranet, as designated by Franchisor, will prevail. If Franchisee’s hard copy of the Manuals 
is lost, destroyed or significantly damaged, Franchisee will obtain a replacement copy at the then-
applicable charge to reimburse cost of replacement. Franchisee will use the digital version of the 
Manuals in their current form available to Franchisee on the Intranet as instructed. Franchisee will 
treat the Manuals as confidential and maintain the information in the Manuals as Confidential 
