 
 
25 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
to time hereafter. The indemnification under Section 23 shall include all Losses and Expenses that 
may result from the exercise by Franchisor or its designee of the rights granted in this Section 6(n). 
7. 
COMPUTER SYSTEM AND POS SYSTEM 
(a) 
Computer System. Franchisee will purchase, use, and maintain the computer 
system at the Restaurant approved by Franchisor. Franchisor may periodically modify Standards 
for the computer system, and, if so, Franchisee will acquire, at its cost, such modified computer 
system and the computer hardware and software comprising the computer system within ninety 
(90) days from the date of Notice from Franchisor. Franchisor may, at its sole option, charge 
Franchisee for any computer usage costs that Franchisor incurs as a result of Franchisee’s use of 
the computer system, including but not limited to a systems fee for modifications of and 
enhancements made to Proprietary Software that Franchisor licenses to Franchisee and other 
maintenance and support services that Franchisor or its Affiliates furnish to Franchisee related to 
the computer system. Franchisee will have sole and complete responsibility for the acquisition, 
operation, maintenance, and upgrading of the computer system. 
Each party to this Agreement acknowledges and agrees that changes to technology are 
dynamic and not predictable within the term of this Agreement. In order to provide for inevitable 
but unpredictable changes to technological needs and opportunities, Franchisee agrees that 
Franchisor will have the right to establish, in writing, reasonable new Standards for the 
implementation of technology in the System; and Franchisee agrees to comply with those new 
Standards that Franchisor establishes. Franchisee will be solely responsible for all costs regarding 
required software, necessary hardware, installation, upgrades, enhancements or replacements. 
(b) 
POS System. Franchisee will purchase, use and maintain the POS System that 
Franchisor requires or otherwise approves in writing for the operation of the Restaurant. The POS 
System must be connected to a communications medium specified by Franchisor at all times and 
be capable of accessing the Internet via a designated third party network for the purpose of 
implementing software, transmitting and receiving data, accessing the Internet for ordering, and 
maintaining the POS System. Upon Notice from Franchisor, at Franchisee’s cost and expense, the 
POS System will be electronically linked to Franchisor’s (or its Affiliate’s) Intranet. Franchisee 
will provide Franchisor access to any POS System information, at such times and in such manner 
as established by Franchisor, with or without notice, to retrieve such transaction information, 
including customer, sales, sales mix, usage, and other operations data as Franchisor deems 
appropriate. Franchisee will apply for and maintain debit cards, credit cards or other non-cash 
systems existing or developed in the future as specified by Franchisor. Franchisor may require 
Franchisee to periodically update, upgrade or replace the POS System, including hardware and/or 
software, provided that Franchisee will not be required to replace the POS System any more 
frequently than once every five (5) years. 
(c) 
Proprietary Software. If Franchisor designates Proprietary Software, Franchisee 
will, at Franchisor’s written request, license or sublicense such software from Franchisor or its 
designee and enter into a software (sub)license agreement on Franchisor’s or such designee’s then-
current form. Franchisee will purchase any periodic upgrades, enhancements or replacements to 
the Proprietary Software at Franchisee’s sole cost and expense. Franchisor will provide to 
Franchisee support services relating to the Proprietary Software as Franchisor deems advisable at 
