 
 
26 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
which insurance carrier must have and maintain an A.M. Best’s Financial Strength Rating of A- 
(Excellent) or better and Financial Size Category of X or higher.  Currently, we require Developers 
to carry the following types of insurance: comprehensive and general liability insurance; crime 
insurance, including employee dishonesty and loss of money and securities (both inside and 
outside the premises); business interruption insurance; cyber liability; employment practices 
liability, unemployment insurance, and workers’ compensation insurance. 
At our request, you must furnish us with evidence of insurance coverage, including all schedules 
and endorsements that evidence coverage of us and our affiliates. If you fail or refuse to maintain 
any required insurance coverage, or to furnish satisfactory evidence to us, then we, at our sole 
option, and in addition to our other rights and remedies under the Franchise Agreement and/or 
Area Development Agreement, may obtain such insurance coverage on your behalf. If we do so, 
you must fully cooperate with our effort to obtain such insurance policies and pay us any costs and 
premiums that we incur. All policies must name us and our affiliates as additional insureds; include 
a waiver of subrogation provision or endorsement in favor of us and our affiliates; be primary and 
non-contributory to any other insurance that we or any of our affiliates has procured; provide for 
30 days’ prior written notice to us of any modification, cancellation, or expiration of such policy; 
and include such other provisions as we may require from time to time. 
Approval of Alternative Suppliers 
If we require an item or product to be purchased from an approved supplier and you wish to 
purchase it from a supplier we have not approved, you must submit to us a written request for 
approval. You must provide to us the proposed alternative supplier’s name, qualifications, and any 
other information we request, as well as samples, to enable us to evaluate whether the proposed 
item or product complies with our standards and specifications and whether the supplier meets our 
criteria. We also have the right to inspect the supplier’s facilities.  You must reimburse us for the 
costs that we incur in the supplier approval process, including the facility inspection. We will 
attempt to notify you of our approval or disapproval within 90 days after receipt of the written 
notice, requested information and samples, and facility inspection. The request will be deemed 
rejected if we do not approve the request in writing within such 90-day period. You may not 
purchase or lease the item or product from the supplier until and unless we have approved the 
supplier in writing. We can revoke our approval of any supplier at any time upon 30 days’ written 
notice to you. Our specifications for products and criteria for supplier approval are generally issued 
through written communications and are available to franchisees and approved suppliers. 
Revenue from Franchisee Purchases and Payments from Approved Suppliers 
Neither we nor our affiliates currently derive revenue or other material consideration from required 
purchases or leases that you make from us or from our affiliates, but we and our affiliates reserve 
the right to do so in the future. 
We or our affiliates may derive revenue or other consideration from your dealings with approved 
suppliers in the form of rebates, cash payments, discounts, promotional allowances, and/or other 
payments based on franchisees’ purchases from such approved suppliers. We or our affiliates may 
retain all of the rebates, commissions, or other consideration we or they are paid, and have the 
right to use these amounts without restriction (unless we or our affiliates agree otherwise with the 
