 
 
8 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
ITEM 5 
INITIAL FEES 
Initial Franchise Fee 
You must pay us an initial franchise fee of $50,000 when you sign the Franchise Agreement to 
develop a new Restaurant.  The initial franchise fee is uniform for all franchisees.  It is considered 
fully earned and non-refundable when paid. 
Development Fee 
When you sign the Area Development Agreement, you will pay a development fee of $10,000 
multiplied by the number of Restaurants to be developed under the Area Development Agreement 
(the “Development Fee”).  The formula for the Development Fee is uniform.  When you develop 
each Restaurant under the Area Development Agreement, you will sign our then-current form of 
Franchise Agreement.  In addition, you will pay us the initial franchise fee due under each such 
Franchise Agreement, which will be the then-current initial franchise fee. 
The Development Fee is calculated in the same manner for all franchisees entering into an Area 
Development Agreement under this offering, but the actual dollar amount paid will vary depending 
on the number of Restaurants you agree to develop.  The Development Fee is considered fully 
earned and non-refundable when paid. 
Opening Crew 
We provide an “Opening Crew” of our trained representatives to provide on-site pre-opening and 
opening training, supervision, and assistance to you based upon our assessment of the experience 
and training of your management personnel and support needed for your “Grand Opening” (See 
Item 11). You must reimburse us for the compensation, costs of travel, lodging, meals, and 
miscellaneous costs of the Opening Crew. No less than 30 days prior to your Grand Opening, you 
and we will determine a reasonable estimated budget of the costs and expenses of the Opening 
Crew to provide pre-opening assistance to you at your Restaurant (“Estimated Opening Budget”). 
We estimate that the costs for the Opening Crew will range from $10,000 to $20,000. Fifty percent 
of these costs, as stated in your Estimated Opening Budget, is due 20 days prior to your Grand 
Opening. The remainder is due within 30 days of your receipt of our invoice for the remaining 
balance. Upon payment, these costs are non-refundable. 
Site Evaluation Fee 
Within 120 days after the effective date of your Franchise Agreement (unless you have also 
executed an Area Development Agreement, in which case, site selection will be determined under 
the Area Development Agreement), you must locate and submit for our consent a proposed site 
for the Restaurant within the territory identified in your Franchise Agreement. Any site you 
propose for your Restaurant is always subject to our approval. If we determine that an evaluation 
of a site you propose for your Restaurant is required, you will pay a fee of $1,000 per site evaluated 
(the “Site Evaluation Fee”) and our reasonable costs for us or our representative to evaluate the 
