 
 
30 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
23. 
MISCELLANEOUS 
(a) 
Severability. Except as expressly provided to the contrary in this Agreement, each 
section, paragraph, term and provision of this Agreement, and any portion, will be considered 
severable, and if, for any reason, any such provision is held to be invalid or contrary to or in conflict 
with any applicable present or future law or regulation in a final, unappealable ruling issued by 
any court, agency or tribunal with competent jurisdiction in a proceeding to which Franchisor is a 
party, that ruling will not impair the operation of, or have any other effect upon, such other portions 
of this Agreement as may remain otherwise intelligible, which will continue to be given full force 
and effect and bind the Parties, although any portion held to be invalid will be deemed not to be a 
part of this Agreement from the date the time for appeal expires, if Developer is a party, otherwise 
upon Developer’s receipt of a Notice of non-enforcement from Franchisor. 
(b) 
Substitution of Valid Provisions. If any Applicable Law requires a greater prior 
notice than is required under this Agreement for the termination of this Agreement, or the taking 
of some other action not required under this Agreement, or if, under any Applicable Law, any 
provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, the prior notice and/or other action 
required by Applicable Law will be substituted for the comparable provisions of this Agreement. 
If any provision of this Agreement or any specification, standard, or operating procedure 
prescribed by Franchisor is invalid or unenforceable under Applicable Law, Franchisor will have 
the right, at Franchisor’s sole option, to modify such invalid or unenforceable provision, 
specification, standard, or operating procedure to the extent required to make it valid and 
enforceable under Applicable Law. 
(c) 
Effect of Delay, Waiver, Omission, or Forbearance. No delay, waiver, omission, 
or forbearance by Franchisor to exercise any right, option, duty, or power arising out of any breach 
or default by Developer, its Affiliates, or their respective Principals under this Agreement will 
constitute a waiver by Franchisor to enforce any such right, option, duty, or power against 
Developer, its Affiliates, or their respective Principals, or as to subsequent breach or default by 
Developer, its Affiliates, or their respective Principals. Subsequent acceptance by Franchisor of 
any payments due to it hereunder will not be deemed to be a waiver by Franchisor of any preceding 
breach by Developer, its Affiliates, or their respective Principals of any terms, provisions, 
covenants or conditions of this Agreement. 
(d) 
Binding Effect. This Agreement is binding upon the Parties and their respective 
executors, administrators, heirs, assigns and successors in interest. 
(e) 
Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including its Exhibits, addenda, and 
attachments) constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties, and supersedes any and all prior 
or contemporaneous negotiations, discussions, understandings, or agreements. There are no other 
oral or written understandings or agreements between Franchisor and Developer relating to the 
subject matter of this Agreement. Any representations not specifically contained in this Agreement 
made before entering into this Agreement do not survive after the signing of this Agreement.  As 
referenced above, all mandatory provisions of the Manuals are binding on Developer. Nothing in 
this Agreement or in any related agreement is intended to disclaim the representations Franchisor 
made in the Franchise Disclosure Document furnished to Developer. 
