 
 
51 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
You must participate in all market research programs that we require, which includes test-
marketing new products, purchasing a reasonable quantity of new products for test-marketing, and 
promoting the sale of the new products. You must provide us with timely reports and test results 
for all such programs. 
We may make available to you and may require you to purchase for resale to your customers 
certain merchandise like Fish & Chips logoed items and memorabilia in amounts as we require. 
You may not advertise, promote, post, or list information relating to the Restaurant on the Internet 
(through the creation of a website or otherwise), without our prior written consent. 
You may only offer catering, take-out, delivery, or online ordering with our prior written approval 
and in full compliance with our standards and specifications. You must receive our approval before 
using or participating in any online ordering system, whether owned or operated by you or by an 
Aggregator. We have the right to inspect any proposed online ordering system in connection with 
determining whether or not to grant such approval. Any delivering or catering services may be 
restricted to customers located in the Designated Area. Alternatively, we have the right to authorize 
you to perform delivery or catering services to customers located outside the Designated Area or 
to authorize other Fish & Chips Restaurants located outside the Designated Area, including those 
operated by us, our affiliates, or other franchisees, to perform delivery or catering services to 
customers located in the Designated Area. You may not ship Fish & Chips products, regardless of 
the destination, or distribute Fish & Chips products through wholesale channels, such as 
supermarkets, convenience stores or other retailers, or through food service providers, such as 
stores, third party distributors, or airlines through in-flight services, without our prior written 
consent. 
You may not install and offer vending machines or other activities (such as cigarette machines, 
pool, darts, gambling activities, video games, slot machines, and other gaming devices) unless we 
have given our prior written consent to you to do so.  We reserve the right to require you to use 
specified game consoles, vending machines, jukeboxes, or other entertainment devices or services 
that we designate. 
We reserve the right to require you to only play such music and video programming at your 
Restaurant that we have designated in the Manuals or approved in writing.  We reserve the right 
to require you to subscribe to specific music and television offerings at your Restaurant that we 
designate, including designated playlists, streaming services, specific television packages, 
premium channels, and/or other customized content distribution. 
We reserve the right to establish minimum and/or maximum prices you may charge for food and 
beverage products, as permitted by law. If we establish maximum or minimum prices (our “Menu 
Item Price Policy”), you will charge prices no higher than the maximum prices we specify and no 
lower than the minimum prices we specify. If you violate our Menu Item Price Policy, we may, at 
our sole option, increase your Royalty Fee up to 8% of Restaurant Revenue. 
