 
 
39 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
(o) 
Health Standards. 
(1) 
Franchisee will meet and maintain the highest health standards and ratings 
applicable to the operation of the Restaurant. Without limiting the foregoing, Franchisee and all 
required personnel shall obtain and maintain all necessary and required licenses and certificates 
for food service and food handling as may be required by Applicable Law and/or the Manuals. 
(2) 
Without limiting the foregoing, Franchisee will use the vendor designated 
by Franchisor for safety system development, assessment, compliance and management program 
services for the Restaurant at Franchisee’s expense. Franchisor will have access to and may use 
and disclose, as necessary, any information and data made available to Franchisee by such vendor 
through electronic or other means. Franchisee will fully cooperate with Franchisor regarding the 
foregoing including facilitating Franchisor’s access to such information and data and delivery of 
any information and data requested by Franchisor regarding Franchisee’s use of, and performance 
under, such safety system program services. 
(3) 
Franchisee will process and handle all consumer-related complaints 
connected with or relating to the Restaurant, and will promptly notify Franchisor by telephone and 
in writing of all of the following complaints: (A) food related illnesses, (B) safety or health 
violations, (C) claims exceeding Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00), (D) liquor license violations, 
and (E) any other non-trivial claims against or losses suffered by Franchisee. Franchisee will 
maintain for Franchisor’s inspection any inspection reports affecting the Restaurant or Operating 
Assets located in the Restaurant during the Term and for thirty (30) days after the expiration or 
termination hereof. 
(4) 
Franchisee will notify Franchisor in writing within forty-eight (48) hours of 
receipt of notice of any health or safety violation, the commencement of any action, suit, or 
proceeding, and of the issuance of any order, writ, injunction, award, or decree of any court, 
agency, or other governmental instrumentality. Franchisee will furnish to Franchisor, within forty-
eight (48) hours after receipt thereof, a copy of all inspection reports, warnings, citations, 
certificates, and/or ratings resulting from inspections conducted by any federal, state, or municipal 
agency with jurisdiction over the Restaurant.  Franchisee will notify Franchisor in writing within 
three (3) days’ occurrence of any accident or injury which may adversely affect the operation of 
the Restaurant or Franchisee’s financial condition, or give rise to liability or a claim against 
Franchisee or Franchisor. 
(5) 
Without limiting Franchisee’s obligation under Section 10(o)(2) above, 
Franchisor may require the Restaurant to be inspected at any time by Franchisor, Franchisor’s 
Affiliate, or a third-party company designated by Franchisor to evaluate the Restaurant’s 
compliance with Standards related to food safety, health, and sanitation, and Franchisee must fully 
cooperate with any such inspection.  Franchisee must engage an approved third-party vendor to 
perform food safety, assessment, monitoring, and compliance inspections (and re-inspections) of 
your Restaurant.  Franchisee will be solely responsible for paying the approved third-party 
vendor’s then-current fees; Franchisee may be required to reimburse Franchisor for the third-party 
vendor’s fees and costs rather than pay the third-party vendor directly, at Franchisor’s election.  
Franchisee must remediate any deficiency(ies) noted in a food safety, health, and sanitation 
inspection within seven (7) days of the failed food safety, health, and sanitation inspection. 
