 
 
32 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
Site Selection and Opening 
If you do not sign an Area Development Agreement, you will follow the site selection procedures 
outlined in the Franchise Agreement. The Franchise Agreement will identify the geographic area 
in which you may search for a site.  You are responsible for locating an acceptable site for your 
Restaurant within the territory identified in your Franchise Agreement. We anticipate that the 
premises for the majority of Fish & Chips Restaurants will be leased, but you are not prohibited 
from acquiring a site that we have approved.  Within 120 days following the effective date of your 
Franchise Agreement, you must locate and submit a report to us, with all of the information 
regarding the proposed site as required in the Manuals (“Site Report”).  We will consider 
information in your Site Report (which may include, without limitation, area maps, initial site 
plans, initial floor plans and layouts, initial business and operating plan (including Restaurant 
Revenue and expense projections), basic demographic and traffic pattern information, local 
transportation and parking facilities, and location of competing establishments).  If we determine 
that an evaluation of a proposed site for your Restaurant is required, we will conduct a site 
evaluation. You will pay us the Site Evaluation Fee and our reasonable fees and costs to evaluate 
the proposed site. These costs may vary depending on factors such as the proposed site location, 
travel expenses, and duration of the proposed site visit. We will attempt to approve or disapprove 
a proposed site within 60 days of receiving your completed Site Report.  If we disapprove a site, 
you must propose a new site (and submit a Site Report for such new proposed site) within 60 days.  
You must receive our written consent before developing the site pursuant to a Site Consent Letter. 
(Franchise Agreement, Section 6(a).) 
If you will lease the premises for the Restaurant, we must review the terms of the lease before you 
sign it. You are solely responsible for negotiating a lease for the premises. You must use your best 
efforts to ensure your landlord incorporates our terms into the lease. If your landlord refuses to do 
so, we may disapprove the lease, in which case you must find a new site for your Restaurant. You 
must send us a copy of your fully-executed lease (including any addenda or amendments thereto) 
for our records within 15 days after execution. (Franchise Agreement, Section 6(c).) 
You must open and begin operating your Restaurant by the required opening deadline identified 
in Exhibit C of your Franchise Agreement. If you fail to begin operations by the required opening 
deadline, we may terminate the Franchise Agreement. Alternatively, on a week-to-week basis in 
lieu of termination, we may require you to pay a Pre-Opening Royalty Fee until you open the 
Restaurant. The amount of the weekly Pre-Opening Royalty Fee is $3,000. If you fail to begin 
operations by the required opening deadline, we may terminate the Franchise Agreement at any 
time even if you had been paying the Pre-Opening Royalty Fee.  (Franchise Agreement, Sections 
6(f) and 20(c).) 
We estimate that the length of time between the signing of the Franchise Agreement, or the first 
payment of any consideration for the franchise, and the opening of your business will be 
approximately 12 to 18 months.  Factors that may affect this period include whether you have a 
site selected when you sign the Franchise Agreement; your ability to prepare the Site Report and 
obtain approval for a site; negotiation of the site’s lease and obtaining our approval of the lease; 
securing any necessary financing and obtaining our approval for any financing terms; your ability 
to locate and hire an architect and general contractor we approve, in addition to other qualified 
