 
 
66 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
(g) 
Construction. The preambles and Exhibits are a part of this Agreement. Nothing 
in this Agreement is intended, nor is deemed, to confer any rights or remedies upon any Person 
not a party to this Agreement. The singular usage includes the plural, the plural usage includes the 
singular, and the masculine and neuter usages include the other and the feminine. 
(h) 
Headings. The headings of the several sections and paragraphs are for convenience 
only and do not define, limit or construe the contents of such sections or paragraphs. 
(i) 
Multiple Copies. This Agreement may be executed in multiple copies, each of 
which will be deemed an original. 
30. 
WAIVER OF CONSUMER RIGHTS AND RELEASE 
(a) 
On behalf of Franchisee, the undersigned makes the following waiver under 
the Texas Deceptive Trade Practices Act:  Franchisee waives its rights under the Deceptive 
Trade Practices-Consumer Protection Act, Section 17.41 et seq., Business & Commerce 
Code, a law that gives consumers special rights and protections.  After consultation with an 
attorney of Franchisee’s own selection, Franchisee voluntarily consents to this waiver. 
(b) 
Franchisee, on behalf of itself and its current and former members, shareholders, 
officers, directors, principals, owners, agents, partners, employees, consultants, associates, 
representatives, affiliates, parent companies, subsidiaries, attorneys, spouses, heirs, predecessors, 
successors, and assigns, hereby fully and unconditionally releases and discharges Franchisor and 
its current and former parent companies, subsidiaries, Affiliates, members, partners, agents, 
principals, officers, directors, shareholders, employees, franchisees, representatives, consultants, 
associates, attorneys, insurance carriers, heirs, predecessors, successors, and assigns (collectively 
with Franchisor, the “Franchisor Parties”) of and from any and all claims, demands, obligations, 
actions, causes of action, liabilities, defenses, or damages of every kind and nature whatsoever, in 
law or in equity, whether known or unknown, from the beginning of time to the Effective Date, 
including, without limitation, any and all claims arising under federal, state, or local law 
(including, without limitation, any state or federal franchise or business opportunity law) or arising 
out of or relating to the Agreement, any Restaurants, or any relationship, agreement, or transaction 
with any of the Franchisor Parties, however characterized or described. 
If Franchisee is a resident of California or if any Restaurant owned or operated by 
Franchisee is located in California, the following will apply: 
Section 1542 Acknowledgment. Franchisee recognizes that it may have some claim, demand, 
obligation, action, liability, defense, or damage against the Franchisor Parties of which it is totally 
unaware and unsuspecting, which Franchisee is are giving up by executing this Agreement 
(including this release).  Nonetheless, it is the intention of Franchisee in executing this Agreement 
(including this release) that this instrument, (i) be and is a general release that is effective as a bar 
to each and every claim, demand, obligation, action, liability, defense, or damage released by 
Franchisee, and (ii) will deprive Franchisee of each and every such claim, demand, obligation, 
action, liability, defense, or damage and prevent Franchisee from asserting it against the Franchisor 
Parties.  In furtherance of this intention, Franchisee expressly waives any rights or benefits 
