 
 
2 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
& Bar; Restaurant Gordon Ramsay; Petrus by Gordon Ramsay; Restaurant 1890 by Gordon 
Ramsay; The River Restaurant by Gordon Ramsay; Lucky Cat; Savoy Grill; Heddon Street 
Kitchen; Gordon Ramsay Plane Food; Gordon Ramsay Academy; and Pizza East. 
Our affiliate, Gordon Ramsay Holdings International Limited (“GRHIL”), has offered licenses for 
Street Pizza restaurants internationally outside of the United States since 2021, including in the 
United Arab Emrites, Malaysia, Qatar, Thailand, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, and India.  Our 
affiliate, GR South Korea Ltd., has offered licenses for Street Pizza restaurants since 2021.  As of 
the issuance date of this Disclosure Document, there are four licensed Street Pizza restaurants open 
in the United Arab Emirates, Malaysia, Qatar, and Thailand.  The principal business address for 
GRHIL and GR South Korea Ltd. is 539-547 Wandsworth Road, London, England, SW8 3JD, 
United Kingdom. 
Our affiliate, GRNA Street Pizza Group LLC (“GRNA Street Pizza”) is a Delaware limited 
liability company formed on May 9, 2022.  GRNA Street Pizza has, since 2025, offered franchises 
for the operation of a casual dining, full-service restaurant that serves lunch and dinner, offers full 
liquor service, and features a bottomless pizza menu, which includes dessert and side items such 
as fries, salads, macaroni and cheese, ice cream, sticky toffee pudding, and other related items, 
under the “Street Pizza” and “Street Pizza Gordon Ramsay” trade names and business system. As 
of the issuance date of this Disclosure Document, there is one standalone company-owned Street 
Pizza restaurant operating in the United States and three company-owned Street Pizza restaurants 
in the United Kingdom.  Our affiliate, GRNA SP of DC LLC, a District of Columbia limited 
liability company formed on July 15, 2021, operates one Street Pizza restaurant in Washington, 
D.C.  In addition, there is one Street Pizza station within the Gordon Ramsay Food Market in 
Cherokee, North Carolina, which is operated by a licensee pursuant to a license agreement with 
our affiliate, IPH2. This Street Pizza station has been operating in the Gordon Ramsay Food 
Market since April 26, 2022. 
Our affiliate, GRNA RK Group LLC (“GRNA RK”) is a Delaware limited liability company 
formed on June 20, 2024.  GRNA RK will, in 2025, offer franchises for the operation of a causal 
but sophisticated restaurant that features well-known favorites, such as Beef Wellington and sticky 
toffee pudding, but also a menu catered to local cuisine, along with signature cocktails under the 
“Ramsay’s Kitchen” and “Ramsay’s Kitchen by Gordon Ramsay” trade names and business 
system. As of the issuance date of this Disclosure Document, there are three company-owned 
Ramsay’s Kitchen restaurants operating in the United States. 
Our affiliate, HK Restaurant Ventures, LLC (“HKR”) is a Delaware limited liability company 
formed on December 6, 2016.  HKR has never conducted or offered franchises of the Fish & Chips 
brand.  Since 2016, HKR has offered licenses in the United States to operate restaurants under the 
Hell’s Kitchen brand within hotels, casinos and resorts.  As of the issuance date of this Disclosure 
Document, there are five licensed Hell’s Kitchen restaurants open and operating in hotels, casinos, 
and resorts throughout the United States.  HKR’s principal place of business is Mitchell Silberberg 
& Knupp LLP, 11377 West Olympic Boulevard, Los Angeles, California 90064. 
IPH2 is a Delaware limited liability company formed on March 11, 2019.  Since 2019, IPH2 has 
offered licenses in the United States to operate restaurants under the following brands within 
hotels, casinos and resorts: Ramsay’s Kitchen, Gordon Ramsay Fish & Chips, Gordon Ramsay 
