 
 
40 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
instruction, and on-the-job instruction. Our initial training program is subject to change, without 
notice, to reflect updates in the materials, methods, and Manuals and changes in personnel. 
Below is a summary of the subject matters, hours of classroom training, hours of on-the-job 
training, and the location for our Approved Management Training. 
TRAINING PROGRAM 
Subject 
Hours of 
Classroom 
Training 
Hours of 
On-The-
Job 
Training 
Location 
Front of House 
(Service) 
12–15 
24–36 
Our corporate office and/or a 
Restaurant we designate 
Back of House 
(Culinary) 
12–15 
24–36 
Our corporate office and/or a 
Restaurant we designate 
Management 
24–30 
180–240 
Our corporate office and/or a 
Restaurant we designate 
TOTAL 
48–60 
228–312 
 
We will provide you with one or more of training personnel (the “Opening Crew”) to provide on-
site training at your Restaurant in connection with the opening of a Restaurant.  Such on-site 
training, which will involve approximately 16 hours of classroom training and 40 hours of on-the-
job training, may occur before or after the Restaurant’s grand opening.  The Opening Crew will 
consist of up to two culinary and two service support team members. On-site training by the 
Opening Crew will occur three days before opening and up to one to two weeks after opening, 
depending on the progress made by you and your staff. You must reimburse us for all reasonable 
costs and expenses we incur in providing the Opening Crew, including salaries, wages, personnel 
costs, travel, lodging, meals, and other living expenses and miscellaneous costs.  (Franchise 
Agreement, Section 5(b).)  Except as otherwise provided in this Item 11, you will be responsible 
for training all Restaurant personnel under the specifications and standards. 
At our option, we may provide continuing training from time to time.  You, your management-
level personnel, and other Restaurant personnel we designate must attend and complete any 
continuing training programs or seminars that we require.  Currently, we require your 
management-level personnel, and other Restaurant personnel as we designate, to attend or 
participate in continuing training approximately every 6 months, typically by telephone conference 
calls or quality assurance visits to your Restaurant. Such continuing training will pertain to updates 
to the System or brand standards designed to maintain best-in-class operations for Fish & Chips 
Restaurants.  You may be required to pay our then-current training fee for any continuing training, 
although we currently do not charge a training fee for the above-described continuing training.  
You will be responsible for all costs and expenses related to any training, including travel, lodging, 
meals, and other miscellaneous costs. (Franchise Agreement, Section 5(d); Area Development 
Agreement, Section 11(e).) 
