 
 
31 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
(f) 
Modification.  Except as expressly permitted herein, this Agreement may not be 
modified or amended except by a written agreement signed by both Developer and Franchisor.  
Any e-mail correspondence or other form of informal electronic communication will not be 
deemed to modify this Agreement unless such communication is signed by both Parties and 
specifically states that it is intended to modify this Agreement. However, notwithstanding the 
foregoing, Franchisor unilaterally may periodically modify the Manuals as provided in this 
Agreement. 
(g) 
Construction. The preambles and Exhibits are a part of this Agreement. Nothing 
in this Agreement is intended, nor is deemed, to confer any rights or remedies upon any Person 
not a party to this Agreement. The singular usage includes the plural, the plural usage includes the 
singular, and the masculine and neuter usages include the other and the feminine. 
(h) 
Headings. The headings of the several sections and paragraphs are for convenience 
only and do not define, limit or construe the contents of such sections or paragraphs. 
(i) 
Multiple Copies. This Agreement may be executed in multiple copies, each of 
which will be deemed an original. 
24. 
WAIVER OF CONSUMER RIGHTS AND RELEASE 
(a) 
On behalf of Developer, the undersigned makes the following waiver under the 
Texas Deceptive Trade Practices Act:  Developer waives its rights under the Deceptive Trade 
Practices-Consumer Protection Act, Section 17.41 et seq., Business & Commerce Code, a law 
that gives consumers special rights and protections.  After consultation with an attorney of 
Developer’s own selection, Developer voluntarily consents to this waiver. 
(b) 
Developer, on behalf of itself and its current and former members, shareholders, 
officers, directors, principals, owners, agents, partners, employees, consultants, associates, 
representatives, affiliates, parent companies, subsidiaries, attorneys, spouses, heirs, predecessors, 
successors, and assigns, hereby fully and unconditionally releases and discharges Franchisor and 
its current and former parent companies, subsidiaries, Affiliates, members, partners, agents, 
principals, officers, directors, shareholders, employees, Developers, representatives, consultants, 
associates, attorneys, insurance carriers, heirs, predecessors, successors, and assigns (collectively 
with Franchisor, the “Franchisor Parties”) of and from any and all claims, demands, obligations, 
actions, causes of action, liabilities, defenses, or damages of every kind and nature whatsoever, in 
law or in equity, whether known or unknown, from the beginning of time to the Effective Date, 
including, without limitation, any and all claims arising under federal, state, or local law 
(including, without limitation, any state or federal franchise or business opportunity law) or arising 
out of or relating to the Agreement, any Restaurants, or any relationship, agreement, or transaction 
with any of the Franchisor Parties, however characterized or described. 
If Developer is a resident of California or if any Restaurant owned or operated by 
Developer is located in California, the following will apply: 
Section 1542 Acknowledgment. Developer recognizes that it may have some claim, demand, 
obligation, action, liability, defense, or damage against the Franchisor Parties of which it is totally 
