 
 
13 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
from the terms of this Agreement, including, without limitation, a higher percentage Royalty Fee, 
a higher Brand Fund Contribution, or Local Marketing Expenditure requirement, or a more 
restrictive Designated Area; provided that Franchisee must pay to Franchisor, in lieu of an Initial 
Franchise Fee, a Renewal Fee, plus all amounts necessary to reimburse Franchisor for its 
reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses associated with renewing the franchise, including, 
without limitation, legal and accounting fees. 
(7) 
Approved Management Training. Franchisee must comply with 
Franchisor’s then-current qualification and training requirements. 
(8) 
Release. Franchisee, any Principal, and any guarantor must execute a 
general release, in a form satisfactory to Franchisor, of any and all claims against Franchisor and 
its Affiliates, successors and assigns, their respective officers, directors, shareholders, partners, 
members, agents, representatives, independent contractors, servants and employees, in their 
corporate and individual capacities, including, without limitation, claims arising under this 
Agreement and Applicable Law. 
(9) 
Liquor License. Franchisee must be able to maintain all licenses and 
permits, including but not limited to a liquor license, necessary to continue to operate the 
Restaurant at the location for the Renewal Term. 
(c) 
Holdover. In the event the parties continue to perform under this Agreement after 
expiration of the Initial Term or any Renewal Term, as applicable, without executing a new 
agreement, this Agreement will be deemed to extend on a month-to-month basis and both parties 
will have the right to terminate (and prevent further extensions of) this Agreement upon at least 
thirty (30) days’ written Notice. 
4. 
FEES 
Franchisee must pay the fees to Franchisor in accordance with the following provisions: 
(a) 
Initial Franchise Fee. On the Effective Date, Franchisee must pay to Franchisor 
the non-refundable Initial Franchise Fee. 
(b) 
Royalty Fee. Franchisee must pay to Franchisor a non-refundable Royalty Fee. 
Franchisor may, at its sole option, increase that fee up to eight percent (8%) of Restaurant Revenue 
if Franchisee fails to comply with the Menu Item Price Policy described in Section 9(k). 
(c) 
Brand Fund Contribution. Franchisee must pay to Franchisor a non-refundable 
Brand Fund Contribution. 
(d) 
Other Fees. Franchisee must pay such other fees or amounts described in this 
Agreement. 
(e) 
Tax. Any and all amounts expressed as being payable pursuant to this Agreement 
are exclusive of any applicable Taxes. Franchisee is obligated to pay all Taxes, including, without 
limitation, federal, state, and local income, sales, use and other Taxes, fees, duties, and similar 
