 
 
31 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
personnel in attending such events will be your responsibility. (Franchise Agreement, 
Section 5(e); Area Development Agreement, Section 11(e).) 
3. 
Provide you with any updates or changes to our standards, including as set forth in the 
Manual. (Franchise Agreement, Section 10(a), 10(h).) 
4. 
At our option, we may establish and maintain an Intranet for the franchise system.  
(Franchise Agreement, Section 7(d).) 
5. 
As we deem necessary and appropriate, monitor the Restaurant’s compliance with our 
standards. From time to time, we (or our affiliates or designees) may inspect and examine 
the Restaurant, its premises, and your books, records, accounts, and tax returns, and may 
evaluate the Restaurant’s products and services, to maintain the high standards of quality, 
appearance and service of the System, in person or remotely by telephone where possible. 
We may provide recommendations consistent with the standards for improving your 
business operations.  (Franchise Agreement, Sections 10(k)-(o), 14, 16(d).) 
6. 
As we deem necessary and appropriate, develop products or services to be offered by you 
to your customers; improve and develop the System; and assist you with resolving 
operational issues. (Franchise Agreement, Sections 5 and 10.) 
7. 
Establish, and once established, administer, the Brand Fund for the creation and 
development of marketing, advertising, and related programs and materials.  We will direct 
all advertising and marketing programs under the Brand Fund. For additional information, 
see “Advertising” below. (Franchise Agreement, Section 9.) 
8. 
We will furnish you with samples of advertising, marketing formats, and promotional 
formats.  We will review and approve or disapprove all new proposed advertising and 
promotional material you seek to use in connection with the Restaurant.  For additional 
information, see “Advertising” below. (Franchise Agreement, Section 9.) 
9. 
Provide you with guidelines on pricing policies. Subject to applicable law, we may set 
minimum and/or maximum prices for certain menu items. You have the right to sell your 
food products and merchandise and offer services at any prices you may determine, so long 
as your prices are no higher or lower than we establish in our menus, Manuals, or otherwise 
in writing (“Menu Item Price Policy”). If you violate our Menu Item Price Policy, we may, 
at our sole option, increase your Royalty Fee up to 8% of Restaurant Revenue. (Franchise 
Agreement, Sections 9(i), 9(j) and 9(k).) 
10. 
If we elect to do so, establish policies regarding gift cards, stored value cards, loyalty 
programs, or related marketing items.  (Franchise Agreement, Section 8.) 
Except as described above, we do not have any obligation to provide you with assistance regarding 
the development and operation of your Restaurant. 
 
