 
 
34 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
nationally through our website.  You are required to authorize us to identify and promote your 
Restaurant on our website and further authorize us to modify our website and to conduct 
promotions on a system-wide basis, and you and your Restaurant will participate in all such 
promotions.  You are prohibited from establishing or utilizing your own website, mobile apps 
appearing on smartphones or other electronic devices (including, for example, from Android 
Marketplace or the Apple Store), or social media webpage to promote your Restaurant, except with 
our prior written consent.  (Franchise Agreement, Sections 9(j).) 
We reserve the right to establish and, when established, administer, or allow our affiliate to 
administer, advertising, marketing and promotion funds (collectively, the “Brand Fund”) for the 
system-wide promotion of the brand and for the creation and development of marketing, 
advertising, and related programs and materials, including electronic, print, and Internet media, as 
well as the planning and purchasing of national, regional, and/or local advertising. As of the 
issuance date of this Disclosure Document, we have not yet established the Brand Fund. The Brand 
Fund will be intended to maximize recognition of our trademarks and patronage of Restaurants. 
Although the Brand Fund is not yet operational, we do not expect that any portion of the Brand 
Fund will be used for marketing that is principally a solicitation for the sale of franchises, but the 
application of the Brand Fund may indirectly benefit franchise sales. (Franchise Agreement, 
Section 9(a).) 
Once the Brand Fund is established, you will be required to make a continuous, monthly 
contribution to the Brand Fund (“Brand Fund Contribution”) in an amount of 0.5% of the 
Restaurant Revenue of your Restaurant. As of the date of this Disclosure Document, all of our 
franchisees under the System and all of our company- or affiliate-owned outlets will be required 
to contribute this percentage of their Restaurant Revenue to the Brand Fund. We may also require 
certain vendors or suppliers contribute to the Brand Fund. We may adjust the required amount of 
your Brand Fund Contribution at any time upon 30 days’ prior written notice to you, provided the 
combined total of the Brand Fund Contribution and the amount you are required to spend on local 
marketing (as further described below) for your Restaurant will not exceed 4% of Restaurant 
Revenue of your Restaurant.  (Franchise Agreement, Sections 9(a), 9(e).) 
We will direct all advertising and marketing programs that the Brand Fund finances, with sole 
control over the creative concepts and materials, research methods, sponsorships, and 
endorsements used and their geographic, market, and media placement and allocation.  We may 
use the Brand Fund to pay the costs of research, creation and production of video, audio, electronic, 
and written advertising and marketing programs; administration of regional, multiregional, and 
national advertising and marketing programs, product and customer research and surveys, and 
testing and related development activities; promotional events; purchasing, participating in, 
developing, maintaining, and updating online, social media, print, radio, television, and billboard 
advertising and programming; employing marketing, social media, advertising and promotional 
agencies to assist therewith; conducting community relations activities; supporting public 
relations; creation and maintenance of websites and online presence; and such other advertising, 
marketing, and promotional activities as we determine are appropriate. The Brand Fund may 
provide you with samples of advertising, marketing formats, promotional formats, and other 
materials at no cost as we deem appropriate, but you will be responsible for the cost of purchasing 
multiple copies of such materials if you want to use them, and you will be responsible for the cost 
