 
1 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
This Franchise Agreement (“Agreement”) is made and entered into as of the Effective 
Date by and between Franchisor and Franchisee. 
RECITALS: 
WHEREAS, Franchisor developed, and has the right to license the use of, the System for 
establishing and operating Restaurants under the Brand and utilizing the System and Marks; 
WHEREAS, Franchisee desires to use the System and Marks in connection with the 
operation of a Restaurant; and 
WHEREAS, in reliance on Franchisee’s representations, warranties, covenants and 
agreements set forth herein, Franchisor desires to grant Franchisee a franchise for the 
establishment and operation of a Restaurant upon the terms and conditions set forth in this 
Agreement; 
NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties, in consideration of the mutual obligations provided for 
in this Agreement and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which 
are hereby acknowledged, agree as follows: 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
Certain initially capitalized terms used frequently in this Agreement are defined in this 
Section 1. Other terms are defined elsewhere in this Agreement in the context in which they arise. 
(a) 
“Affiliate” means, with respect to a named Person, any Person that is Controlled 
by, Controlling or under common Control with the named Person. 
(b) 
“Aggregator” means a third-party aggregator (including, as an example and 
without limitation, Grubhub, Doordash, or Uber Eats) or a third-party logistics provider (including, 
as an example and without limitation, Amazon). 
(c) 
“Anti-Corruption Laws” means the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, 
as amended, and all similar laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to Franchisee 
from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. 
(d) 
“Anti-Terrorism Laws” means the U.S. Patriot Act (Public Law 107- 56), U.S. 
Executive 
Order 
13224 
(text 
available 
at 
http://www.treas.gov/offices/enforcement/ofac/legal/eo/13224.pdf), and any similar Applicable 
Law prohibiting money laundering or the aid or support of Persons who conspire to commit acts 
of terror against any Person or government. 
(e) 
“Applicable Data Protection Law” means U.S. laws, rules, and regulations 
applicable to privacy and security of Personal Information, including, but not limited to, the 
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act. 
