 
 
47 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
without the consent of Franchisee or any Principal, and inures to the benefit of any assignee, 
transferee, or other legal successor to the interests of Franchisor. 
(b) 
Transfer by Franchisee. Franchisee understands and acknowledges that the rights 
and duties created by this Agreement are personal to Franchisee, and that Franchisor has granted 
rights under this Agreement in reliance on the business skill, financial capacity and personal 
character of Franchisee. Accordingly, no Transfer is permitted or authorized without Franchisor’s 
prior written approval, which will not be unreasonably withheld. 
(c) 
Conditions for Approval of Transfer. If the Transfer is of this Agreement or 
Control, or is one of a series of Transfers (regardless of the time period over which such Transfers 
occur) which in the aggregate constitute the Transfer of this Agreement or Control of Franchisee, 
Franchisor will approve a Transfer, in its sole discretion, only if all of the following conditions are 
met during the Term and prior to or concurrently with the proposed effective date of the Transfer, 
as noted below: 
(1) 
Franchisee has paid all Royalty Fees and other amounts owed to Franchisor 
and its Affiliates, submitted all required reports and statements and otherwise are in full 
compliance with this Agreement. 
(2) 
The proposed transferee (and its direct and indirect principals): (i) have 
sufficient business experience, aptitude and financial resources to operate the Restaurant; (ii) are 
individuals of good character and otherwise meet Franchisor’s then-applicable Standards for 
Restaurant franchisees; (iii) are not engaged and will not engage in the operation or ownership of 
a Competitive Business, and will engage only in the operation of the Restaurant; and (iv) will 
cooperate with reasonable due diligence as requested by Franchisor prior to the proposed effective 
date of the Transfer. 
(3) 
The transferee (or its principals) must provide Franchisor with a business 
plan for the Restaurant acceptable to Franchisor, agree to employ qualified and trained personnel 
for the Restaurant, including those positions identified in Section 13 (for the avoidance of doubt, 
transferee may, at its option, retain Persons currently employed by Franchisee at the Restaurant), 
and agree to complete Approved Management Training. 
(4) 
The transferee (and its principals) executes Franchisor’s then-current form 
of franchise agreement and any ancillary documents Franchisor requires for Restaurant franchisees 
(and their principals). 
(5) 
The transferee, at its sole expense, will renovate, modernize, and otherwise 
upgrade the Restaurant to conform to the then-current Standards, and will complete the upgrading 
and other requirements within the time specified by Franchisor. 
(6) 
Franchisee and the transferee (and its principals) have agreed to the terms 
of a purchase and sale agreement for the Operating Assets and assumption of any lease of the 
premises and any applicable equipment, and Franchisor must have approved all terms and 
conditions of the Transfer, including that the price and terms of payment are not so burdensome 
as to adversely affect the operation of the Restaurant by the transferee. 
