 
 
51 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
of this Agreement, this restriction will apply to any Competitive Business located (i) within the 
Designated Area; (ii) at or within three (3) miles of the Restaurant that Franchisee operated under 
this Agreement; or (iii) within three (3) miles of any Restaurant then operating or under 
construction in the Designated Area, except as approved in writing by Franchisor. If any part of 
these restrictions is found to be unreasonable in time or distance, each month of time or mile of 
distance may be deemed a separate unit so that the time or distance may be reduced by appropriate 
order of the court to that deemed reasonable. 
(b) 
Customer Data. As between Franchisor and Franchisee, all information, mailing 
lists, and databases of Customer Data, from whatever source derived, will be Franchisor’s sole 
property and constitutes Confidential Information of Franchisor. Franchisee, its Affiliates, and 
their respective Principals will not use such information, except in connection with the Restaurant 
in accordance with this Agreement. Franchisee, its Affiliates, and their respective Principals will 
not use, process, copy, display, publish, store, or transfer the Customer Data without Franchisor’s 
written approval. Franchisee, its Affiliates, and their respective Principals will fully comply with 
all Applicable Law with respect to Customer Data, other Personal Information, and PCI-DSS 
requirements. 
(c) 
Non-Disclosure of Confidential Information. Franchisee, its Affiliates, and each 
of their respective Principals acknowledge that all Confidential Information is economically 
valuable, that such value is derived from such Confidential Information not being generally known 
to others, that reasonable efforts have been taken by Franchisor to maintain the secrecy and 
confidentiality of Confidential Information, and that Franchisee has entered into this Agreement 
in order to use such Confidential Information to the economic benefit of Franchisee. Franchisee, 
its Affiliates, and their respective Principals will not use, duplicate, or disclose to others any 
Confidential Information other than as specifically authorized by Franchisor in writing. To the 
extent that any Confidential Information is to be provided to Franchisee’s employees and advisors, 
Franchisee must ensure that each of them uses such Confidential Information solely in connection 
with their respective roles with the Restaurant and each executes a confidentiality and non-
disclosure agreement in a form prescribed by Franchisor consistent with the foregoing. 
(d) 
Ownership. All Confidential Information furnished or disclosed by Franchisor to 
Franchisee, its Affiliates, or their respective Principals or otherwise obtained by Franchisee, its 
Affiliates, or their respective Principals is and will remain the property of Franchisor. Any 
reproductions, notes, summaries or similar documents relating to the Confidential Information, 
and any files, memoranda, reports, price lists, proprietary information, and other documents 
relating to System, including but not limited to Customer Data, will become and will remain the 
property of Franchisor immediately upon their creation. Upon expiration or termination of this 
Agreement, Franchisee will immediately return all copies of such materials to Franchisor. 
Franchisee must promptly reveal to Franchisor any discoveries, inventions, innovations or 
improvements made by Franchisee, its Affiliates, or their respective Principals, personnel or 
independent contractors relating to System, or any Confidential Information. Further, all 
proprietary interests in any devices, information, know-how, materials, methods, processes and 
techniques utilizing those discoveries, inventions, innovations and improvements are Franchisor’s 
property. Where certain Confidential Information or proprietary interests in this Section 19(d) do 
not automatically vest in Franchisor, Franchisee hereby assigns, transfers and conveys (and agrees 
