 
 
 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
Despite anything to the contrary in the Franchise Agreement and Area Development Agreement, 
the following provisions will supersede and apply to all Franchises offered and sold in the State of 
Indiana: 
1. 
The laws of the State of Indiana supersede any provisions of the Franchise 
Disclosure Document, Franchise Agreement, Area Development Agreement, or 
Texas law, if such provisions are in conflict with Indiana law. 
2. 
The prohibition by Indiana Code 23-2-2.7-1(7) against unilateral termination of the 
Franchise without good cause or in bad faith, good cause being defined under law 
as including any material breach of the agreement, will supersede the provisions of 
the Franchise Agreement or Area Development Agreement relating to termination 
for cause, to the extent those provisions may be inconsistent with such prohibition. 
3. 
Any provision in the Franchise Agreement or Area Development Agreement that 
would require you to prospectively assent to a release, assignment, novation, waiver 
or estoppel which purports to relieve any person from liability imposed by the 
Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Law is void to the extent that such provision 
violates such law. 
4. 
The covenant not to compete that applies after the expiration or termination of the 
Franchise Agreement and Area Development Agreement for any reason is hereby 
modified to the extent necessary to comply with Indiana Code 23-2-2.7-1(9). 
5. 
The following provision will be added to the Franchise Agreement and Area 
Development Agreement: 
No Limitation on Litigation.  Despite the foregoing provisions of this Agreement, 
any provision in the Agreement which limits in any manner whatsoever litigation 
brought for breach of the Agreement will be void to the extent that any such 
contractual provision violates the Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Law. 
6. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a 
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall 
have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, 
including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement 
made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the 
franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in 
connection with the franchise. 
