 
 
63 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
this Agreement.  The parties hereto agree that seeking and obtaining such interim or preliminary 
relief will not waive such Franchisor’s right to arbitration. 
(e) 
Jurisdiction and Venue. With respect to all suits, actions, or other legal 
proceedings seeking interim or provisional relief as provided in Section 26(d) or recognition, 
enforcement, or collection of any award issued by an arbitrator, each of the Parties hereto submits 
to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal or state courts encompassing Dallas, Texas. Each of the 
Parties agree that such court is a reasonable venue and each waives and agrees not to assert by way 
of motion, defense, or otherwise, any claim that it is not subject to the jurisdiction of such court, 
that such suit is brought in an inconvenient forum, or that the venue of the suit is improper. Each 
of the Parties also consents to the service of any process, summons, pleadings, notice or other 
papers in the manner permitted by the notice provisions of Section 28 hereof. 
(f) 
No Class Action.  The Parties hereto agree that any actions related to a dispute will 
be conducted on an individual basis, and not as part of a common, consolidated, or class action. 
(g) 
Claims Not a Defense.  Each Party hereto expressly agrees that the existence of 
any claims it may have against the other Party hereto, whether or not arising from this Agreement, 
will not constitute a defense to the enforcement by such Party hereto of any of the rights under this 
Agreement. Further, a notice of, or request for, arbitration will not operate to stay, postpone, or 
rescind the effectiveness of any demand for performance or notice of termination. 
(h) 
Limitation of Claims. Except with regard to Franchisee’s obligations to make 
payments to Franchisor pursuant to this Agreement and claims related to Franchisee’s 
unauthorized use of the Marks or Confidential Information and notwithstanding any other 
applicable statute of limitations under Applicable Law, any and all claims arising out of or relating 
to this Agreement or the relationship among Franchisee, its Affiliates, and their respective 
Principals and Franchisor and/or its Affiliates arising out of, from, or related to this Agreement 
will be barred unless an action, proceeding, or arbitration is commenced within two (2) years from 
the date the cause of action accrues. 
(i) 
Waiver of Damages. Except with respect to the exclusions set forth in this Section 
26(g), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and as provided below, Franchisor and 
Franchisee waive any right to or claim of any punitive, exemplary, treble, incidental, indirect, 
Consequential Damages or other similar damages against Franchisor, Franchisee, Principal, any 
of their respective Affiliates and each of their respective officers, directors, shareholders, partners, 
agents, representatives, independent contractors, servants and employees, in their business Entity 
and individual capacities, arising out of any cause whatsoever (whether such cause be based in 
contract, negligence, strict liability, other tort, statutory or otherwise). However, the foregoing 
waiver will not apply to any claim (a) by any Party for attorneys’ fees or costs and expenses under 
this Agreement; (b) for any damages whatsoever, including, without limitation, Consequential 
Damages, for adverse harm to Gordon Ramsay, the Marks, or the System; (c) for any payments 
owed under this Agreement, including, without limitation, under Section 4 or Section 20; or (d) 
indemnification and damages for any claims arising under or covered by Section 23. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if any other term of this Agreement 
is found or determined to be unconscionable or unenforceable for any reason, the foregoing 
