 
 
5 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
(kk) 
“Marks” means the Brand’s trademark and service mark and such other 
trademarks, trade names, service marks, logos, slogans, emblems and other indicia of origin as are 
now designated, and may hereafter be designated, by Franchisor in writing for use in connection 
with the System. 
(ll) 
(“New Business” means any restaurant business or restaurant franchise relationship 
commenced by Developer, directly or indirectly, with any third party after the Effective Date. 
(mm) “Notice” means any notice, demand, request, consent, approval, and other 
communication in writing required or permitted to be given or which is to be given with respect to 
this Agreement. 
(nn) 
“Offering Fee” means a payment in the amount set forth in the Summary Page that 
will be owed to Franchisor in connection with any offerings of debt or any Equity Interest of 
Developer, Developer’s Affiliate, or any of their Principals as set forth in Section 12(g). 
(oo) 
“Party” means either Franchisor or Developer individually. 
(pp) 
“Parties” means Franchisor and Developer collectively. 
(qq) 
“PCI-DSS” means the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard. 
(rr) 
“Permanently Disabled” or “Permanent Disability” means being subject to any 
physical, emotional, or mental injury, illness, or incapacity that prevents Developer or any 
Principal holding a Controlling Interest in Developer from performing his or her obligations under 
this Agreement or any other related agreement for at least ninety (90) consecutive days, and from 
which recovery is unlikely within ninety (90) days from the date such Person is determined to be 
Permanently Disabled. If the Parties hereto disagree as to whether a Person is “Permanently 
Disabled” the determination will be made by a licensed practicing physician, selected by 
Franchisor, upon examination of the Person, or, if the Person refuses to submit to an examination, 
then for purposes of this paragraph, the Person will automatically be considered Permanently 
Disabled as of the date of refusal. 
(ss) 
“Person” means any natural person or Entity. 
(tt) 
“Personal Information” means information that identifies, relates to, or could 
reasonably be linked to individuals, including, but not limited to, Developer’s customers, 
employees, and independent contractors, and business contacts. 
(uu) 
“Principal” means, collectively or individually, the Persons holding a direct or 
indirect Equity Interest of greater than five percent (5%) in Developer or in any Affiliate of 
Developer, and any director or officer thereof. 
(vv) 
“Reserved Areas” means locations providing services other than those offered by 
Restaurants, including, without limitation, airports and other transportation facilities, universities, 
military bases, reservations, office buildings, hospitals, hotels, casinos, stadiums, and other mass 
gathering locations or events. 
