 
 
26 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
rights or remedies for an Event of Default under any Franchise Agreement between Franchisor 
and Developer or its Affiliate (as Franchisee). 
(g) 
If Franchisor terminates this Agreement due to an Event of Default, Developer will 
pay Franchisor a Development Termination Fee for each Restaurant under the Development 
Schedule that Developer failed to open as of the termination date whether or not Event of Default 
pertains to the failure of Developer to comply with the development requirements of the 
Development Schedule. The Development Termination Fee is due within ten (10) days after the 
effective date of termination of this Agreement. Developer’s failure to pay the Development 
Termination Fee in the required period of time will constitute an Event of Default under all 
Franchise Agreements executed pursuant to this Agreement, giving Franchisor the right to 
terminate all such Franchise Agreements. 
20. 
DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
(a) 
Negotiation. Before submitting any claim, controversy, or dispute arising out of 
this Agreement to non-binding mediation, arbitration, litigation, or other legal proceedings (except 
actions seeking extraordinary relief, i.e., specific performance or an injunction), the complaining 
Party will provide written Notice to the other of the claim, controversy, or dispute, and each Party 
will, as promptly as practical but no later than thirty (30) days from such Notice, appoint one or 
more senior executives with authority to settle such claim, controversy, or dispute who will meet 
with each other in good faith for the purpose of resolving the claim, controversy, or dispute. 
(b) 
Non-Binding Mediation. Before any Party may bring an action or commence a 
proceeding against the other, the Parties must first meet to mediate the dispute. Any such mediation 
will be non-binding and will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association in the Dallas, 
Texas metropolitan area, in accordance with its then-current rules for mediation of commercial 
disputes. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, this Section 20(b) will not bar either Party 
from obtaining injunctive relief against threatened conduct that will cause it loss or damages, under 
the usual equity rules, including the applicable rules for obtaining restraining orders and 
preliminary injunctions, without having to engage in mediation. This Section 20(b) will not be 
applicable to any claim or dispute arising under this Agreement or any other agreement between 
the Parties which relates to the failure to pay fees or other monetary obligation of Developer under 
this Agreement or with respect to Developer’s use of Confidential Information or the Marks. 
Mediation hereunder will be concluded within forty-five (45) days of the date the mediator is 
designated by the American Arbitration Association or such longer period as may be agreed upon 
by the Parties in writing. All aspects of the mediation process will be treated as confidential, will 
not be disclosed to others, and will not be offered or admissible in any other proceeding or legal 
action whatever. Franchisor and Developer will each bear their own costs of mediation, and each 
will bear fifty percent (50%) of the cost of the mediator or mediation service. 
(c) 
Arbitration. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, any claim, 
controversy, or dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the development rights, any 
Restaurants developed pursuant to this Agreement, or the relationship created by this Agreement, 
including any claim by Developer or its owners, concerning the entry into, the performance under, 
or the termination of this Agreement, or any other agreement between the parties will be resolved 
