 
 
61 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
Provision 
Section in Area 
Development 
Agreement 
Summary 
Any other promises or representations may 
not be enforceable. 
u. 
Dispute resolution 
by arbitration or 
mediation 
Section 20(b)-(c) 
Except for certain claims, all disputes must 
be 
mediated 
and, 
if 
mediation 
is 
unsuccessful, arbitrated. Such non-binding 
mediation and binding arbitration will be 
conducted by the American Arbitration 
Association in Dallas, Texas, subject to 
applicable state law. 
v. 
Choice of forum 
Section 20(e) 
Litigation must be in the state or federal 
courts encompassing Dallas, Texas (subject 
to state law). 
w. 
Choice of law 
Section 21 
Texas law applies (subject to state law). 
ITEM 18 
PUBLIC FIGURES 
We use the name and image of international celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay in certain of our 
marketing materials and in promoting the sale of Fish & Chips Restaurants. Mr. Ramsay does not 
receive any compensation in connection with our use of his name or image or in connection with 
the endorsement or recommendation of the Fish & Chips Restaurant brand to prospective 
franchisees. We may utilize Mr. Ramsay to promote the sale of franchises.  He may appear in 
marketing materials, social media ads, brochures, and videos to promote the Fish & Chips 
Restaurant brand, and may make personal promotional appearances on our behalf.  Mr. Ramsay is 
not involved in the day-to-day management or control of us. Mr. Ramsay is part owner of our 
indirect parent company GRNA Holdings, owning 49% percent of the interest in GRNA Holdings. 
As such, he has an indirect proprietary interest in us and may receive an indirect financial benefit 
from fees paid by franchisees to us.  Mr. Ramsay has not made any direct investment in us. 
ITEM 19 
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATION 
The FTC’s Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to provide information about the actual or potential 
financial performance of its franchised and/or franchisor-owned outlets, if there is a reasonable 
basis for the information, and if the information is included in the Disclosure Document.  Financial 
performance information that differs from that included in Item 19 may only be given only if: (1) 
a franchisor provides the actual records of an existing outlet you are considering buying; or (2) a 
franchisor supplements the information provided in this Item 19, for example, by providing 
information about performance at a particular location or under particular circumstances. 
