 
 
10 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
or indirectly, in Franchisee to any Person, or any other transaction that would, alone or together 
with other previous, simultaneous or proposed Transfer, have the effect of transferring a 
Controlling Interest in or Control of Franchisee, this Agreement, or substantially all of the assets 
of the business operated pursuant to this Agreement. Any transfer of ownership in Franchisee or 
the ownership, possession, or Control of the Restaurant may be made only in conjunction with a 
Transfer of this Agreement. 
(mmmm) 
 “Transfer Fee” means the transfer fee Franchisee or the transferee must 
pay to Franchisor as set forth in Section 18(c)(6), in the amount set forth in the Summary Page. 
(nnnn) 
“U.S.” means the United States. 
2. 
GRANT OF FRANCHISE 
(a) 
Grant. Franchisor hereby grants to Franchisee, upon the terms and conditions in 
this Agreement, the right and license, and Franchisee hereby accepts the right and obligation, to 
develop and operate the Restaurant under the Marks and System at the Selected Site set forth on 
the Summary Page. 
(b) 
Selected Site. This Agreement does not grant to Franchisee the right or license to 
operate the Restaurant or to offer or sell any Products at or from any location other than the 
Selected Site. Once Franchisor has consented to the Selected Site, the Selected Site will be set 
forth on the Summary Page. If a site for the Restaurant has not been obtained by Franchisee and 
approved by Franchisor as of the Effective Date, Franchisee will acquire a site for the Restaurant, 
subject to Franchisor’s written consent, in accordance with Section 6(a) of this Agreement. 
Franchisor’s consent to the Selected Site and its rendering of assistance, if any, in the selection of 
the Selected Site does not constitute a representation, promise, warranty, or guarantee by 
Franchisor, express or implied, that the Restaurant operated at the Selected Site will be profitable 
or otherwise successful. 
(c) 
Relocation. Franchisee will not relocate the Restaurant without the express prior 
written consent of Franchisor. If Franchisor elects to grant Franchisee the right to relocate the 
Restaurant, then Franchisee will comply with Franchisor’s then-current site selection and 
construction procedures. Upon Franchisor’s approval of the relocation of the Restaurant, 
Franchisee will pay Franchisor a Relocation Fee. In addition, Franchisee will pay to Franchisor, 
during each Reporting Period, a Lost Royalty Fee during any portion of the Relocation Period in 
which the Restaurant is not open to the public. Upon reopening, the Restaurant will operate for the 
remainder of the Initial Term. If Franchisee is unable to continue the operation of the Restaurant 
at the Selected Site because of the occurrence of a Force Majeure Event, then Franchisee may 
request approval of Franchisor to relocate the Restaurant to another location in the Designated 
Area. Such relocation of the Restaurant due to a Force Majeure Event will take place within the 
Relocation Period. Any other request to relocate the Restaurant will also be subject to the same 
procedures. 
(d) 
Designated Area. Once Franchisor has consented to the Selected Site, the 
Designated Area will be determined and set forth on the Summary Page. Franchisee must operate 
the Restaurant at the Selected Site within the Designated Area set forth in the Summary Page. 
