 
 
21 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
5. 
For a description of training, see Item 11. 
6. 
Opening inventory reflects the costs of consumable inventory items such as food, liquor, 
cleaning supplies and paper goods, which are necessary on the opening day.  You must 
promptly replenish these items as consumed. 
7. 
The cost of your liquor license may vary widely in costs depending on factors like location, 
the availability of liquor licenses, the ability to transfer or assign a license, and the market 
value of liquor licenses. In our affiliates’ experience to date, the cost to obtain a liquor 
license will vary substantially, depending on the city and state in which the Restaurant is 
located, and the variety of liquor types being sold and can range from $7,000 to $160,000, 
plus attorneys’ fees. The top estimate of this range assumes you will need to bid on and/or 
purchase a liquor license from another business establishment or license holder if a new 
liquor license is not available to you. 
8. 
Insurance costs vary by insurability of each franchisee, Restaurant location and facility 
type.  If we approve your request to use an unapproved insurance provider, you will pay us 
a fee of $350 (“Insurance Fee”) to cover our costs of reviewing the insurance provider and 
coverage. Please see Item 8 for more information regarding insurance.  
9. 
This amount represents the estimate of initial marketing-related costs, including website 
setup, social media setup, and initial local advertising. 
10. 
This amount represents the estimated cost of health and various operating licenses at the 
local, regional, or state level. 
11. 
We base these rent estimates on our affiliates’ experiences operating other branded casual 
dining restaurants in the United States in major metropolitan areas. Based on their 
experiences, we estimate rent to range between $40/square foot and $80/square foot. Rent 
and the security deposit depend on the size, condition and location of the premises and the 
demand for the premises among other possible lessees. 
12. 
This item estimates your initial start-up expenses (other than the items identified separately 
in the table) for your first three months of operation.  We base these amounts on estimates 
for working capital and potential operating expenses and contingencies in the United 
States.  The Fish & Chips franchise offered to you is a prototype based largely on our 
affiliates’ experiences operating other Gordon Ramsay brands across the United States, as 
well as their experiences licensing Gordon Ramsay branded restaurants throughout the 
United States, primarily in hotels, casinos, and resorts. These figures are intended to be 
used as a guideline, and we cannot guarantee that you will not have additional expenses 
during the initial months your Restaurant is in operation.  Operating cash flow from normal 
operations will fund cash expenditures needed for food, beverage and labor costs of 
management and hourly employees, and expenses for supplies, utilities, rent, taxes and 
common area expenses.  These amounts do not include amortization, depreciation or the 
cost of debt service.  There are many variables affecting these amounts such as sales 
volume, number of employees, rates of pay and frequency of inventory turnover.  Your 
actual costs depend on how much you follow our methods and procedures; your 
