 
 
3 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
(p) 
“Customer Data” means any information from, about, or relating to customers of 
a Restaurant that identifies, or can be used to identify, contact, locate, or be traced back to the 
specific Person to whom such information pertains, or from which identification or contact 
information of a Person can be derived. Customer Data includes any Personal Information. 
(q) 
“Cybersecurity Incident” means any event or occurrence that results in 
unauthorized access to or adversely affects the availability or integrity of Confidential Information, 
which event or occurrence could not have been prevented by reasonable administrative, physical 
or technical security measures. 
(r) 
“Designated Principal” means a Principal designated by Developer who is 
primarily responsible for communicating with Franchisor and overseeing Developer’s personnel 
and Developer’s obligations under this Agreement.  Designated Principal must hold a direct or 
indirect Equity Interest of greater than five (5%) in Developer. 
(s) 
“Development Fee” means the initial development fee in the amount set forth in 
the Summary Page. 
(t) 
“Development Period” means each time period ending on the Development Period 
Date, as set forth in the Development Schedule. 
(u) 
“Development Period Date” means the expiration of each Development Period at 
the end of which Developer is required to have a cumulative number of Restaurants open and 
operating in the Development Territory, as described in the Development Schedule. 
(v) 
“Development Schedule” means the schedule for development of Restaurants 
under the Brand in the Development Territory that Developer is required to adhere to as set forth 
in Exhibit A. 
(w) 
“Development Termination Fee” means a payment in the amount set forth in the 
Summary Page payable by Developer for each Restaurant under the Development Schedule that 
Developer failed to open as of the date that Franchisor terminates this Agreement due to an Event 
of Default. 
(x) 
“Development Territory” means the geographic area described in the Summary 
Page, as geographically constituted as of the Effective Date. 
(y) 
“Entity” means a business entity, including a corporation, limited liability 
company, general or limited partnership, limited liability partnership, or any other type of legal 
entity. 
(z) 
“Equity Interest” means any direct or indirect stock, unit, membership, 
partnership or other legal, equitable or beneficial ownership interest, or other voting rights in an 
Entity, but does not include direct or indirect ownership solely as an investment of securities of 
any Entity traded on any securities exchange, if the Principal is not a Person with Control of such 
Entity (or a member of an Entity that Controls such Entity) and does not, directly or indirectly, 
own five percent (5%) or more of any class of securities of such Entity. 
