 
2 
Independent Auditor's Report 
To the Board of Directors 
GRNA FC Group, LLC 
Opinion  
We have audited the balance sheet of GRNA FC Group, LLC (the "Company") as of January 31, 2025, 
and the related notes. 
In our opinion, the accompanying financial statement presents fairly, in all material respects, the financial 
position of GRNA FC Group, LLC as of January 31, 2025, in accordance with accounting principles 
generally accepted in the United States of America. 
Basis for Opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States 
of America ("GAAS"). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's 
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statement section of our report. We are required to be 
independent of the Company, and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, in accordance with the 
relevant ethical requirements relating to our audit. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained 
is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. 
Responsibilities of Management for the Financial Statements 
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statement in 
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and for the 
design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair 
presentation of the financial statement that is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or 
error.  
In preparing the financial statement, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions or 
events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue 
as a going concern for one year after the date that the financial statement is available to be issued. 
Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statement 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statement as a whole is 
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that 
includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance 
and therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with GAAS will always detect a 
material misstatement when it exists. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from 
fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional 
omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. Misstatements are considered material 
if there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, they would influence the judgment 
made by a reasonable user based on the financial statement.
