 
 
28 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
payment of any transaction fees. Franchisor may also delegate this responsibility and authorization 
to Franchisee in Franchisor’s sole discretion. 
9. 
MARKETING 
(a) 
Brand Fund. Recognizing the value of advertising and marketing to the goodwill 
and public image of the Brand, Franchisor reserves the right to establish and, when established, 
administer, or alternatively to allow Franchisor’s Affiliate to establish and/or administer, a Brand 
Fund for the creation and development of marketing, advertising, and related programs and 
materials, including electronic, print, and Internet media, as well as the planning and purchasing 
of national, regional, and/or local advertising. For the avoidance of doubt, if Franchisor elects to 
allow Franchisor’s Affiliate to establish and/or administer the Brand Fund, the provisions of this 
Section 9 will apply to the Brand Fund established and/or administered by Franchisor’s Affiliate 
as if established and administered by Franchisor. Franchisee must contribute the Brand Fund 
Contribution to the Brand Fund as set forth in Section 4(c) of this Agreement. Franchisor will 
direct all advertising and marketing programs, including but not limited to research methods, 
branding, creative concepts and materials, sponsorships, and endorsements used in connection 
therewith; selection of geographic and media markets; and media placement and the allocation 
thereof. Franchisor may use the Brand Fund to pay the costs of research, creation and production 
of video, audio, electronic, and written advertising and marketing programs; administration of 
regional, multiregional, and national advertising and marketing programs, product and customer 
research and surveys, and testing and related development activities; support of approved local or 
regional marketing cooperatives; promotional events; purchasing, participating in, developing, 
maintaining, and updating online, social media (including, without limitation, any social media 
profiles identified in Section 9(i)), radio, television, and billboard advertising and programming; 
employing marketing, social media, advertising and promotional agencies to assist therewith; 
conducting community relations activities; and supporting public relations, maintenance of the 
System websites, and online presence; and such other advertising, marketing, and promotional 
activities as Franchisor determines are appropriate for the Brand and the Marks and System. The 
Brand Fund will furnish Franchisee with samples of advertising, marketing formats, promotional 
formats, and other materials at no additional cost when Franchisor deems appropriate. Multiple 
copies of such materials will be furnished to Franchisee at Franchisee’s cost plus any related 
shipping, handling, and storage charges. For the avoidance of doubt, Franchisee will ultimately be 
responsible for the costs associated with the placement of any such marketing and media that 
Franchisee uses; that is, Franchisee will either reimburse Franchisor for media and marketing 
placement placed by Franchisor on Franchisee’s behalf or directly pay a third-party advertiser for 
placement of the media or marketing materials. Franchisor may, at its sole option, adjust the Brand 
Fund Contribution upon thirty (30) days’ prior Notice to Franchisee (i.e., increase the percentage 
of Restaurant Revenue to be contributed), subject to the limitations set forth in Section 9(e). 
(b) 
Accounting. The Brand Fund will be accounted for separately from Franchisor’s 
other funds and will not be used to defray any of Franchisor’s general operating expenses, except 
for such reasonable salaries, administrative costs, travel expenses, and overhead as Franchisor may 
incur in activities related to the administration of the Brand Fund and its programs, including as 
described in Section 9(a) and with respect to collecting and accounting for contributions to the 
Brand Fund. The Brand Fund is operated solely as a conduit for collecting and expending the 
