 
 
17 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
of the Estimated Opening Budget) within thirty (30) days following receipt of invoice from 
Franchisor. 
(c) 
Pre-Opening Coordinator. Franchisor will assign a full-time Pre-Opening 
Coordinator. The Pre-Opening Coordinator will: (i) advise Franchisor and Franchisee regarding 
the preparation and coordination of all non-construction budgets and pre-opening scheduling, 
including, without limitation, budgets for the purchase of Operating Assets, the processing of any 
changes or modifications in such budgets, and the securing of all required approvals of and by 
Franchisee; (ii) serve as liaison between Franchisor and Franchisee with respect to Restaurant 
construction, compliance with the requirements of all approvals Franchisee must obtain from 
Franchisor, the purchase, delivery, and installation of all Operating Assets, quality control issues, 
the supply of Products and Branded retail items, and the retention and training of Restaurant 
personnel; and (iii) assist in the coordination of activities between Franchisor and Franchisee. 
Franchisee must fully cooperate with the Pre-Opening Coordinator and provide all information 
necessary to enable the Pre-Opening Coordinator to fulfill all of the assigned functions. 
(d) 
Continuing Training. To protect and promote the Brand’s Standards, reputation, 
and goodwill, Franchisee and its management-level personnel (including Franchisee’s Designated 
Principal, Operations Leader, Restaurant General Manager, and Restaurant Managers) and such 
other Restaurant personnel as Franchisor designates must attend and complete any mandatory 
continuing Approved Management Training or such other additional training programs and 
seminars, as Franchisor may determine from time to time, if Franchisor requires such attendance. 
Franchisee and its management-level personnel may attend such optional training as Franchisor 
may periodically offer on the terms and conditions and Franchisor may specify for such optional 
training. Franchisee may be required to pay Franchisor’s then-current training fee for any 
additional training designated by Franchisor or requested by Franchisee. Franchisee will be solely 
responsible for all costs and expenses incurred by Franchisee and its personnel in connection with 
any additional or continuing training, including, without limitation, costs of obtaining any required 
certifications, travel, lodging, meals, wages, and other living expenses. 
(e) 
Meetings and Conferences. Franchisor may from time to time hold periodic 
System-wide meetings at locations designed by Franchisor to address matters of general interest 
to the System, including, without limitation, Franchisor’s annual operations conference. 
Franchisee and Franchisee’s management-level personnel (including Franchisee’s Designated 
Principal, Operations Leader, and Restaurant General Manager) must attend such meetings and 
conferences.  Franchisor may, at its sole option, require Franchisee to Franchisor’s then-current 
fee for Franchisee and Franchisee’s management-level personnel to attend such meetings or 
conferences. Franchisee will be solely responsible for all costs and expenses incurred by 
Franchisee and its personnel in connection with attending such meetings and conferences, 
including, without limitation, the costs of obtaining any required certifications, travel, lodging, 
meals, wages, and other living expenses. 
(f) 
On-Site Remedial Assistance. Upon the reasonable request of Franchisee or as 
Franchisor deems appropriate at Franchisor’s sole option, Franchisor will, during the Term, subject 
to the availability of personnel, provide Franchisee with additional trained representatives who 
will provide on-site remedial training to Franchisee. Franchisee must pay Franchisor’s then-current 
