 
 
45 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
6) 
Develop and operate, and license others to develop and operate, Fish & Chips 
Restaurants and other food service facilities in any Reserved Areas, whether or not 
located within the Development Territory; and 
7) 
Offer and sell, and authorize others to offer and sell, products from Restaurants 
located outside the Development Territory to customers located within the 
Development Territory via take-out, catering, or delivery. 
The restrictions on our right to operate in your Development Territory do not apply to any Fish & 
Chips Restaurant existing or under development on the date the Area Development Agreement is 
signed.  We are not required to pay you if we or our affiliates exercise any of the rights specified 
above inside or outside your Development Territory. 
As a condition to exercising your development rights under your Area Development Agreement, 
you must remain in full compliance with all provisions of your Area Development Agreement and 
any other agreements (including any Franchise Agreements) between you and your affiliates and 
us and our affiliates. You must execute a separate Franchise Agreement, on our then-current form 
of franchise agreement, for each Restaurant. Each proposed site must satisfy our then-current site 
selection criteria, and you must submit to us in a timely manner all information and documents 
requested by us in connection with the Area Development Agreement or any other agreements to 
be executed between you and any of your affiliates and us or any of our affiliates, and you must 
have taken such additional actions in connection therewith as may be requested by us. 
You must develop your Restaurants in accordance with the Development Schedule set forth in 
your Area Development Agreement. If you fail to comply with your development obligations 
under the Area Development Agreement in accordance with the Development Schedule, we may, 
in addition to other available remedies, terminate the Area Development Agreement, terminate or 
modify your exclusivity in the Development Territory, reduce the geographic scope of your 
Development Territory, or reduce the number of remaining Restaurants you may develop within 
the Development Territory. Except as stated in this paragraph, the territorial rights granted to you 
under the Area Development Agreement are not dependent upon the achievement of a certain sales 
volume, market penetration, or other contingency. Also, except as stated in this paragraph, there 
are no circumstances under which the Development Territory may be altered prior to the expiration 
or termination of the Area Development Agreement. 
ITEM 13 
TRADEMARKS 
The Franchise Agreement gives you a license to operate a Fish & Chips Restaurant under the 
Marks “Fish & Chips” and “Gordon Ramsay Fish & Chips” and to use any future Marks we 
authorize. 
Gordon Ramsay owns the following Marks on the Principal Register of the United States Patent 
and Trademark Office (“USPTO”).  Mr. Ramsay has renewed or intends to renew the registrations 
for the Marks listed below.  All required affidavits have been filed. 
