 
 
18 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
compensation rate for the services of such trained representatives, plus their costs of travel, 
lodging, meals and any other reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Franchisor in 
providing the on-site remedial services, within thirty (30) days following receipt of an invoice 
from Franchisor. 
(g) 
Restaurant Development Advisory Services. Upon Franchisee’s written request, 
as Franchisor deems appropriate at its sole option, Franchisor will provide Franchisee with advice 
regarding: (i) formulating or refining the preliminary prototypical plans and specifications for the 
construction of the Restaurant and all related facilities, including landscaping, and in formulating 
or refining preliminary layouts, drawings, and designs for the interior of the Restaurant and the 
furnishing and equipping thereof, and, in connection therewith, may recommend to Franchisee 
layouts and other criteria and specifications for the facilities to be included in the Restaurant; (ii) 
if available, architects, contractors, engineers, designers, decorators, landscape architects, and such 
other specialists and consultants as will be necessary for completing the Restaurant. Franchisor 
will provide such services under this Section 5(g) at no additional charge to Franchisee. Franchisor 
will have no liability or responsibility for any act or omission of any such Person that Franchisee 
utilizes. 
(h) 
Restaurant Preparation Services. Upon Franchisee’s written request, as 
Franchisor deems appropriate at its sole option, Franchisor will provide Franchisee with advice 
regarding: (i) preparing a plan for the organization of administrative services and a marketing, 
sales, and promotion program for the Restaurant; (ii) testing the proposed operations of the 
Restaurant by preparing and serving food and beverage items, and generally assisting with 
operating the Restaurant, to the extent practicable, for a test period not in excess of sixty (60) days 
immediately prior to the scheduled opening date; and (iii) preparing a program of opening 
festivities for the Restaurant. Franchisor will provide such services under this Section 5(h) at no 
additional charge to Franchisee; however, Franchisee will be solely responsible for the 
implementation of each of the foregoing tests and programs. 
6. 
RESTAURANT OPERATIONS 
(a) 
Site Selection. Franchisee is solely responsible for locating a site for the Restaurant 
consented to by Franchisor. Within one hundred twenty (120) days after the Effective Date (unless 
this Agreement is executed pursuant to an area development agreement between Franchisor and 
Franchisee or an Affiliate and, in that case, the site selection process and timing under such area 
development agreement applies), Franchisee must locate and submit for Franchisor’s consent to 
the proposed site for the Restaurant within the Territory. Franchisee’s proposed site must conform 
to Franchisor’s minimum site selection criteria. Franchisee must send Franchisor a complete Site 
Report for Franchisee’s proposed site, which must include all information that Franchisor requires, 
including, without limitation, area maps, initial site plans, initial floor plans and layouts, initial 
business and operating plan (including Restaurant Revenue and expense projections), basic 
demographic and traffic pattern information, local transportation and parking facilities, and 
location of competing establishments. The form of Site Report Franchisee must complete will be 
included in the Manuals or will otherwise be provided by Franchisor. If Franchisor determines that 
an evaluation of a proposed site for the Restaurant is required, Franchisee will pay the Site 
Evaluation Fee and reimburse Franchisor’s reasonable costs to evaluate the proposed site.  The 
