 
 
60 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
FROM 
FRANCHISEE, 
FRANCHISEE’S 
AFFILIATES, 
OR 
THEIR 
RESPECTIVE 
PRINCIPALS. 
24. 
INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS 
(a) 
Independent Contractors. It is understood and agreed by the Parties that this 
Agreement does not create a fiduciary relationship between them; that Franchisor and Franchisee 
are and will be independent contractors and that nothing in this Agreement is intended to make 
either Party a general or special agent, joint venturer, partner, joint employer, or employee of or 
with the other for any purpose.  Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that Franchisee is in business 
for itself and is not economically dependent on Franchisor for work.  Franchisee will 
conspicuously identify itself in all dealings as the independently-owned operator of the Restaurant, 
and will place such notices of independent ownership on such forms, business cards, stationery 
and advertising and other materials as Franchisor may periodically require. For the avoidance of 
doubt, Franchisor is not the employer or joint employer of Franchisee or Franchisee’s employees. 
(b) 
No Liability for Acts of Other Party. Franchisee must not employ any of Marks 
in signing any contract or applying for any license or permit, or in a manner (other than the limited 
use contemplated by this Agreement) that may result in Franchisor’s liability for any of 
Franchisee’s indebtedness or obligations. Except as expressly authorized in writing, neither 
Franchisor nor Franchisee will make any express or implied agreements, warranties, guarantees or 
representations or incur any debt in the name or on behalf of the other or be obligated by or have 
any liability under any agreements or representations made by the other. Franchisor will not be 
obligated for any damages to any Person directly or indirectly arising out of the operation of the 
Restaurant. 
25. 
FORCE MAJEURE AND CRISIS MANAGEMENT EVENTS 
(a) 
Force Majeure. Neither Franchisor nor Franchisee will be liable for Losses and 
Expenses or deemed to be in breach of this Agreement if their performance is rendered impossible 
or commercially impractical by a Force Majeure Event. Any delay resulting from any Force 
Majeure Event will extend performance accordingly or excuse performance, in whole or in part, 
as may be reasonable in the judgment of the Party to whom performance is owed. Franchisee or 
Franchisor will, within five (5) days of the occurrence of the Force Majeure Event, give a written 
Notice to the other Party stating the nature of the Force Majeure Event, its anticipated duration and 
any action being taken to avoid or minimize its effect on the Restaurant. Any suspension of 
performance at the Restaurant will be of no greater scope and of no longer duration than is 
reasonably required; provided, however, if the suspension of performance continues for ninety 
(90) days from the date of the occurrence and such failure to perform would constitute an Event 
of Default of this Agreement in the absence of such Force Majeure Event, Franchisor may 
terminate this Agreement immediately by giving written Notice to Franchisee, subject to 
Applicable Law.  In no event will Franchisee’s inability to pay amounts due under this Agreement 
constitute a Force Majeure Event and no Force Majeure Event will operate to excuse Franchisee 
from the prompt payment of any fee or other amount due to Franchisor under this Agreement. 
(b) 
Crisis Management Events. Franchisee must notify Franchisor immediately of the 
occurrence of any Crisis Management Event by the method periodically specified in the Manuals 
