 
1 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
ITEM 1 
THE FRANCHISOR, AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES 
To simplify the language in this franchise disclosure document (“Disclosure Document”), the 
terms “we”, “us”, “our”, or “Franchisor” mean GRNA FC Group LLC. The term “you” means the 
person buying the franchise.  If the franchisee is a general partnership, the term “you” refers to all 
partners.  If the franchisee is a corporation, limited liability company or other business entity, the 
term “you” refers to the franchisee, and the term “Principals” refers to any individual or entity with 
direct or indirect equity or beneficial ownership in the franchisee (including shareholders of a 
corporation, members of a limited liability company, general and limited partners of a limited 
partnership, etc.) or in the franchisee’s affiliate, or any director or officer of such entity. 
The Franchisor, Its Parent, Predecessors, and Affiliates 
We are a Delaware limited liability company formed on June 20, 2024.  Our principal place of 
business is located at 6191 North State Highway 161, Suite 400, Irving, Texas 75038-2251.  We 
do business under our corporate name and the trade names and service marks “Gordon Ramsay 
Fish & Chips” and “Fish & Chips.”  We do not do business under any other name.  We began 
offering franchises for Fish & Chips restaurants in the United States as of the issuance date of this 
Disclosure Document.  We do not currently offer franchises in any other line of business nor do 
we operate any businesses of the type being offered to you.  We do not have any predecessors.  
Our agent for service in Delaware is Corporate Creations Network, Inc., with a principal business 
address of 3411 Silverside Road, Tatnall Building, Suite 104, Wilmington, Delaware 19810.  Our 
agents for service of process in the states which require franchise registration are listed in Exhibit 
E to this Disclosure Document. 
Our sole parent is GRNA Franchise Group LLC (“GRNA Franchise”). GRNA Franchise is a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of its parent, GRNA LLC (“GRNA LLC”). GRNA LLC is wholly-
owned subsidiary of its parent, GRNA MidCo LLC (“GRNA MidCo”). GRNA MidCo is a wholly-
owned subsidiary of its parent, GRNA Holdings Inc. (“GRNA Holdings”). GRNA Franchise, 
GRNA LLC, GRNA MidCo, and GRNA Holdings all share our principal business address. 
The first Fish & Chips restaurant was opened in 2017 in Las Vegas, Nevada which is operated by 
a licensee pursuant to a license agreement with our affiliate. GRNA IP 2 HoldCo LLC (“IPH2”). 
In Reno, Nevada, a second licensee began operating a Fish & Chips restaurant in 2024 pursuant to 
a license agreement with IPH2. As of the issuance date of this Disclosure Document, our affiliates 
operate three company-owned Fish & Chips restaurants in the United States.  These affiliates do 
not offer and have not offered franchises in any line of business or provide products or services to 
Fish & Chips franchisees. These affiliates are GRNA FC of NY LLC, GRNA ICON PARK, LLC, 
and GRNA FC of DC LLC and operate Fish & Chips restaurants in New York, New York, 
Orlando, Florida, and Washington, D.C., respectively. 
Our affiliate, Gordon Ramsay Restaurants Limited, is a company formed under the laws of 
England with a principal business address of 539-547 Wandsworth Road, London, England, SW8 
3JD, United Kingdom.  As of the issuance date of this Disclosure Document, Gordon Ramsay 
Restaurants Limited operates company-owned restaurants in the United Kingdom under the 
following names:  Street Pizza; Street Burger; Gordon Ramsay Bar & Grill; Bread Street Kitchen 
