 
 
23 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
repair, and condition. Franchisee is solely responsible for maintenance, repair and replacement 
where necessary to maintain normal operating conditions and for any liabilities arising therefrom 
in accordance with this Agreement. Franchisee must comply with all requirements regarding 
upkeep, maintaining, replacing, and obtaining Operating Assets and other tangible property in 
accordance with the Standards established by Franchisor. 
(i) 
Improvements. Franchisee must, upon the request of Franchisor, make other 
improvements including, but not limited to, refurbishing, remodeling, and redecorating the 
Restaurant premises, equipment (including computer hardware and software and related 
documentation), signs, design, Trade Dress, interior and exterior decor items, fixtures, furnishings, 
supplies, and other products and materials required for the operation of the Restaurant, in 
accordance with Franchisor’s then-current Standards. 
(j) 
Suppliers and Purchasing. Franchisee must purchase or lease all Operating 
Assets, Products, services and other items specified in the Manual from time to time. If required 
by the Manual, Franchisee agrees to purchase Operating Assets and Products from suppliers 
designated or approved by Franchisor (which may include, or be limited exclusively to, Franchisor 
or its Affiliates). Franchisor may specify the suppliers that Franchisee may use or provide 
Standards that suppliers must meet regarding the Operating Assets, Products, and services as may 
be necessary and desirable so that Franchisor can control the uniformity and quality of goods and 
services used, sold or distributed in connection with the development and ongoing operation of the 
Restaurant, maintain the confidentiality of Confidential Information, and protect the reputation 
and goodwill associated with Gordon Ramsay, the System and the Marks. Franchisor may limit 
the number of approved suppliers and designate itself or any of its Affiliates as an approved 
supplier, including as a sole supplier. Franchisor or any of its Affiliates may receive rebates or 
other financial consideration from these suppliers based upon Franchisee purchases. If Franchisee 
seeks approval from Franchisor of an alternative supplier, Franchisee must provide Notice to 
Franchisor specifying the alternative supplier’s name and qualifications, and provide samples of 
alternative Operating Assets or Products for examination by Franchisor. In addition, Franchisee 
will provide any other information requested by Franchisor to enable Franchisor to evaluate, using 
the applicable Standards, and then approve or reject such alternative supplier, Operating Assets, 
or Products. Franchisor will have the right to require that its authorized representatives be 
permitted to inspect the alternative supplier’s facilities at Franchisee’s sole cost and expense to 
ensure that the Operating Assets or Products meet or exceed the then current Standards. Franchisor 
will use reasonable efforts to approve or reject Franchisee’s request within ninety (90) days after 
Franchisor receives Franchisee’s Notice, all information (and samples) that Franchisor requires in 
order to evaluate the alternative supplier using the applicable Standards, and completion of any 
facility inspection. Franchisor will be deemed to have rejected Franchisee’s request if Franchisor 
does not approve the request in writing within the ninety (90) day period. Franchisor’s decision 
regarding a request for an alternative supplier may not be challenged or appealed by the Franchisee. 
Franchisee must reimburse Franchisor for all costs and expenses that Franchisor incurs in 
reviewing alternative suppliers, Operating Assets and Products proposed by Franchisee within ten 
(10) days after invoicing. Franchisor may terminate or withhold its approval of any supplier, 
Operating Assets, or Products that do not satisfy its Standards. Franchisor may revoke its approval 
of any supplier upon thirty (30) days’ written notice to Franchisee. Franchisee will not purchase 
from any unapproved supplier or use unapproved Operating Assets or Products in the Restaurant. 
