 
 
62 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
which our headquarters are located at the time of the dispute (currently the Dallas, Texas 
metropolitan area). 
(2) 
Any arbitration must be on an individual basis, and not as part of a common, 
consolidated, or class action.  The parties and the arbitrator will have no authority or power to 
proceed with any claim as a class action or otherwise to join or consolidate any claim with any 
other claim or any other proceeding involving third parties.  If a court determines that this 
limitation on joinder of or class action certification of claims is unenforceable, then this entire 
commitment to arbitrate will become null and void and the parties will submit all claims to the 
jurisdiction of the courts. 
(3) 
The arbitrator must follow the law and not disregard the terms of this 
Agreement or its related agreements.  Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the 
arbitrator will have the authority to award any interim, interlocutory, or final remedy or relief that 
a court of the State of Texas could order or grant, including, without limitation, general damages, 
specific performance of any obligation created under this Agreement, the issuance of an injunction 
or other extraordinary relief, or the imposition of sanctions for abuse or frustration of the arbitration 
process; however, the arbitrator may not under any circumstances:  (i) stay the effectiveness of 
any pending termination of this Agreement; (ii) assess punitive or other prohibited damages; or 
(iii) make an award that extends, modifies, or suspends any lawful term of this Agreement or its 
related agreements or any reasonable standard of business performance that we set.  A judgment 
may be entered upon the arbitration award by any state or federal court of competent jurisdiction.  
The decision of the arbitrator will be binding and final on all parties to the dispute. 
(4) 
Except as necessary to obtain interim or provisional relief, to enforce any 
arbitration award or order, or to comply with any franchise-specific disclosure obligation, the 
arbitration proceeding and award will be maintained as strictly confidential and neither party 
hereto nor the arbitrator may disclose the existence, content, or results of any arbitration hereunder 
without the prior written consent of both parties hereto. 
(5) 
Each party will bear its share of the costs of the arbitration proceeding.  The 
prevailing party to the arbitration will have the right to an award of its reasonable attorneys’ fees 
and costs incurred after the filing of the demand for arbitration. If either Franchisor or Franchisee 
seeks to enforce this Agreement in any arbitral or other proceeding, the prevailing party will be 
entitled to recover its reasonable costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees, costs, 
and expenses (and interest on such fees, costs, and expenses) and expert witness fees, costs of 
investigation and proof of facts, court costs, other litigation expenses and travel or living expenses) 
incurred in connection with such judicial or other proceeding. 
(6) 
This agreement to arbitrate will survive the expiration or termination of this 
Agreement. 
(d) 
Interim or Provisional Relief. Notwithstanding Section 26, Franchisor may elect 
to apply to any court of competent jurisdiction to seek interim or provisional injunctive, equitable 
or other extraordinary relief or its equivalent with respect to any matters contemplated by this 
Agreement, including, but not limited to, matters involving impermissible competition or alleged 
misuse of the Marks or Confidential Information prior to or after the expiration or termination of 
