 
 
12 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
(7) 
Offer and sell, and authorize others to offer and sell, products from 
Restaurants located outside the Designated Area to customers located within the Designated Area 
via take-out, catering, or delivery, including through an Online Ordering Site. 
3. 
TERM OF FRANCHISE 
(a) 
Initial Term. The Initial Term will commence on the Effective Date of this 
Agreement and expire ten (10) years thereafter, unless this Agreement is earlier terminated as 
provided in Section 20. 
(b) 
Renewal Term. Franchisee may, upon the approval of Franchisor, continue to 
operate the Restaurant for up to four (4) Renewal Terms, subject to any or all of the following 
conditions which must, at Franchisor’s sole option, be met prior to and at the time of each such 
Renewal Term. 
(1) 
Franchisee’s Notice. Franchisee must give Franchisor Notice of its election 
to continue to operate the Restaurant for the Renewal Term no sooner than eighteen (18) months 
and no later than twelve (12) months before (i) expiration of the Initial Term, or (ii) expiration of 
the then-current Renewal Term. 
(2) 
Good Standing. Franchisee must not be in default, nor previously have 
been in default, of any provision of this Agreement or any other agreement between Franchisee or 
any of its Affiliates and Franchisor and any of its Affiliates, and Franchisee must have substantially 
and timely complied with all the terms and conditions of such agreements during the terms thereof. 
Franchisee must also be current with its landlord and any trade creditors with whom it does 
business. 
(3) 
Threshold Royalty. Franchisee will not meet the conditions for the 
Renewal Term if the average Royalty Fee paid to Franchisor during the previous twenty-four (24) 
months of the Term is less than the Threshold Royalty. 
(4) 
Selected Site. Franchisee must present satisfactory evidence that 
Franchisee has the right to remain in possession of the Selected Site for the duration of the Renewal 
Term. 
(5) 
Maintenance. Franchisee must repair, replace, or procure, at Franchisee’s 
sole cost and expense, Operating Assets, Products, and other materials required for the operation 
of the Restaurant as Franchisor may require, including, without limitation, new or additional items 
which may be reasonably required by Franchisor for Franchisee to offer and sell new menu items 
from the Restaurant or to provide the Restaurant’s services by alternative means such as through 
carry-out, catering, or delivery arrangements.  Franchisee must modernize, upgrade, and remodel 
the Restaurant to reflect the then-current Standards and image of the System as contained in the 
Manuals or otherwise provided in writing by Franchisor. 
(6) 
New Agreement and Renewal Fee. Upon Franchisor’s approval of the 
Renewal Term, Franchisee must execute Franchisor’s then-current form of franchise agreement, 
which agreement will supersede this Agreement in all respects, and the terms of which may differ 
