 
 
50 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
(h) 
Transfer of Non-Controlling Interest. If a Transfer or series of prior, 
contemporaneous or proposed Transfers of Equity Interests in Franchisee or a Principal would 
have the effect of transferring less than Control of Franchisee, Franchisor will reasonably approve 
such Transfer so long as Franchisee is in full compliance with this Agreement, provides Franchisor 
at least fifteen (15) days prior written Notice of such proposed Transfer, and certifies (subject to 
Franchisor’s right of confirmation) that such transferee (directly or through its Affiliates or 
principals) (i) does not have an Equity Interest in any Competitive Business; (ii) has not been 
convicted of a felony, or a crime involving moral turpitude, or any other crime or offense that 
Franchisor believes is reasonably likely to have an adverse effect on Gordon Ramsay, the System, 
the Marks, or the goodwill associated therewith; (iii) does not render any of Franchisee’s 
representations, covenants or warranties in Section 17 of this Agreement invalid, incomplete or 
untrue; and (iv) is not identified either by name or an alias, pseudonym or nickname on lists of 
“Specially Designated Nationals,” “Blocked Persons,” or similar lists maintained by the U.S. 
Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Asset Control. 
(i) 
Security Interest. Franchisee is permitted to grant a security interest or other 
similar interest in this Agreement to a lender, vendor, or similar party to the extent permitted by 
Applicable Law.  Any such security interest may only attach to an interest in the proceeds of the 
Restaurant’s operations and may not under any circumstances permit the secured party to take 
possession of or operate the Restaurant or to Transfer Franchisee’s rights or obligations under this 
Agreement without Franchisor’s prior written consent.  If Franchisee grants a security interest in 
accordance with this Section 18(i), Franchisee will notify Franchisor as soon as practicable. 
19. 
RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS 
Franchisee recognizes that Franchisor has developed goodwill in Restaurant operations and 
must protect the Marks, Confidential Information, and System. 
(a) 
Non-Compete. In order to maintain and protect the System know-how, 
Confidential Information, Franchisor’s reputation, and the value of the Brand, 
(i) 
Franchisee and its Affiliates covenant and agree that during the Term and 
for a continuous uninterrupted period of two (2) years following expiration of the Term, 
termination of this Agreement, or an approved Transfer of this Agreement, and 
(ii) 
Franchisee’s Principals covenant and agree that during the Term and for a 
continuous uninterrupted period of two (2) years from the date the Principal ceases to be a Principal 
as defined under this Agreement, 
That each of Franchisee, its Affiliates, and their respective Principals thereof will not, 
without Franchisor’s prior written consent, either directly or indirectly, for itself or themselves, or 
through, on behalf of, or in conjunction with, any Person own, maintain, operate, be employed by, 
engage in, franchise, lease property to, advise, help, make loans to, or have any interest in, either 
directly or indirectly, any Competitive Business. 
During the Term, this restriction applies to any Competitive Business located within the 
U.S. Following the expiration of the Term, termination of this Agreement, or an approved Transfer 
