 
 
36 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
Contribution and the Local Marketing Expenditure will not exceed 4% of Restaurant Revenue of 
your Restaurant. At our request, you will furnish us with copies of invoices and other 
documentation reasonably satisfactory to us, evidencing your local advertising. If we determine 
that your documented spending on local advertising during the then-most recently completed 
calendar quarter was less than the minimum required amount of the Local Marketing Expenditure, 
we may collect the unspent amounts directly from you and deposit such amounts into the Brand 
Fund, without any liability or obligation to use such amounts for your local advertising. You will 
utilize a national or regional advertising agency acceptable to us. We may withdraw our approval 
at any time if such agency fails to follow the standards or other guidelines for advertising as 
described in the Manual. The Local Marketing Expenditure will be used to pay for the cost of 
implementing local marketing plans developed by us and adapted and implemented by you, subject 
to our approval. Acceptable Local Marketing Expenditures include amounts spent by you for 
advertising media and community relations, such as television, radio, Internet, newspaper, 
billboards, posters, direct mail, collateral and promotional items, advertising on public vehicles 
(transit and aerial) and the cost of producing approved materials necessary to participate in these 
media. Local Marketing Expenditures do not include amounts spent for items that we, in our sole 
judgment, deem inappropriate for meeting the minimum requirement for Local Marketing 
Expenditures, including permanent on-premises signs, point-of-purchase materials and store 
hours, complimentary charges, donations, lighting, menus, personnel salaries or administrative 
costs, transportation vehicles (even though such vehicles may display the Marks), discounts, free 
offers and personnel or crew member incentive programs. (Franchise Agreement, Section 9(e).) 
We reserve the right to designate any geographic area in which 2 or more franchised or company-
owned Fish & Chips Restaurants are located as a region for a local or regional marketing 
cooperative. If we do, the cooperative must be organized and governed as we determine and as 
stated in the written governing documents we require. Any cooperative we authorize will be for 
the exclusive purpose of administering advertising programs and developing promotional 
materials for members in local advertising. If a cooperative is established for an area that includes 
your Designated Area (defined in Item 12 below), you must become a member of the cooperative 
and participate in the cooperative by contributing the amounts required by the cooperative. 
However, you will not be required to contribute more than the amount of your then-current Local 
Marketing Expenditure, and your cooperative contributions will be applied toward satisfaction of 
your Local Marketing Expenditure obligations. If located within the geographic region covered by 
a cooperative, Restaurants owed by Franchisor or its Affiliates will participate in and contribute to 
the cooperative on the same basis as franchisees.  You must also submit to the cooperative and to 
us all statements and reports that we or the cooperative may require. Cooperative contributions 
will be maintained and administered under the cooperative’s governing documents, and the 
cooperative will be operated solely as a conduit for the collection and expenditure of advertising 
contributions. We have the sole right to form, change, dissolve, and merge cooperative and to 
create and amend any organizational and governing documents of any cooperative. (Franchise 
Agreement, Section 9(l).)  Each cooperative must prepare, at the cooperative’s expense, an annual, 
unaudited accounting operation of the cooperative, which the cooperative will be made available 
to contributing cooperative members upon request. Currently, we have not established any local 
or regional marketing cooperatives. 
Computer System and POS System 
