 
 
20 
Fish & Chips Gordon Ramsay 
Franchise Disclosure Document | 2025 
102240529.1 
(c) 
Customer Data; PCI-DSS; Personal Information. As between Franchisor and 
Developer, all information, mailing lists, and databases of Customer Data, from whatever source 
derived, will be Franchisor’s sole property and constitutes Confidential Information of Franchisor. 
Developer, its Affiliates, and their respective Principals will not use such information, except in 
connection with the development or operation of Restaurants in accordance with this Agreement 
or a Franchise Agreement. Developer, its Affiliates, and their respective Principals will not use, 
process, copy, display, publish, store, or transfer the Customer Data without Franchisor’s written 
approval. Developer, its Affiliates, and their respective Principals will fully comply with all 
Applicable Law and the terms of any Franchise Agreement with respect to Customer Data, other 
Personal Information, and PCI-DSS requirements. 
(d) 
Non-Disclosure of Confidential Information. Developer, its Affiliates, and each 
of their respective Principals acknowledge that all Confidential Information is economically 
valuable, that such value is derived from such Confidential Information not being generally known 
to others, that reasonable efforts have been taken by Franchisor to maintain the secrecy and 
confidentiality of Confidential Information, and that Developer has entered into this Agreement in 
order to use such Confidential Information to the economic benefit of Developer. Developer, its 
Affiliates, and their respective Principals will not use, duplicate, or disclose to others any 
Confidential Information other than as specifically authorized by Franchisor in writing. To the 
extent that any Confidential Information is to be provided to its employees and advisors, Developer 
must ensure that each of them uses such Confidential Information solely in connection with their 
respective roles with the Restaurant and each executes a confidentiality and non-disclosure 
agreement in a form prescribed by Franchisor consistent with the foregoing. 
(e) 
Ownership. All Confidential Information furnished or disclosed by Franchisor to 
Developer, its Affiliates, or their respective Principals or otherwise obtained by Developer or its 
Principals is and will remain the property of Franchisor. Any reproductions, notes, summaries or 
similar documents relating to the Confidential Information, and any files, memoranda, reports, 
price lists, proprietary information, and other documents relating to System, including but not 
limited to Customer Data, will become and will remain the property of Franchisor immediately 
upon their creation. Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, Developer will immediately 
return all copies of such materials to Franchisor. Developer must promptly reveal to Franchisor 
any discoveries, inventions, innovations or improvements made by Developer, its Affiliates, or 
their respective Principals, personnel or independent contractors relating to System, or any 
Confidential Information. Further, all proprietary interests in any devices, information, know-how, 
materials, methods, processes and techniques utilizing those discoveries, inventions, innovations 
and improvements are Franchisor’s property. Where certain Confidential Information or 
proprietary interests in this Section 13(e) do not automatically vest in Franchisor, Developer 
hereby assigns, transfers and conveys (and agrees to assign, transfer and convey) to Franchisor all 
of Developer’s right, title and interest in such Confidential Information and proprietary interests. 
To the extent that such Confidential Information or proprietary interests may not be assigned under 
Applicable Law, Developer hereby grants and agrees to grant to Franchisor an exclusive, 
worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, paid up and unconditional license, or if such grant 
would be invalid or not fully enforceable under Applicable Law, such other right and license as 
the Franchisor reasonably requests in order to acquire a legal position as close as possible to that 
contemplated by the Parties under this Section 13(e). 
