 
66 
2025 US HOMEWOOD 
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP 
Provision 
Section in 
Franchise 
Agreement 
(“FA”) and HITS 
Agreement 
Summary 
a. Length of the 
franchise term 
FA §3, Addendum 
New Construction:  Generally, at midnight on the last day of 
the month 22 years after the Effective Date. 
Conversion:  Generally, at midnight on the last day of the 
month 10 to 20 years after the Opening Date. 
Change of Ownership:  Generally, either the remaining Term 
under the existing franchise agreement, or such other term as 
we may approve. 
HITS Agreement 
1.1 
The HITS Agreement will run concurrently with the Franchise 
Agreement and will automatically terminate on the termination 
or expiration of the Franchise Agreement. 
b. Renewal or 
Extension of 
the term 
FA §3 
You do not have the right to renew or extend the Franchise 
Agreement. 
HITS Agreement 
Not applicable  
The HITS Agreement will run concurrently with the Franchise 
Agreement.  You do not have the right to renew or extend the 
HITS Agreement. 
c. Requirements 
for you to 
renew or 
extend 
FA – Not 
applicable 
You do not have the right to renew or extend, but if we agree, 
in our sole discretion, to re-license, you may be asked to sign 
a contract with materially different terms and conditions from 
the original Franchise Agreement, and you must comply with 
any PIP performance conditions that we specify. 
HITS Agreement 
Not applicable 
The HITS Agreement will run concurrently with the Franchise 
Agreement.  You do not have the right to renew or extend, but 
if we agree, in our sole discretion, to re-license, you may be 
asked to sign a new HITS Agreement with materially different 
terms and conditions from the original HITS Agreement. 
d. Termination by 
you  
FA §13.4 and 13.5 
You are not authorized to terminate the Franchise Agreement 
before expiration of the Term.  If you unilaterally terminate the 
Franchise Agreement without cause, it is a material breach of 
the Franchise Agreement, and you must pay to us, on 
demand, Liquidated Damages, or we may seek to recover 
actual damages in certain circumstances. 
HITS Agreement – 
Not applicable 
You must operate under the HITS Agreement as long as the 
Franchise Agreement is in effect. 
e. Termination by 
us without 
cause 
FA §11.1 
Condemnation:  you must immediately inform us of any 
proposed taking of any portion of the hotel by eminent 
domain, and we may terminate the Franchise Agreement on 
notice to you and will release you from the obligation to pay 
Liquidated Damages. 
FA §11.2 
Casualty:  You must immediately inform us if the Hotel is 
damaged by fire or other casualty, or Event of Force Majeure. 
If the casualty requires closing of the Hotel, you may choose 
to repair or rebuild according to the Standards provided that 
the hotel reopens no later than 18 months after the closing.  If 
you elect not to repair or rebuild the hotel after a 
condemnation or casualty to the hotel, we may terminate the 
franchise agreement on notice to you.  We will release you 
from the obligation to pay Liquidated Damages as long as you 
