 
17 
2025 US HOMEWOOD 
3. 
You must use our required business computer systems, which we may periodically 
change. Currently, we require you to acquire and install the hardware and software for our 
required OnQ system, Guest Internet Access system, GRO System, Delphi system, Connected 
Room system, Digital Floor Plan, Digital Key system, and the Hilton Opening Transition Tool. You 
must pay our affiliate, HSS, certain initial set up fees for some of these systems but not all of 
them, as described below. 
OnQ System.  Currently, we require you to use the “OnQ” system, which connects System Hotels 
to Hilton’s reservation offices and travel planners worldwide. OnQ is comprised of proprietary 
components for reservations, property management, revenue management, rate & inventory 
management, forecast management, learning management, and other components for the 
operation of the Hotel. The complete OnQ package currently includes certain hardware, software, 
installation, and support.   
You may acquire the hardware from our affiliate, HSS, or its preferred providers, or you may 
purchase or lease it from other (non-preferred) third-party vendors. You must acquire the OnQ 
software components from HSS or our designated vendors because certain elements are 
proprietary. The property management system component within the OnQ system is called the 
Hilton Property Management System ("HPMS”). HPMS may also be referred to as the Property 
Engagement Platform (“PEP®”).  We developed HPMS in collaboration with HotelKey, Inc., a third-
party technology company. Certain elements of HPMS are proprietary to Hilton. If you purchase 
the standard OnQ package from HSS, we estimate that it will cost within the range shown here 
for our prototype size of hotel shown in Item 7. This includes hardware, software, installation and 
certain other costs and fees, and is based on the size of the Hotel and number of workstations. 
We are not able to determine a separate market price for the OnQ system because there is no 
third-party market for OnQ in its entirety. See Item 11 for details. 
You must update and upgrade (“refresh”) the OnQ system at least every 3 years, or such longer 
period as we may specify. We may also require you to refresh the OnQ system in connection with 
a Change of Ownership or Relicensing, when a new franchise agreement is signed.  We anticipate 
that cost of this to be the same or less than the cost of the original installations (but not including 
any elements that were needed for the original installation only).   
Guest Internet Access System. You must provide internet access for all guest rooms and public 
spaces at your Hotel in accordance with our Standards (“Guest Internet Access”). Currently, our 
approved Guest Internet Access program is called “StayConnected.” The initial set-up costs of 
this system are paid to vendors. See Item 11 for details. 
GRO System. You must install our required Global Revenue Optimization (“GRO”) system. The 
GRO system is an online application that utilizes third-party software to provide pricing 
recommendations for your Hotel based on data analytics and forecasting. You are not required to 
adopt the pricing recommendations provided by GRO. The initial set-up costs of this system that 
are paid to HSS are shown in this table. See Item 11 for details. 
Delphi System. You must install our required “Delphi” system, which is a cloud-based sales and 
events system from Amadeus Hospitality. You must pay the initial set-up costs of this system to 
the vendor. See Item 11 for details. 
Connected Room System. You must install our “Connected Room” system, which provides an 
assortment of streaming apps and allows guests to control their guest room television using the 
Hilton Honors App. Currently, there are no initial set up costs that are payable to us or our 
affiliates. The initial set up costs are paid to the vendor, and the ongoing monthly support fees are 
paid to us. See Items 6 and 11 for details.   
