Lender 
Re: 
Hotel Name – Facility No. _____ 
             Mezzanine Lender Comfort Letter 
Page 6 
{004028-999987 M0027976.DOC; 1} 
default with respect to the Loan and is not aware of any issue that currently constitutes a default under 
the Loan and that Lender has not taken any action intended to result in Lender acquiring possession of 
the Hotel and/or ownership of Franchisee. 
 
 
(g) 
Lender hereby fully and forever releases, discharges, and agrees to indemnify, 
defend and hold harmless the Released Parties from any and all Released Claims by Lender based on 
any facts, events, or omissions occurring before the execution of this letter agreement which arise out of, 
concern, pertain, or relate in any way to this letter agreement. [IF LENDER IS A PARTY TO EXISTING 
COMFORT LETTER:, ADD or the Existing Comfort Letter.] [FOR CANADA ONLY ; provided, however 
that this release will not relieve any of the Released Parties from any liability imposed by the Ontario 
Arthur Wishart Act (Franchise Disclosure), 2000, that may have existed as of the Effective Date of this 
Assignment.] 
 
7. 
[IF REQUESTED, CHECK REFERENCES in ¶¶ 3 / 6 Franchisor Estoppel.  Subject to 
the acknowledgement by Lender that Franchisor does not own or operate the Hotel, Franchisor hereby 
certifies to Lender that, to Franchisor’s knowledge as of the date indicated on the first page of this letter 
agreement, (a) the Franchise Agreement is in full force and effect, and (b) no Default currently exists 
under the Franchise Agreement. “Franchisor’s knowledge” means the actual knowledge of applicable 
and reasonably obvious Hotel operational matters regularly reviewed by company employees who have 
given their attention to such matters in the ordinary course of business and does not include any 
investigation by those employees or others of other matters or beyond their usual and customary reviews 
of the Hotel, nor does it include constructive notice of matters or information located in public or Hotel 
records. "Default" means matters which have been the subject of an actual notice of default under the 
Franchise Agreement and does not include matters which are or may be in process, under discussion, or 
otherwise addressed. [IF QUALIFIERS: Notwithstanding the foregoing, Lender is advised that the Hotel 
failed its most recent Quality Assurance Inspection, but the failure is not a Default ]. 
 
8. 
Assignment.  This letter agreement may not be assigned by Lender without the written 
consent of Franchisor; provided, however, Franchisor’s consent is not required for any assignment to: 
 
(a) 
a direct or indirect subsidiary or affiliate of Lender in connection with an 
Acquisition. 
 
(b) 
the trustee in a securitization if Lender (i) directly transfers the Loan to the 
trustee and (ii) gives notice to Franchisor within thirty (30) days of the transfer, identifying the new 
“Lender” and the new address for notice. If Lender fully complies with the provisions of this 
Subparagraph, Franchisor will recognize the trustee as “Lender” under this letter agreement but 
Franchisor may, in its discretion, reject any notice that is not sent by Lender or that is not sent in a timely 
manner in accordance with this Subparagraph. 
 
(c) 
[IF LENDER IS ACTING AS AN ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT:] any successor 
administrative agent with respect to the Loan if the successor is a national bank, state-chartered bank, 
commercial bank, or the U.S. branch of a foreign bank authorized to operate in the U.S., and the 
administrative agent identified as “Lender” under this letter agreement gives notice to Franchisor, 
identifying the new “Lender” and the new address for notice, within thirty (30) days of the transfer, but 
Franchisor may, in its discretion, reject any notice that is not sent by Lender or that is not sent in a timely 
manner in accordance with this Subparagraph. 
 
(d) 
any subsequent holder or holders of the Loan (“Assignee”) if (1) the Loan is not 
in default when notice is given; (2) Lender gives notice to Franchisor, identifying Assignee and the new 
address for notice, within thirty (30) days of the transfer; and (3) the Assignee (i) is a national bank, state-
chartered bank, commercial bank, investment bank, pension fund, finance company, insurance company, 
