{00264795-17} 
9 
 BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE 
be required of a new System Hotel under the Manual, and any other [INSERT FOR EY, PE, RU: Packages,] 
equipment, furnishings and supplies that we may require for you to operate the Hotel as set out in any PIP 
applicable to the Hotel.   
 
“Renovation Work Completion Date” means any date set out in the Addendum by which you must 
complete Renovation Work. 
 
“Reports” mean daily, monthly, quarterly and annual operating statements, profit and loss statements, 
balance sheets, and other financial and non-financial reports we require. 
 
“Reservation Service” means the reservation service we designate in the Standards for use by System 
Hotels.   
 
[INCLUDE ONLY IF RESTRICTED AREA PROVISION GRANTED: “Restricted Area Provision” has the 
meaning set forth in the Addendum.]  
 
“Room Addition Fee” means a sum equal to the then-current Room Addition Fee charged for new System 
Hotels multiplied by the number of Additional Guest Rooms you wish to add to the Hotel in accordance with 
Subsection 6.6.3. 
 
“Sanctioned Person” means any person, entity, or Government, including those with Control over such 
persons or entities, or acting on behalf of such persons or entity, who is subject to Trade Restrictions that 
prohibit or restrict the Parties’ performance of the Parties’ obligations under this Agreement. 
 
“Securities” means any public offering, private placement or other sale of securities in you, the Hotel or the 
Hotel Site. 
 
“Site” means domain names, the World Wide Web, the Internet, computer network/distribution systems, or 
other electronic communications sites, including mobile applications. 
 
“Standards” means all standards, specifications, requirements, criteria, and policies that have been and 
are in the future developed and compiled by us for use by you in connection with the design, construction, 
renovation, refurbishment, appearance, equipping, furnishing, supplying, opening, operating, maintaining, 
marketing, services, service levels, quality, and quality assurance of System Hotels, including the Hotel, 
and for hotel advertising and accounting, whether contained in the Manual or set out in this Agreement or 
other written communication. The Standards do not include any personnel policies or procedures that we 
may, at our option, make available to you.  You may, in your sole judgment, determine to what extent, if 
any, any such personnel policies or procedures might apply to the Hotel or Hotel Site. 
 
“System” means the elements, including know-how, that we designate to distinguish hotels operating 
worldwide under the Brand (as may in certain jurisdictions be preceded or followed by a supplementary 
identifier such as “by Hilton”) that provide to the consuming public a similar, distinctive, high-quality hotel 
service. The System currently includes: the Brand, the Marks, the Trade Name, and the Standards; access 
to a reservation service; advertising, publicity and other marketing programs and materials; training 
programs and materials; and programs for our inspection of the Hotel and consulting with you.  
 
“System Hotels” means hotels operating under the System using the Brand name and the Standards.  
 
[DELETE FOR GU, OL, PE, PO, UAB, EY: “System’s Average Monthly Royalty Fees” means the 
average Monthly Royalty Fees per Guest Room owed to us by all System Hotels in operation in the United 
States over the twelve (12) full calendar month period immediately preceding the month of termination (the 
“System’s Average Measurement Period”), multiplied by the number of approved Guest Rooms at the 
Hotel. Any temporary financial accommodations (including but not limited to any Monthly Fee discounts, 
fee ramps, or fee waivers) are excluded from the calculation of System’s Average Monthly Royalty Fees.  
For the avoidance of doubt, any System Hotel that has not been in operation for at least twelve (12) full 
