 
38 
2025 US HOMEWOOD 
franchisee based on a franchisee’s use of designated or pre-approved suppliers (the Franchise 
Agreement is non-renewable). 
We evaluate suppliers based on many factors, including: (i) the quality and cost of the products 
and/or services; (ii) the supplier’s established history in serving the System with products that 
consistently meet or exceed the standards and specifications as set forth in the Manual; (iii) the 
level of support and recognition of the supplier by us and our franchisees, as well as the System’s 
demand for those products/services; and (iv) the supplier’s ability to service the needs of the 
System. A portion of the revenues collected from rebates, administration fees and purchasing 
fees is used to offset the cost of establishing the purchasing programs and supporting the 
operating expenses of HSM.  
Our affiliate, Hilton JV Acquisition LLC, currently holds a non-controlling equity interest in 
Groups360 LLC (“Groups360”), which is a third-party vendor that provides lead generation, 
advisory, and marketing services to the hotel industry (including us, our System hotels, and 
competitors) for group and event business. Groups360 receives fees and commissions for the 
services it provides. As an equity owner, our affiliate may receive pro-rata share of distributions 
from Groups360. Currently, neither we nor any of our affiliates receive any other direct or indirect 
fees, rebates, discounts or other benefits from Groups360 in connection with purchases made by 
our franchisees, but we may in the future.  
 
Signage 
You must install, display, and maintain signage displaying or containing the Brand and other 
distinguishing characteristics in accordance with plans, specifications and standards we establish 
for System Hotels. You must purchase exterior signage from a vendor currently licensed by us.  
You may contact us for a current list in your area. 
Reservation Service 
You must use the Reservation Service for reservation referrals. You must also purchase computer 
terminal equipment and software compatible for use with the Reservation Service. The computer 
equipment and software you purchase for OnQ satisfies the requirement that you purchase 
computer equipment and software compatible with the Reservation Service. Although you must 
use the Reservation Service, you may also use other reservation services to refer reservations to 
(but not by or from) your Hotel. 
Business Computer Systems 
You must use our required business computer systems, which we may periodically change.  
Currently, we require you to use OnQ, which connects System Hotels to Hilton’s reservation 
offices and travel planners worldwide. For OnQ you must have certain hardware, software, 
installation, and support. We also require you to use our required Guest Internet Access System. 
For Guest Internet Access you must have certain hardware, software, an internet access circuit, 
and internet service. In addition, you must have  our designated GRO system, Delphi system, 
Connected Room system, a Digital Floor Plan, and Digital Key system that meet our Standards 
and specifications. All of these components must be acquired from either HSS or preferred 
providers or may be acquired from other (non-preferred) vendors, depending on the specific 
product or service and the individual circumstances of your Hotel. We will provide you with our 
Standards and specifications as appropriate, but we do not issue Standards or technical 
specifications that are proprietary or confidential without protections in place that we deem 
sufficient (such as vendor confidentiality agreements). At certain times there might be only one 
approved software vendor for certain applications, such as the GRO system and the Delphi 
