 
HITS Agreement (USA/CA) (PEP) (Version 6.2024) 
 
Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj% Version: %Version% 
(h) Make no unapproved repairs nor perform any unauthorized service to the Network Authorized Equipment.   
(i) Not allow any other equipment or software to be added to the Information System without prior specific written permission of 
HSS. 
(j) Allow the removal and future refreshment of Network Authorized Equipment at such time and in such manner as may be 
determined by HSS in its sole discretion. 
3. Customer’s Conditions.  All benefits provided Customer herein and all obligations of HSS under this TSP Agreement are expressly 
subject to and conditioned upon the following: 
(a) Customer is not, and continues not to be, in default of any agreement with HDOC HSS or any of their affiliates and 
subsidiaries, or any Brand division, including but not limited to this TSP Agreement, the HITS Agreement and Customer’s License 
Agreement with HDOC or its affiliate or subsidiary. 
(b) Customer continues to make all other payments to HSS’s Preferred Providers under any applicable agreements and does 
not become in default under such agreements. 
(c) Customer’s Hotel remains (after conversion and rebranding if applicable) one of the following Hilton Brand divisions:  Hampton 
Inn, Hampton Inn & Suites, Embassy Suites, Homewood Suites by Hilton, LXR, Canopy, Curio, Tapestry and Motto. 
(d) Customer executes the HITS Agreement contemporaneously with this TSP Agreement. 
(e) Customer’s participation and continued cooperation with HSS in HSS’s Total Solution Program, including, but not limited to, 
the refreshment of Network Authorized Equipment. 
(f) Customer allows the removal and future replacement or refreshment of Network Authorized Equipment at such time and in 
such manner as may be determined by HSS in its sole discretion. 
(g) If applicable, Customer must complete the Hotel’s conversion and rebranding as a Hilton Brand division hotel. 
4. Termination.  HSS may terminate the above Equipment License on the Network Authorized Equipment and all other obligations of HSS 
under this TSP Agreement at HSS’s option: (a) Immediately without notice in event of breach of Customer’s obligations or conditions set 
forth in Sections 2 and 3 above, or (b) at any time, with or without cause, upon not less than ninety (90) days advance written notice to 
Customer.  Any default by Customer under this TSP Agreement will constitute a default by Customer under the HITS Agreement, and, in 
such event, HSS may exercise any of its rights provided under the HITS Agreement.  Any default by Customer under the HITS Agreement 
will constitute a default and breach of condition by Customer under this TSP Agreement.  Termination of the HITS Agreement will result 
in termination of this TSP Agreement.  HSS may terminate this TSP Agreement without terminating the HITS Agreement, whereupon the 
HITS Agreement will be construed and enforced as if this TSP Agreement had never been entered into (subject to accrued rights and 
obligations). 
Upon termination of this TSP Agreement, Customer will be required to assume any remaining lease payments of HSS as to the Network 
Authorized Equipment that is provided Customer pursuant to this TSP Agreement or to purchase such equipment from HSS’s lessor.  
The costs (which will vary depending upon the equipment involved and the timing of the termination) and the various options available 
will be sent to Customer at the time of the notification of the upcoming termination.  Upon termination of this TSP Agreement, HSS will 
pass on to Customer, and Customer will be responsible for, all subsequent fees and costs of Equipment Maintenance and Software 
Maintenance.  If a termination occurs before the expiration of three (3) years since HSS incurred installation and/or service fees and costs 
in performing a refreshment of Network Authorized Equipment (“Refresh Costs”), then Customer will also reimburse HSS for the 
unamortized value (on a monthly basis over a thirty-six (36) month period) of such Refresh costs. 
In addition, if this TSP Agreement is terminated (or if Customer’s use of the Preferred Provider is terminated), Customer will pay to HSS 
a termination fee which is designed to reimburse the Preferred Provider and/or HSS in part for unamortized or otherwise uncovered costs, 
including without limitation costs of Certified Third Party Software and costs incurred in the start up and provision of maintenance services 
by the Preferred Provider under the HITS Agreement.  If such termination occurs or if Customer's use of the Preferred Provider is 
terminated following during the first year following the shipment date of the Network Authorized Equipment to Customer’s Hotel (“Start 
Date”), the termination fee will be in the amount of $3,600.00.  If such termination occurs during subsequent years following such Start 
Date, the termination fee will be as follows: 
During second year 
 
$2,600 
During third year  
 
$1,300 
Thereafter 
 
 
$1,200 
