 
37 
2025 US HOMEWOOD 
You may purchase the furniture, fixtures, and equipment (“FF&E”) and other supplies for your 
Hotel from any source as long as the Standards are met.  In the future, we may require you to 
purchase FF&E and supplies from a supplier approved by us, or we may require you to purchase 
a particular brand or model of supplies or equipment that is available only from one source, and 
we may derive profit as a result of those purchases. 
HSM, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hilton, negotiates with third-party manufacturers and suppliers 
for the distribution of hotel furniture, furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment and supplies, certain 
food and beverage supplies, and certain hotel services. You may but are not obligated to purchase 
specified items from HSM or such third parties, except as described in this Disclosure Document. 
HSM seeks to negotiate lower prices and preferred terms with manufacturers and suppliers, and 
then passes these benefits on to franchisees. HSM cannot guarantee that every item sourced 
under its program will provide a lower cost or better terms than are otherwise available in the 
market. HSM may negotiate purchase arrangements with manufacturers and suppliers for the 
benefit of our franchisees, all System Hotels, all Network Hotels, or any subset of each. 
Occasionally, HSM may negotiate special purchase arrangements with manufacturers and 
suppliers for franchisees or their management companies that operate multiple hotels. HSM may 
also permit competitor hotels or their management companies to participate in its purchase 
arrangements. This is done to help increase HSM’s overall purchasing volume and bargaining 
power. 
HSM has various discount agreements with manufacturers and suppliers, under which it receives 
rebates and allowances based on the total volume of sales purchased from the manufacturer. 
These fees include sales to franchisees by the manufacturers and in some cases, through 
suppliers. HSM also receives certain volume and national account marketing allowances from 
manufacturers in connection with the sale to franchisees of certain items, such as coffee, soft 
drinks, cleaning compounds, and paper products.  
 In addition, for two of our brands, LivSmart Studios by Hilton and Tru by Hilton, HSM is an optional 
approved procurement agency and may receive fees for providing procurement services. For one 
of our other brands, Spark by Hilton, HSM is the required procurement service provider. 
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, HSM had revenues of $19,614,010 in rebates and 
allowances on purchases made by franchisees of all of our brands.  
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, HSM had revenues from sales of goods, services 
and/or supplies to franchisees of all of our brands of $8,763,692. In addition, HSM receives cash 
discounts for early payment on orders it places with manufacturers and suppliers to fill purchase 
orders placed with it by franchisees of all of our brands.  
HSM negotiates pricing and purchasing terms with manufacturers and suppliers for the benefit of 
our System. HSM may receive an administrative fee from manufacturers and suppliers that is 
between 0.5% and 7% of the purchases made by our franchisees (depending on the specific 
item). For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, HSM had revenues of $38,697,912 in 
administrative fees on purchases made by franchisees of all of our brands. 
If you want to use a product, or a particular brand or model, that has not been specified as having 
met our standards, or if you want to purchase from an unapproved supplier an item that must be 
purchased from an approved supplier, then you can submit a written request for us to approve 
the product or supplier. We may require certain information or samples which you must provide 
at your expense. We will review all of the pertinent information. While we have no obligation to 
respond within a certain timeframe, our review typically takes 60 to 90 days to complete. We do 
not provide any material benefit (such as license renewal or the grant of additional licenses) to a 
