 
63 
2025 US HOMEWOOD 
If you wish to hire or are required to hire a Management Company to manage your Hotel, you 
must obtain our prior written approval.  Your Management Company must have the authority to 
perform all of your obligations under the Franchise Agreement, including all indemnity and 
insurance obligations. After we approve the Management Company, we can require the general 
manager and other personnel, such as the director of sales, to attend training programs that 
pertain to the operational functions of the Hotel related to those roles as are necessary to meet 
our Brand Standards. If your Management Company resigns or is terminated by you, or otherwise 
becomes unsuitable or unqualified to operate the Hotel as determined by us, in our sole judgment, 
you must retain a new Management Company that is acceptable to us within 90 days.    
You are solely responsible for the management and operation of your Hotel at all times, regardless 
of whether you are an individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other entity.  
Your engagement of a Management Company does not reduce your obligations under the 
Franchise Agreement.  We may communicate directly with your managers and Management 
Company, and we have the right to rely on their communications to us as being on made your 
behalf.   
We will not require you or your Management Company to sign an agreement not to compete with 
us after the Franchise Agreement terminates or expires. However, you may not engage, directly 
or indirectly, in any cross-marketing or cross-promotion of your Hotel with any other hotel, motel 
or related business without our prior written consent, except for System Hotels or Network Hotels. 
You and your Management Company must not copy or disclose any confidential or proprietary 
materials without our prior written consent. 
In addition, you may not be a Competitor (defined below) and we reserve the right to not approve 
a Competitor, or any entity that is the exclusive manager for a Competitor through itself or an 
affiliate, to manage your Hotel. If your Management Company becomes a Competitor, you will 
have 90 days to retain a qualified substitute Management Company that we approve.  
A "Competitor" means any individual or entity that at any time during the Term, whether directly 
or through an affiliate, owns in whole or in part, or is the licensor or franchisor of, a Competing 
Brand, irrespective of the number of hotels owned, licensed or franchised by the Competitor under 
such Competing Brand. A Competitor does not include an individual or entity that: (i) is a 
franchisee of a Competing Brand; (ii) manages a Competing Brand hotel, so long as the individual 
or entity is not the exclusive manager of the Competing Brand; or (iii) owns a minority interest in 
a Competing Brand, so long as neither that individual or entity nor any of its affiliates is an officer, 
director, or employee of the Competing Brand, or exercises, or has the right to exercise, control 
over the business decisions of the Competing Brand. A “Competing Brand” means a hotel brand 
or trade name that, in our sole business judgment, competes with the System or any Network 
Hotel.   
After a review of the financial information submitted with your Application and the proposed 
ownership of the Hotel and real property, we determine guaranty requirements. Each required 
guarantor, who may include the spouse of an owner of the Hotel or the franchisee, must sign a 
Guaranty, by which the guarantor assumes and agrees to discharge certain of the Franchisee's 
obligations under the Franchise Agreement. In addition, we may require you to provide a Guaranty 
from a third party acceptable to us as a condition to our issuing a lender comfort letter for a loan 
related to the Hotel or as a condition to our consent to certain kinds of loans you or your principals 
may obtain. Such loans may include those in which the Hotel loan will be cross-collateralized 
and/or cross-defaulted with loans to other hotels or loans secured by the Hotel that are not for the 
direct benefit of the Hotel.  If we send you a written notice of default, we may also require you to 
provide a Guaranty from a third party acceptable to us covering all of your obligations under the 
Franchise Agreement. A copy of the Guaranty is attached as Exhibit E.  
