 
39 
2025 US HOMEWOOD 
system. See Items 5, 6, and 11 for details. In the future, any of the products or services may be 
manufactured or provided by an approved supplier who is also our client or supplier. See Item 8 
above regarding HSS and other affiliate revenues related to the required business computer 
systems. 
Promotional Programs 
We may develop promotional programs with third-party companies that feature those companies’ 
branded products or services being offered or used by our System Hotels. By way of example, 
we have collaborated with Tesla Inc., in connection with our electric vehicle (EV) charging 
program, and with Mars Petcare and its family of pet care brands in connection with our pet-
friendly hotel programs. We may launch, modify, and end any such promotional programs at any 
time. We may require or permit your Hotel to participate in these promotional programs, which 
can involve: (1) offering specified promotional program products or services to guests; (2) 
participating in related marketing efforts; (3) following related operating Standards; (4) purchasing 
and using certain related equipment and supplies; and (5) paying any fees or costs associated 
with the promotional programs (if any). We may designate approved suppliers for any such 
promotional programs or related products and services, and we and our affiliates may receive 
fees, rebates, and other revenues from your purchases related to these promotional programs as 
described in this Item 8.  
Construction and Renovation 
Before we permit you to proceed with your plans for construction or remodeling of the hotel, and 
any time you make changes that affect usability or access to your Hotel, your architect or other 
applicable certified professional must certify to us that the hotel's plans and specifications comply 
with all Laws related to accessibility/accommodations/facilities for those with disabilities, as further 
described in the Manual. You may be required to complete an ADA Survey, in conjunction with 
an approved ADA consultant and in the form required by us, to determine if the hotel is in 
compliance with the ADA, within 30 days of our request.  The process for completing the survey, 
and other requirements related to it, are set forth in the Manual.  If requested, you must arrange 
for us and/or our affiliates to participate in all progress meetings during the development and 
construction of the hotel, to have access to all contract and construction documents for the hotel 
and to have access to the hotel during reasonable business hours to inspect the hotel and its 
construction, completion, furnishing and equipment for conformity to the finally-approved 
construction documents. However, we and our affiliates have no obligation to participate in 
progress meetings or to inspect the hotel. Our approval is not a representation of the adequacy 
of the plans and specifications, the structural integrity, or the sufficiency of the mechanical and 
electrical systems for the hotel.  When you begin construction or conversion of the hotel and 
before your Hotel opens for business, both you and your architect or general contractor must 
provide us with a certificate stating that the plans and as-built premises comply with all applicable 
legal requirements relating to accessibility/accommodations/ facilities for those with disabilities, 
as described in the Manual. If the hotel does not comply with the ADA, you must submit a plan to 
the ADA consultant detailing the plan to bring the hotel into compliance in accordance with the 
process in the Manual.  We may choose not to approve your opening if your Hotel is not compliant 
with the ADA. 
We currently estimate that the required purchases described above represent about 15% to 20% 
of the cost to establish a new System Hotel and about 2% to 5% of operating expenses. 
During the term of the Franchise Agreement and any term extensions, we may periodically require 
you to make additional expenditures and investments to update and maintain your Hotel in 
