 
33 
2025 US HOMEWOOD 
Type of Expenditure 
Amount 
Method of 
Payment 
When Due 
To Whom 
Payment Is to 
Be Made 
Miscellaneous Pre-
Opening and Project 
Management Expenses  
(Note 17) 
$435,000 to $660,000 
As agreed 
As incurred 
Suppliers 
Contingencies 
(Note 18) 
$1,450,000 to $2,200,000 
As agreed 
As incurred 
Suppliers 
Additional Funds  
(Note 19) 
$600,000 to $1,000,000 
As agreed 
As incurred 
Suppliers 
Other Required Pre-
Opening Services Fees 
(Note 20) 
$6,000 
Lump sum 
Before opening 
Us 
TOTAL  
(Note 21) 
$20,824,955 to $32,522,797 
 
THESE FIGURES DO NOT INCLUDE REAL ESTATE COSTS, MARKET 
STUDIES, INSURANCE, INTEREST OR SEPARATELY IDENTIFY THE COST OF 
IMPROVEMENTS UNDER A CONVERSION, RE-LICENSING OR CHANGE OF 
OWNERSHIP LICENSE. 
 
NOTES 
 
1. 
See Item 5 for more information about the Franchise Application Fee. The Franchise 
Application Fee in the table is calculated based on the room count shown in this table. 
 
2. 
If you apply to convert an existing hotel to a Brand hotel or apply for a Change of 
Ownership or Re-licensing, we charge a PIP fee to determine the upgrading requirements for the 
hotel.   
 
3. 
For all new Brand hotels, we recommend and may require a market study from a nationally 
recognized independent firm which discusses the competition for your proposed hotel, together 
with a minimum 5-year operating pro forma from you, based on the market study, showing your 
anticipated operating results. While we do not require prospective franchisees who are converting 
existing hotels to obtain a market study, occasionally we may encourage a prospective franchisee 
to commission a market study to evaluate the economic consequences of Conversion. Our 
acceptance of the market study with a pro forma is not a financial performance representation on 
our part or a ratification of the projections performed by the consultant. 
 
4. 
Before you purchase the land, you should, at a minimum, consider obtaining an 
environmental assessment to determine the environmental condition of the land. Based on this 
report, additional investigations and tests may be necessary before you make your purchase 
decision. Many lenders will require an environmental assessment report before lending purchase 
money. 
 
5.  
These estimates do not include the cost of the real property due to wide variations in costs 
among geographic areas and at different sites. The cost of land for a hotel varies depending on 
location, size, market prices in the area, accessibility, and special assessments, among other 
factors.  If you are converting an existing hotel that you already own or lease, you may have no 
additional real property costs.  
