Lender 
Re: 
Hotel Name – Facility No. _____ 
Page 7 
{004028-999987 M0028580.DOC; 1} 
and reasonably obvious Hotel operational matters regularly reviewed by company employees who have 
given their attention to such matters in the ordinary course of business and does not include any 
investigation by those employees or others of other matters or beyond their usual and customary reviews 
of the Hotel, nor does it include constructive notice of matters or information located in public or Hotel 
records. "Default" means matters which have been the subject of an actual notice of default under the 
Franchise Agreement and does not include matters which are or may be in process, under discussion, or 
otherwise addressed. [IF QUALIFIERS: Notwithstanding the foregoing, Lender is advised that the Hotel 
failed its most recent Quality Assurance Inspection, but the failure is not a Default.]  
 
8. 
Assignment.  This letter agreement may not be assigned by Lender without the written 
consent of Franchisor; provided, however, Franchisor’s consent is not required for any assignment to: 
 
(a) 
a direct or indirect subsidiary or affiliate of Lender in connection with an 
Acquisition. 
 
(b) 
the trustee in a securitization if Lender (i) directly transfers the Loan to the 
trustee and (ii) gives notice to Franchisor within thirty (30) days of the transfer, identifying the new 
“Lender” and the new address for notice. If Lender fully complies with the provisions of this 
Subparagraph, Franchisor will recognize the trustee as “Lender” under this letter agreement; but 
Franchisor may, in its discretion, reject any notice that is not sent by Lender or that is not sent in a timely 
manner in accordance with this Subparagraph. 
 
(c) 
[IF LENDER IS ACTING AS AN ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT:] any successor 
administrative agent with respect to the Loan if the successor is a national bank, a state-chartered bank, 
commercial bank, or the U.S. branch of a foreign bank authorized to operate in the U.S., and the 
administrative agent identified as “Lender” under this letter agreement gives notice to Franchisor, 
identifying the new “Lender” and the new address for notice, within thirty (30) days of the transfer, but 
Franchisor may, in its discretion, reject any notice that is not sent by Lender or that is not sent in a timely 
manner in accordance with this Subparagraph.  
 
(d) 
any subsequent holder or holders of the Loan (“Assignee”) if (1) the Loan is not 
in default when notice is given; (2) Lender gives notice to Franchisor, identifying Assignee and the new 
address for notice, within thirty (30) days of the transfer; and (3) the Assignee (i) is a national bank, state-
chartered bank, commercial bank, investment bank, pension fund, finance company, insurance company, 
or other financial institution engaged in the business of making loans or any fund managed by any of the 
foregoing, (ii) is not a Competitor of Franchisor, and (iii) does not own directly or indirectly, any equity 
interest in Franchisee or its constituent owners; provided, however, that Franchisor may, in its discretion, 
reject a notice if the Loan is in default when notice is given, or if the notice is not sent by Lender, or if 
notice is not sent in a timely manner in accordance with this Subparagraph. On receipt and acceptance of 
the notice, Franchisor will promptly prepare its then-current form of Assignment and Assumption 
Agreement (“Assignment”) and Lender and Assignee must promptly execute and return the Assignment. 
Franchisor may charge a nominal fee for processing the Assignment. If there is more than one Assignee, 
the Assignees must (i) designate a single representative to receive notices, negotiate on behalf of and 
bind each Assignee in connection with this letter agreement and any assignment thereof, and 
(ii) acknowledge that Franchisor shall be entitled to rely on such designation and deal solely with such 
representative without the necessity of notifying, negotiating with, or obtaining the consent of, each 
Assignee. 
 
9. 
Communication with Lender.  Franchisee agrees that Franchisor may discuss with 
Lender or its designee the status of the Hotel, the Franchise Agreement, or any matter to which Lender is 
entitled to notice under the terms of this letter agreement.  Franchisee agrees that the Released Parties 
