 
49 
2025 US HOMEWOOD 
Subject 
Hours of 
Classroom 
Training 
Hours of On 
the Job 
Training 
Location 
Owner Orientation  
(Note 10) 
16 
0 
Virtual 
New to Hospitality Owner 
Education  
(Note 11) 
20 
0 
Virtual 
Homewood Suites Brand 
Hospitality Orientation  
(Note 12) 
8 
0 
On-site 
Revenue Management @ Work  
(Note 13) 
16 
0 
Dallas, TX, or Virtual 
Extended-Stay Sales Training 
(Note 14) 
4 
2 
Online and On-site 
NOTES 
1. 
Brand Conference.  We require participation by your general manager and director of 
sales (or equivalent) in an annual Brand or regional conference. Conference program fees and 
expenses are not refundable. The conference may be held at various hotel locations.  Currently, 
the cost is $2,500 per attendee.  
2. 
General Manager, Commercial and Sales Leader Training. Your general manager and 
other commercial leaders must complete this virtual learning program within 90 days of their start 
date. This training is required for all new general managers and commercial leaders, and those 
who have been away from the Brand or the role for more than 24 months.  When a qualified 
general manager or commercial leader leaves the role, you must have a replacement person 
(even if temporary) complete the training so that your Hotel does not have more than 90 days 
without a qualified person overseeing the function. The specific curriculum of this training and the 
attendant cost may vary based on the trainee’s experience in the role. Currently, the cost is up to 
$1,200. 
3. 
Hilton Property Management System (HPMS) Training.  Before the opening of your 
Hotel, all Hotel staff that will be utilizing HPMS must first complete their respective training based 
on their role. This training is mandatory for all personnel working in the designated subject areas. 
We will verify that all front desk staff and management have successfully completed training. If 
your staff have not completed the required training, the opening of your Hotel may be delayed. 
Currently, there is no separate fee for this training. 
4. 
OnQ Rate & Inventory and GRO Training. Before your Hotel opens, all staff that will be 
utilizing the OnQ Rate and Inventory Management component must complete their respective 
self-paced web-based training and obtain a certificate of completion. We will verify that all 
reservations and revenue management staff have successfully completed training and have 
passed a certification test by at least a minimum score of 90%. Up to 3 of your management staff 
must be certified, based on the number of rooms. If your staff does not attain the minimum score, 
the opening of your Hotel may be delayed. Currently there is no separate fee for this training. 
5. 
Hilton Honors Training.  The Hilton Honors Training is online through Hilton University.  
This training program is mandatory for all management personnel in key functions and applicable 
front office personnel and must be completed before the Hotel opens, or is converted, or within 
14 to 45 days of their start date, depending on job position. Currently, there is no separate fee for 
this training. 
