 
35 
2025 US HOMEWOOD 
12. 
If you want to engage in a Permitted Transfer, Conversion, Relicensing or Change of 
Ownership Transfer for the hotel, we may require you to complete an independent survey 
conducted by an ADA consultant to determine the hotel’s compliance with the ADA. 
13. 
Your Franchise Agreement contains a deadline by which construction or renovation work 
must begin. After the expiration of any automatic extensions without a fee, you may request a 
further extension of this deadline, and must pay the applicable fee if we approve your request. 
14. 
You must maintain the minimum levels and types of insurance specified in the Manual at 
your expense. This insurance must be with insurers having minimum ratings we specify; name as 
additional insureds the parties we specify in the Manual; and carry the endorsements and notice 
requirements we specify in the Manual. Insurance premiums vary widely by reason of location, 
size of hotel and type of coverage purchased and cannot be estimated.  
15. 
Actual cost depends on work done by an accountant and attorney, and standard regional 
rates. 
16. 
The licenses and permits you must obtain to operate your Hotel vary depending on the 
state, county or other political subdivision in which the hotel is located. 
17. 
You may incur pre-opening expenses for additional personnel training; sales; 
administrative and general expenses; project management; technical services; advertising; 
security deposits, utility deposits, and opening festivities. Because there are so many variables 
for an existing hotel, we cannot estimate these pre-conversion expenses for a franchisee 
converting an existing hotel. 
18. “Contingencies” means unanticipated construction cost overruns and other unanticipated 
expenses.  Because there are so many variables for an existing hotel, we cannot estimate these 
pre-conversion contingencies for a franchisee converting an existing hotel. You should assume it 
will be at least 10% of construction costs. 
19. 
This estimates your initial operating expenses for 3 months after opening, including payroll 
costs.  These figures are estimates only and you may have additional expenses starting the 
business. Your costs will depend on such factors as your management decisions, local economic 
conditions, competition, and how quickly occupancy rates increase after opening.   
20. 
See Item 5 for more information on required pre-opening services fees.  
21. 
In compiling these estimates, we relied on Hilton’s 60+ years of experience in operating 
or franchising hotels.  You should review these figures carefully with a business advisor before 
making any decision to purchase the franchise. The expenses shown in these charts are for 
typical New Development and Conversion hotels of the type and size shown.  In a Conversion, 
your costs will depend on the type and condition of your existing hotel, its age, physical structure, 
and quality of furnishing. Because there are so many variables involving any particular existing 
hotel, we are unable to provide an estimate of costs. 
ITEM 8 
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
This Item describes your obligations to buy or lease products or services from us or our designees, 
from suppliers we permit you to use, or in accordance with our specifications.  
