 
51 
2025 US HOMEWOOD 
completed within 120 days of their start date. This training is designed to strengthen the Hotel’s 
revenue management function, building on a pre-requisite eLearning course. This training may 
be taken either virtually or in person. Currently, the cost is $600 per attendee.  
 
14. 
Extended-Stay Sales Training. Your general manager and director of sales (or 
equivalent) must complete this training within 9 months of their start date. This training is designed 
to help learners understand the unique characteristics of the extended-stay market segment, set 
strategic goals, navigate the intricacies of marketing to guests in this market segment and serve 
their  specific needs. Currently, there is no separate fee for this training. 
 
Online and web-based programming is self-paced training that trainees can access at any time.  
For other training, unless otherwise noted, we will provide the training on an as needed basis.  
 
Our instructors and presenters generally have a minimum of 2 to 5 years’ experience in the subject 
taught. We use a variety of instructional materials in connection with our training programs, 
including our Manual, digital media clips, DVDs, HU Connect social learning site, self-paced 
eLearning programs, other media, and print and virtual handbooks. We may modify these 
materials or use other materials for the training programs. 
 
We and our affiliates offer many additional optional learning programs and may develop additional 
learning programs at any time.  You must pay any fees associated with required and optional 
training courses. We may also charge for training materials. You pay for any travel, lodging and 
miscellaneous expenses of your attendees. For programs that include travel by our (or our 
affiliate’s) trainers to your Hotel site, you may also be required to pay travel, lodging, tax and 
meals of the trainers. 
 
Operational Phase Services 
During the operation of the franchised business, we will: 
1. 
Periodically publish (either in hard copy or electronic form or both) and make available to 
the traveling public a directory that includes System Hotels, including your Hotel. 
Additionally, we will include the Hotel, or cause the Hotel to be included, where applicable, 
in advertising of System Hotels and in international, national and regional marketing 
programs offered by us, subject to and in accordance with our general practice for System 
Hotels (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.4).   
2. 
Afford you access to the Reservation Service on the same basis as other System Hotels, 
as long as you are in full compliance with the obligations set forth in the Franchise 
Agreement, including all Standards set forth in the Manual. Our Reservation Service 
currently connects System Hotels to our global reservations database and global 
distribution systems. (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.2). However, if your Hotel is in 
default we may suspend our obligations to you under the Franchise Agreement, including 
removing the listing of your Hotel from any directories we publish and from any advertising 
we publish, assessing any applicable non-compliance fee, and/or suspending or removing 
your Hotel from the Reservations Service. (Franchise Agreement, Section 13.3). 
 
3. 
Administer a quality assurance program for the System that may include conducting 
periodic inspections of the hotel and guest satisfaction surveys and audits to ensure 
compliance with System Standards (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.5). 
