 
7 
2025 US HOMEWOOD 
In addition to competing with lodging facilities that offer services comparable to the System, you 
may also compete with lodging designed to serve particular segments of the market and to fill 
particular lodging demands. 
We and our affiliates engage in a wide range of business activities in lodging and related services, 
both directly and through the activities of our and their parents and affiliates. Some of these 
activities may be competitive with your Hotel and the System. We and/or our affiliates may own, 
operate, franchise, license, acquire, create or establish, or serve as franchisee or licensee for, 
competitive guest lodging facilities or networks anywhere, including within any Restricted Area, 
under any brands or Marks (but not under the Brand or Mark “Homewood Suites by Hilton” within 
any Restricted Area). We and/or our affiliates may also furnish services, products, advice and 
support to guest lodging facilities, networks, properties or concepts located anywhere, including 
within any Restricted Area, in any manner that we, or our affiliates determine. We and/or any of 
our affiliates may be sold to or otherwise acquired by an existing competitor or newly formed entity 
which itself has established or may establish competitive guest lodging facilities located anywhere 
(provided that any Restricted Area protections will be observed). Further, we and/or our affiliates 
may purchase, merge, acquire, or affiliate in any other way with any franchised or non-franchised 
network or chain of guest lodging facilities or any other business operating guest lodging facilities 
regardless of the location of that network, chain or other business’s facilities, including within any 
Restricted Area, and that we may operate, franchise or license those other facilities under any 
brands or Marks anywhere regardless of the location of those businesses and/or facilities.  There 
is no mechanism for resolving any conflicts that may arise between your Hotel and other hotels 
described in this paragraph. 
Laws, Rules and Regulations 
Your hotel business must conform to innkeeper liability laws, laws and regulations regarding 
health and safety, food handling and preparation, menu and labeling laws, alcoholic beverage 
control laws and dram shop acts, license, certificate and permit requirements for hotel and 
restaurant operation and occupancy, laws regulating the posting of hotel room rates, hotel room 
occupancy tax laws, and laws applicable to public accommodations and services such as the 
Americans with Disabilities Act (“ADA”). In addition, the general business laws, rules and 
regulations which apply to hotels in your jurisdiction will affect you. This includes any government 
orders related to emergent conditions, such as natural disasters and public health emergencies. 
You should your lawyer about each of the laws and regulations that apply in your area. 
ITEM 2 
BUSINESS EXPERIENCE 
Below is a list of the directors, principal officers, and other individuals who have management 
responsibility for the sale or operation of the franchise offered under this Disclosure Document.  
The location of employment for each person is McLean, Virginia unless stated otherwise.   
 
Chief Executive Officer and President: Christopher J. Nassetta 
Mr. Nassetta has served as Chief Executive Officer and President of Hilton Worldwide since 
September 2013. He has served as Chief Executive Officer and President of Hilton since 
December 2007 and was also a Director of Hilton from December 2007 to October 2013.  He 
served as our Chief Executive Officer and President from October 2013 to January 2015.  He 
served as Chief Executive Officer and President of the former franchising entities from October 
2013 until April 2015.   
 
