 
30 
2025 US HOMEWOOD 
Currently, these programs include the Hilton Honors™ guest reward program operated by Hilton 
Honors Worldwide, and airline and rental car company frequent user programs in which Hilton 
participates.  
Hilton Honors members may accumulate Hilton Honors points with most stays for all eligible 
dollars spent at participating Hilton Honors hotels. Hilton Honors members may also earn points 
in connection with our special promotions, marketing partnerships, and other activities, programs, 
and initiatives, including for example arrangements we have in place with certain travel programs, 
credit card companies, dining organizations, ride-share companies, and others. The only room 
rates that are not eligible for Hilton Honors points are wholesale/tour operator packages, 
contracted airline crew rates, complimentary or barter rooms, stays on NET Group/Series 
Group/IT Group rates, contracted Entertainment or Encore rates, stays using airline percent-off 
award certificates, stays that are booked via third-party websites other than the websites of Hilton 
Honors airline partners. Hilton Honors members may redeem their accumulated points for 
discounted and free hotel room nights and other rewards. Terms of the Hilton Honors program 
are subject to change. Pricing is subject to change and is reviewed annually. 
These basic program fees are assessed on any stay for which a guest earns Hilton Honors points. 
Additional Hilton Honors bonus points that members earn as a result of promotional activities, 
programs, and initiatives that your Hotel participates in will result in an additional fee payable by 
your Hotel based on a set cost per point or a percentage of the eligible guest folio, depending on 
the type of promotional activity, program, or initiative. All program costs are subject to change. 
In addition to the basic program fees outlined above, hotels are also responsible for the cost of 
certain guest amenities provided to Hilton Honors members. Hotels must allocate a certain 
percentage of rooms inventory for free night reward redemption by Hilton Honors members as 
specified by the Hilton Honors program. Hotels will be reimbursed for these reward redemptions 
on the same basis as other similarly situated participating hotels as specified by the Hilton Honors 
program. If your Hotel is re-licensed and had paid a lower fee in the past, it will be assessed the 
then-current standard fee when your new franchise term begins. 
7. 
We currently provide an online booking platform for group events that allows guests to 
check rates and availability and book guestrooms and event space (within certain limits on the 
number of rooms, room nights, and meeting space size). Guests may search for a hotel and rate 
and complete the booking contract online. We may pass-through all or a portion of this fee to third 
party vendors that help to provide or maintain the platform. This fee may be refunded or adjusted 
for certain cancellations or modifications. Terms and conditions of this program are subject to 
change. 
8. 
The term “Hotel’s Average Monthly Royalty Fees” means: (a) if the Hotel has been 
operating for at least 24 months, the amount of all Monthly Royalty Fees due under the Franchise 
Agreement for the 24 month period before the month of termination (the “Measurement Period”) 
divided by 24; and (b) if the Hotel has not been operating for at least 24 months, the amount of 
all Monthly Royalty Fees due under the Franchise Agreement for the period between the Opening 
Date and the termination date divided by the number of months between the Opening Date and 
the termination date.    
 
The term “System’s Average Monthly Royalty Fees” means the average Monthly Royalty Fees 
per Guest Room owed to us by all System Hotels in operation in the United States over the 12 
full calendar month period immediately preceding the month of termination (the “System’s 
Average Measurement Period”), multiplied by the number of approved Guest Rooms at the Hotel. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any System Hotel that has not been in operation for at least 12 full 
