 
47 
2025 US HOMEWOOD 
Delphi System 
You must use Delphi.fdc, a cloud-based sales and events system powered by Amadeus 
Hospitality, in a configuration we approve. The set-up costs of this system are between $900 and 
$16,900. Additional set-up costs may apply, depending on the implementation approach you 
choose and the specific needs of your Hotel. You will pay the set-up costs to the vendor directly.  
You must also pay annual license fees and maintenance costs of $858 per user per year. You 
will pay all Delphi system fees to HSS, which are passed through to the vendor. The optional on-
property license fee includes a 10% mark-up, which we keep to help cover our costs in developing 
and maintaining the Delphi system for Network Hotels.  Depending on your Hotel’s technology 
configuration, you may be required to utilize the MeetingBroker lead distribution platform, which 
integrates with Delphi.fdc and other group booking systems. MeetingBroker is also powered by 
Amadeus Hospitality. There are no separate fees for the MeetingBroker lead distribution platform, 
although you may be required to sign a separate license agreement with Amadeus Hospitality to 
use it. We are not obligated to provide any maintenance or updates for either of these systems. 
You must maintain and update them at your cost to remain in compliance with the Standards. 
There are no limits on the frequency or cost of this obligation. We will have independent access 
to your Hotel’s event sales information stored in these systems (including accounts, inventory, 
bookings and other data). There are no contractual limitations on our right to access this 
information.   
Digital Floor Plan 
You must pay $1,500 for the preparation of a Digital Floor Plan for your Hotel. HSS will have the 
Digital Floor Plan prepared by a local vendor. The floor plan will be used by us and our affiliates, 
including Hilton Honors Worldwide, to allow Hilton Honors guests to choose their room from a 
map of the hotel and enable digital check-in. This fee is paid to HSS before opening, and is not 
refundable. 
Digital Key 
You must use our Digital Key system, which enables hotel guests to open their guest room doors 
wirelessly (without a physical door key) through the Hilton Honors App. This effectively allows 
guests to use their mobile phone as their room key.  There is no separate charge for the Digital 
Key system. The software for the system is within the OnQ system described above, and the 
hardware consists of electronic door locksets and a programming device which are included in 
the construction cost estimates in Item 7 above. 
Other Business Systems 
For the operation of any other business computer systems you may choose to use outside of 
OnQ, including but not limited to financial and accounting systems, point of sale, telephone, 
timekeeping and payroll, certain inventory systems, and spa and health club memberships (if 
applicable), you are able to contract with the supplier of your choice for both the hardware and 
software, subject to meeting our Standards on features and functionality. The only restriction 
would be where such hardware and software need to interface to OnQ. In those instances, your 
choice of supplier would be restricted to those that have a working interface to OnQ. The 
hardware, software, and interfaces must be installed by, and fees must be paid to, the respective 
vendors you choose. 
 
 
