 
31 
2025 US HOMEWOOD 
calendar months immediately preceding the month of termination is not included in determining 
the System’s Average Monthly Royalty Fees. 
 
In calculating these averages, any temporary financial accommodations and periods of Business 
Interruption are excluded. Temporary financial accommodations include any fee discounts, 
ramps, or waivers. Business Interruptions are periods of time in which a majority of the Guest 
Rooms were removed from service or regular Hotel operations were suspended for more than 90 
days. In the case of Business Interruptions, the applicable measurement period will be adjusted 
earlier in time to account for the months in which the Business Interruption occurred. 
 
9. 
ResMax is optional unless you are opening a new hotel or undergoing a Change of 
Ownership, and: (a) you are a first-time franchise owner; (b) this will be your first franchise under 
the Brand; or (c) if your management company is new to the Brand.  ResMax also may be required 
in certain circumstances based on hotel performance.  The program terms, eligibility, and fees 
are subject to change. 
 
10. 
RMCC is optional except in the following circumstances. Category 1: If your Hotel is open 
and has an active PIP, it must participate in our one-time “Foundation Audit.” Category 2: If you 
are a first-time franchise owner, the Hotel is your first Brand Hotel, the Hotel is a new construction 
Hotel, or you change your General Manager, your Hotel must participate in our monthly service 
“Standard Model.” If your Hotel is projected to generate or does generate over $6 million in annual 
Gross Room Revenue, it must participate in our monthly full service “Intermediate Model.” If your 
Hotel is projected to generate or does generate over $10 million in annual Gross Room Revenue 
or is located in a dynamic market with a complex mix of business and a need for forecasting 
support, it must participate in our monthly full service “Premier Model.” Brand Performance 
Guidelines: In addition, if your Hotel fails to achieve minimum performance guidelines (“Brand 
Performance Guidelines”) at any time during the term, a one-time Audit will be conducted 
including a consultation with you on the results. If your Hotel still does not meet the Brand 
Performance Guidelines 6 months after that Audit, it will be required to participate in the applicable 
Category 2 service model for at least 12 months. RMCC programs and fees are subject to change.   
 
ITEM 7 
ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT 
YOUR ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT  
HOMEWOOD SUITES (131 SUITES) 
 
Type of Expenditure 
Amount 
Method of 
Payment 
When Due 
To Whom 
Payment Is to 
Be Made 
Franchise Application 
Fee 
(Note 1) 
$100,000 
Lump sum 
With 
Application 
Us 
Property Improvement 
Plan 
(Note 2) 
$0 to $10,000 
Lump sum 
Before we 
prepare PIP 
Us 
Market Study 
(Note 3) 
Varies 
As agreed 
As incurred 
Supplier 
Environmental 
Assessment 
(Note 4) 
Varies 
As agreed 
As incurred 
Supplier 
