 
6 
2025 US HOMEWOOD 
as "Suites"); pool, exercise center and other recreational facilities; limited meeting facilities; on-
premises convenience store; and business center. All of our amenities are offered in a residential-
like setting. Homewood Brand hotels do not offer full restaurant service, but do provide a 
complimentary breakfast and “Evening Manager’s Reception” or cocktail hour (where permitted 
by law) to all guests. 
The System currently includes the Brand and the Marks; access to the Reservation Service; 
advertising, publicity and other marketing programs and materials; training programs and 
materials, standards, specifications and policies for construction, furnishing, operation, 
appearance and service of the hotel, and other elements we refer to in the Franchise Agreement, 
in the Manual or in other communications to you, and programs for our inspecting your Hotel and 
consulting with you. We may add elements to the System or modify, alter or delete elements of 
the System.  
We franchise the non-exclusive right to use the System in the operation of your Hotel, under the 
Brand, at a specified location. You must follow the high standards we have established as the 
essence of the System. You will be required to make future investments. 
The Franchise Agreement you sign will provide for new development, conversion, change of 
ownership, or re-licensing, depending on your situation. These situations are referred to in this 
Disclosure Document as "New Development," “Conversion,” "Change of Ownership," and “Re-
licensing,” respectively. New Development refers to new building construction. Conversion refers 
to the renovation of an existing building to bring it into compliance with our Brand Standards so 
that it may operate as a Brand hotel. Change of Ownership refers to the transfer of ownership or 
control of an existing Brand hotel to a new owner. Re-licensing refers to the grant of a new 
franchise after the expiration of a prior franchise for the same hotel. Adaptive Reuse is also a 
category shown on the Franchise Application. It is a form of Conversion. 
Except for the licenses described above, we, our parents, affiliates and predecessors have not 
offered licenses or franchises for this or any other type of business. 
The Market and Competition 
Homewood Suites hotels compete in the upper midscale hotel market segment and cater to 
business travelers, families, vacationers and groups depending on the market and location.  The 
market for your Hotel's services will depend on its geographic location, specific site location, size, 
general economic conditions, seasonal factors and the capabilities of your Hotel staff and 
management team.  Our franchisees seek customers and business referrals from the local 
community as well as from regional and national business and travel planner referrals.  While 
Homewood Brand hotels are designed to appeal to guests seeking extended-stay 
accommodations, their services may also appeal to transient guests. 
In general, you will compete with the following: (1) other hotel and motel chains, independently-
operated local hotels, or other types of facilities which offer extended-stay rental units; (2) other 
hotel and motel chains, independently operated local hotels, or other types of facilities which offer 
transient guest lodging (including other hotels that we manage or franchise); and (3) corporate or 
short-term rental apartments.  Specifically, you will compete with other national and regional hotel 
chains and local facilities offering first class, upscale extended-stay accommodations. Since it 
contains limited meeting facilities, a Homewood Brand hotel does not, in most cases, compete 
with other hotels for convention trade.  Given its limited food and beverage service, a Homewood 
Brand hotel does not generally compete directly with local establishments for the food and 
beverage business of the general public. 
