 
5 
2025 US HOMEWOOD 
Brand Offered 
Predecessor International Franchisor Entity 
Tempo 
None 
Tru 
None 
Waldorf Astoria 
The Waldorf Astoria Collection 
Hilton International Franchisor Corporation  
HLT International Waldorf=Astoria Franchise LLC 
 
The following wholly owned subsidiaries of Hilton provide products or services to our franchisees: 
1. 
Hilton Reservations Worldwide, L.L.C. d/b/a Hilton Reservations & Customer Care and 
successor-in-interest to Hilton Service Corporation ("Reservations Worldwide") will 
provide you with its national and international reservation services and systems 
("Reservation Service"). Reservations Worldwide provides the Reservation Service to all 
System Hotels, U.S. Hilton hotels, Conrad International hotels, and Hilton International 
hotels (except where prohibited by law). The principal business address of Reservations 
Worldwide is 15305 North Dallas Parkway, Suite 600, Addison, Texas 75001. 
2. 
Hilton Supply Management LLC (“HSM”) seeks to negotiate with manufacturers and 
suppliers for the distribution of hotel furniture, furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment 
and supplies, certain food and beverage supplies, and certain hotel services. You may 
purchase these items from HSM or such third parties but you are not obligated to do so 
except as described in this Disclosure Document. 
3. 
Hilton Honors Worldwide LLC ("Hilton Honors Worldwide") owns, operates and 
administers the Hilton Honors™ guest reward program. You must participate in the 
programs of Hilton Honors Worldwide. 
4. 
Hilton Systems Solutions, LLC ("HSS") provides computer hardware, software and 
support services for all Hilton’s brands and signs Hilton’s Information Technology System 
Agreement (“HITS Agreement”). 
Some of our affiliates, also direct and indirect subsidiaries of Hilton Worldwide, own, lease and/or 
manage Homewood Suites Brand hotels throughout the world. You may be given the opportunity 
to have one of our affiliates manage your Hotel under a management agreement to be signed at 
the same time as, or after, you sign your Franchise Agreement. 
In this Disclosure Document, we may collectively refer to our former affiliated predecessor 
franchisor entities as the “former franchising entities.” The principal business address for each of 
our affiliates is 7930 Jones Branch Drive, Suite 1100, McLean, Virginia 22102 unless otherwise 
noted.   
Our Licenses 
This Disclosure Document describes our franchise for hotels which will operate in the US under 
the Homewood Brand.  Our affiliates offer franchises for hotels that will operate under the 
Homewood Brand outside the US, under separate disclosure documents. 
We license the Homewood Suites by Hilton system (“System"), which consists of the elements, 
including know-how, that we periodically designate to identify hotels operating worldwide under 
the Brand, and is designed to provide distinctive, high-quality hotel service to the public at 
moderate prices under the "Homewood Suites by Hilton" Brand. Homewood Brand hotels feature 
amenities targeted to the extended-stay traveler (a guest who stays five or more consecutive 
nights in the same hotel), including studio rooms and two-room suites; each with a separate 
kitchen and living room (rooms and suites are collectively referred to in this Disclosure Document 
