{00264795-17} 
27 
 BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE 
 
12.3 
Public Offering or Private Placement.  
 
12.3.1 Any offering by you of Securities requires our review if you use the Marks, or refer 
to us or this Agreement in your offering.  All materials required by any Law for the offer or sale of those 
Securities must be submitted to us for review at least sixty (60) days before the date you distribute those 
materials or file them with any governmental agency, including any materials to be used in any offering 
exempt from registration under any securities laws. 
   
12.3.2 You must submit to us a non-refundable Five Thousand Dollar ($5,000) processing 
fee with the offering documents and pay any additional costs we may incur in reviewing your documents, 
including reasonable attorneys’ fees.   
 
12.3.3 We have the right to approve any description of this Agreement or of your 
relationship with us, or any use of the Marks, contained in any prospectus, offering memorandum or other 
communications or materials you use in the sale or offer of any Securities. You may not use any of the 
Marks except as legally required to describe the Hotel in these documents. Our review of the documents 
will not in any way be considered our agreement with any statements contained in those documents, 
including any projections, or our acknowledgment or agreement that the documents comply with any Laws.   
 
12.3.4 You may not sell any Securities unless you clearly disclose to all purchasers and 
offerees that we, our Affiliates, and our or their respective officers, directors, agents or employees: (a) will 
not in any way be deemed an issuer or underwriter of the Securities, as those terms are defined in 
applicable securities laws; and (b) have not assumed and will not have any liability or responsibility for any 
financial statements, prospectuses or other financial information contained in any prospectus or similar 
written or oral communication. You may not state, represent, or imply that we, Hilton Worldwide, or any 
other of our Affiliates, participate in or endorse any Securities or any Securities offering in any manner 
whatsoever. 
 
12.3.5 You must indemnify, defend and hold the Indemnified Parties free and harmless 
of and from any and all liabilities, costs, damages, claims or expenses arising out of or related to the sale 
or offer of any of your Securities to the same extent as provided in Subsection 14.1 of this Agreement.    
 
12.4 
Mortgages and Pledges to Lending Institutions.   
 
12.4.1 You or an Equity Owner may mortgage or pledge the Hotel or an Equity Interest to 
a lender that finances the acquisition, development or operation of the Hotel, without notifying us or 
obtaining our consent.  
 
12.4.2 You may request a “lender comfort letter” on behalf of your lender, which we will 
issue in a form satisfactory to us, subject to our right to charge our then-current non-refundable processing 
fee.    
 
13.0 
TERMINATION 
 
13.1 
Termination with Opportunity to Cure.  We may terminate this Agreement by written 
notice to you and opportunity to cure at any time before its expiration on any of the following grounds:  
 
13.1.1 You fail to pay us any sums due and owing to us or our Affiliates under this 
Agreement or to pay or fund any amounts due under any of Your Hotel Agreements within the cure period 
set forth in the notice, which shall not be less than ten (10) days;   
 
13.1.2 You fail to commence or complete the Hotel Work by the applicable deadline date, 
including any extensions, or fail to open the Hotel on the Opening Date, and do not cure that default within 
the cure period set forth in the notice, which shall not be less than ten (10) days;  
 
