 
76 
2025 US HOMEWOOD 
(collectively “STR”), an independent research firm that provides information to the hotel industry. 
STR receives information directly from hotel chains or individual hotel properties. We have not 
audited or independently verified the information provided by STR. The indices presented are 
relative to a competitive set that has been identified for STR by each Comparable Company-
Managed or Franchisee-Managed hotel. They do not represent every hotel or lodging facility in a 
geographic area. Generally, each of Company-Managed or Franchisee-Managed hotels must 
identify at least three competitive hotels. 
The charts for Occupancy Index and RevPAR Index utilize a weighting that involves adjusting the 
competitive set’s rooms available (supply) to equal the room count of the subject property. After 
each competitive set is weighted, the brand performance aggregates are calculated. STR refers 
to this process as “portfolio weighting.” 
Occupancy Index - The Occupancy Index measures a hotel’s occupancy performance relative to 
an aggregated grouping of hotels (competitive set, market, tract, etc.). Occupancy Index is 
designed to measure a hotel's share of the segment's demand (demand = rooms sold). An index 
of 100 represents a fair share compared to the aggregated group of hotels. An index greater than 
100 represents more than fair share of the aggregated group’s performance.  
  
The Occupancy Index is calculated as follows: 
  
(Hotel Occupancy / Comp Set Occupancy) x 100 = Occupancy Index. 
 
Occupancy Index* 
2023 
2024 
Average Occupancy Index of all Comparable Hotels 
112.6 
112.4 
Median Occupancy Index of all Comparable Hotels 
112.6 
112.2 
Number & Percentage of Comparable Company-Managed Hotels which met or 
exceeded Average Occupancy Index 
3/42.9% 
3/42.9% 
Number & Percentage of Comparable Company-Managed Hotels which met or 
exceeded Median Occupancy Index 
3/42.9% 
3/42.9% 
Number & Percentage of Comparable Franchisee-Managed Hotels which met or 
exceeded Average Occupancy Index 
215/50.0% 
214/49.8% 
Number & Percentage of Comparable Franchisee-Managed Hotels which met or 
exceeded Median Occupancy Index 
216/50.2% 
216/50.2% 
* This table does not include 1 Comparable Franchisee-Managed Homewood Suites for 2023 because data for this hotel was 
insufficient and 1 Comparable Franchisee-Managed Homewood Suites for 2024 because data for these hotels was insufficient. 
 
Source: STR and Hilton 
  
RevPAR Index - The RevPAR Index measures a hotel’s RevPAR (revenue per available room) 
relative to an aggregated grouping of hotels (competitive set, market, tract, etc.). An index of 100 
represents a fair share compared to the aggregated group of hotels. An index greater than 100 
represents more than fair share of the aggregated group’s performance. 
  
RevPAR Index is calculated as follows:  
  
