 
59 
2025 US HOMEWOOD 
You may not register, own or maintain any Sites relating to the Network or your Hotel or that 
include the Marks. The only domain names, Sites, or Site contractors that you may use relating 
to your Hotel or the Franchise Agreement are those we assign or otherwise approve in writing. 
You must obtain our advance written approval for any third-party Site in which your Hotel will be 
listed, and any proposed links between the third-party Site and any Linked Sites and any proposed 
modifications to all Sites and Linked Sites. See Item 11 for further information concerning our 
Web Site requirements and limitations. The Franchise Agreement does not otherwise limit the 
channels through which you may solicit customers for your Hotel. 
We do not permit the relocation of franchised hotels. You have no options, rights of first refusal 
or similar rights to acquire additional franchises. 
ITEM 13 
TRADEMARKS 
Trademark Use: Your Rights 
We grant you a limited, nonexclusive right to use our System in the operation of a hotel at a 
specified location under the licensed trademark "Homewood" (“Principal Mark”). As used in the 
Franchise Agreement and this Disclosure Document, the System includes the Marks. The Marks 
include the Principal Mark and all other service marks, copyrights, trademarks, logos, insignia, 
emblems, symbols, and designs (whether registered or unregistered), slogans, distinguishing 
characteristics, trade names, domain names, and all other marks or characteristics associated or 
used with or in connection with the System, and similar intellectual property rights, that we 
designate to be used in the System.   
Our affiliate, HIH, holds the rights to the Marks, including the following trademarks and service 
marks, which are registered on the United States Patent and Trademark Office Principal Register: 
Mark 
Registration Number 
Registration Date 
Homewood Suites (words) 
1513176 
November 15, 1988 
Homewood Suites by Hilton (words) 
2639865 
October 22, 2002 
 
We do not have federal registration for the principal trademark “Homewood”. Therefore, it does 
not have as many legal benefits and rights as a federally registered trademark. If our right to use 
this Mark is challenged, you may have to change to alternative trademark, which may increase 
your expenses. 
 
We entered into a license agreement with HIH which grants us the right to use the Marks in 
connection with the System in the US. The term of the license agreement between us and HIH 
continues indefinitely so long as each party continues to be an affiliate of Hilton Worldwide. HIH 
has certain enforcement rights if we default under the license agreement, including the right to 
terminate the license agreement if we fail to cure a default within the time period specified in the 
license agreement. These enforcement rights or any other rights of HIH to terminate the license 
agreement will not affect your right to use the Marks licensed to you under the Franchise 
Agreement as long as you are in good standing under the Franchise Agreement.  
 
In the future, HIH may transfer the Marks or licenses related to the Marks to other affiliates in 
connection with changes to Hilton Worldwide’s subsidiaries or for administrative purposes 
periodically.  If that occurs, we will continue to have a license to use the Marks in connection with 
the System in our franchise business, and your license to use the Marks will not be disturbed.  
The Franchise Agreement does not grant you the right to use any other marks owned by our 
affiliates HIH. 
