 
HITS Agreement (USA/CA) (PEP) (Version 6.2024) 
 
Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj% Version: %Version% 
SCHEDULE E 
TOTAL SOLUTION PROGRAM AGREEMENT 
This Total Solution Program Agreement (this “TSP Agreement”) is entered into as of the %HotelApprovedDay% day of 
%HotelApprovedMonth%, %HotelApprovedYear% between Hilton Systems Solutions, LLC a Delaware limited liability company (“HSS”) 
and %LegalEntity% (the “Customer”) for Customer’s Hotel (the “Hotel”) known as %HotelName% (%Inncode%) and located at 
%PropertyAddressLine% 
In connection with the Information Technology Systems Agreement (the “HITS Agreement”) entered into between HSS and Customer 
(and if applicable, in anticipation of the Hotel’s conversion and rebranding as a Hilton Brand division hotel), HSS is willing to make certain 
benefits available to Customer for the above Hotel under HSS’s Total Solution Program (“TSP”) on the terms, conditions and limitations 
hereinafter set forth.  
For good, valuable and sufficient consideration, Customer hereby enters into this TSP Agreement, and HSS and Customer agree as 
follows: 
1. Customer’s Benefits.   
(a) Equipment License. HSS will provide for use by Customer at Customer’s Hotel that portion of the Authorized Equipment 
needed, as determined solely by HSS, for the network operation of PEP as such equipment is more specifically described on 
Attachment (1) attached to and forming part of this TSP Agreement being hereinafter called the “Network Authorized Equipment,” 
together with shipping and transportation costs on such equipment.  HSS hereby licenses to Customer the use of such Network 
Authorized Equipment (the “Equipment License”), subject to the terms, conditions and limitations set forth in this TSP Agreement.  
The Equipment License and any installation fees (for which HSS is responsible under 1(b)) are provided in consideration of 
Customer’s performance of the HITS Agreement and the other obligations of the Customer pursuant to this TSP Agreement, 
without additional fees except as may be provided herein.  
(b) Equipment Installation.  Customer will be responsible for the fees and costs for installation services relative to Network 
Authorized Equipment as well as any Standard Plus Equipment. Under the terms and conditions of the Total Solution Program’s 
Refreshment Program (the “Refreshment Program”) of Network Authorized Equipment, HSS anticipates that Network Authorized 
Equipment will be replaced or refreshed in HSS’s sole discretion (the “Refresh”), on an approximate three (3) year cycle, starting 
approximately three (3) years after the initial shipment of Network Authorized Equipment.  HSS will be responsible for the fees 
and costs for installation services of Network Authorized Equipment on the date that such equipment is refreshed under the 
Refreshment Program.  Customer's Refresh will be timed to occur prior to the end of the three (3) year cycle.  If Customer fails 
to meet HSS's timeline for such Refresh, including order dates for equipment and software, Customer will be responsible for all 
fees and costs incident to such delay, including, but not limited to, rent extension costs on Network Authorized Equipment and 
higher fees and costs for equipment maintenance and software maintenance. 
2. Customer’s Obligations.  Customer will: 
(a)  Perform all of its obligations under the HITS Agreement, including, but not limited to, the maintenance of the Network 
Authorized Equipment using the designated Preferred Provider for HSS’s TSP. 
(b)  Obtain and keep current insurance on the Network Authorized Equipment against all risks for the approximate value of the 
Network Authorized Equipment. 
(c)  Pay any and all federal, state and local sales, use, gross receipts, excise or similar taxes incident to the payments under 
this TSP Agreement.  Customer agrees to pay all personal property taxes associated with software licensed and equipment 
provided under the TSP Agreement. 
(d)  Prevent any liens from attaching to the Network Authorized Equipment. 
(e) Pay for any and all de-installation, transportation and disposal costs of any Network Authorized Equipment currently being 
used by Customer’s Hotel on its Network at the time of installation by HSS or HSS’s designee of the Network Authorized 
Equipment under the Refreshment program.  HSS or HSS’s designee, at HSS’s expense, will provide for de-installation, 
transportation and disposal of any such Network Authorized Equipment then being used by Customer’s Hotel at the time of the 
installation of Network Authorized Equipment under the Refreshment Program, but it is Customer’s responsibility to handle the 
return to Customer’s lessor of all such de-installed equipment in accordance with Customer’s current lease terms.  Customer 
will be solely responsible for any missing, bad or damaged equipment. 
(f) Preserve and protect the Network Authorized Equipment from loss, damage or theft. 
(g) Not use any unauthorized backup in connection with the Information System. 
