 
60 
2025 US HOMEWOOD 
 
You may use the Marks only in connection with the System and only in the manner we designate, 
as set out in the Franchise Agreement and the Standards.  We may designate additional Marks, 
change the way Marks are depicted, or withdraw Marks from use at any time.  We will not withdraw 
the Principal Mark. We may limit what Marks each brand of hotel may use.  
Your Hotel will be initially known by the trade name set forth in the Addendum (“Trade Name”).  
We may change the Trade Name at any time, but we will not change the Principal Mark. You may 
not change the Trade Name without our specific written consent. 
Under the Franchise Agreement, you acknowledge and agree that you are not acquiring the right 
to use any service marks, copyrights, trademarks, logos, designs, insignia, emblems, symbols, 
designs, slogans, distinguishing characteristics, trade names, domain names or other marks or 
characteristics owned by us or licensed to us that we do not specifically designate to be used in 
the System. 
Use of the Marks: Your Duties 
We have the right to control any administrative proceedings or litigation involving a Mark licensed 
by us to you. We will have the sole right and responsibility to handle disputes with third parties 
concerning use of the Marks or the System. The protection of the Marks and their distinguishing 
characteristics as standing for the System is important to all of us. For this reason, you must 
immediately notify us of any infringement of or challenge to your use of any of the Marks. You 
may not communicate with any other person regarding any such infringement, challenge or claim. 
We will take the action we consider appropriate with respect to such challenges and claims and 
only we will have the right to handle disputes concerning the Marks or the System. You must fully 
cooperate with us in these matters. Under the terms of the Franchise Agreement, you appoint us 
as your exclusive attorney-in-fact, to defend and/or settle all disputes of this type. You must sign 
any documents we believe are necessary to obtain protection for the Marks and the System and 
assign to us any claims you may have related to these matters. Our decision as to the prosecution, 
defense and settlement of the dispute will be final. All recoveries made as a result of disputes with 
third parties regarding the System or the Marks will be for our account.  
You must operate under and prominently display the Marks in your Hotel. You may not adopt any 
other brands in operating your Hotel that we do not approve. You also may not use any of the 
Marks, or the words “Homewood Suites,” “Hilton,” or any similar word(s) or acronyms: (a) in your 
corporate, partnership, business or trade name; (b) any Internet-related name (including a domain 
name); or (c) any business operated separate from your Hotel, including the name or identity of 
developments adjacent to or associated with your Hotel, without our prior written consent or as 
provided in the Franchise Agreement or the Manual. Any unauthorized use of the Marks will be 
an infringement of our rights and a material breach of the Franchise Agreement. 
Agreements, Proceedings, Litigation and Infringing Uses 
There are no agreements currently in effect which significantly limit our rights to use or license 
the use of these Marks in any material manner.  There are no infringements actually known to us 
that could materially affect your use of the Marks.  There are no effective determinations of the 
United States Patent and Trademark Office, the Trademark Trial and Appeal Board or the 
trademark administrator of any state or any court in the United States involving our Marks. There 
is no pending material litigation or pending infringement, opposition or cancellation proceedings 
in the United States that could materially affect the use of our Principal Mark. All required affidavits 
and renewals have been filed. 
