 
71 
2025 US HOMEWOOD 
Provision 
Section in 
Franchise 
Agreement 
(“FA”) and HITS 
Agreement 
Summary 
HITS Agreement 
2.1 
You have no right to assign the HITS Agreement.  If there is a 
Change of Ownership transfer of the Franchise Agreement, 
we may permit the HITS Agreement to be assigned. 
m. Conditions for 
our approval of 
transfer. 
FA §12.2.1 
Permitted Transfers are Transfers that will not result in a 
change of Control of you, the Hotel, or the Hotel Site.  
FA §12.2.1.1 
You may complete the following types of Permitted 
Transfers without giving us notice or obtaining our consent: 
Transfers of (a) Publicly Traded Equity Interests; (b) privately 
held Equity Interests when the transferee will hold less than 
50% after the Transfer, and there is no resulting change of 
Control; and (c) interests within and to designated institutional 
investment funds if the named asset manager does not 
change. 
FA §12.2.1.2 
For the following types of Permitted Transfers, unless the 
Transfer otherwise qualifies under §12.2.1.1, you must give us 
60 days’ written notice, obtain our consent, follow our then-
current procedure for processing Permitted Transfers, sign 
documents required by us, and pay a processing 
fee: Transfers (a) to Affiliates; (b) to a family member or trust; 
(c) on death; and (d) of privately-held Equity Interests if more 
than 50% will have changed hands since the Effective Date of 
the Franchise Agreement.   
FA §12.2.2 
Any Transfer that is not a Permitted Transfer under §12.2.1 is 
a Change of Ownership Transfer.  You must give 60 days’ 
written notice and provide any information we may require to 
consent to this type of transfer, not be in default; pay all 
amounts due to us and our Affiliates through closing; conclude 
any suit, action or proceeding that is pending or threatened 
against you, us or any of our Affiliates with respect to the 
Hotel, or provide adequate security.  Proposed transferee 
must meet our then-current business requirements for new 
franchisees, including credit, background investigation, 
operations experience, prior business dealings, and other 
relevant factors.  Proposed transferee must submit a 
completed and signed Change of Ownership Application, pay 
our Franchise Application Fee, sign our then-current form of 
franchise agreement, agree to our request for upgrades to the 
hotel (which may include payment of a PIP fee); agree to 
indemnify, hold harmless and defend us and our affiliates 
against any action by a Government Entity arising in 
connection with any fees or costs you charged to customers; 
and, if applicable, the Proposed transferee’s guarantors must 
sign our then-current form of guaranty of franchise agreement. 
Proposed transferee must not be a Sanctioned Person or a 
Competitor. If the transferee has SBA financing, you and the 
transferee must agree to escrow and disburse our estimated 
fees to us at closing. We will refund any excess about 30 days 
after closing.   
FA §12.3 
You must give 60 days’ advance notice of a public offering or 
private placement; follow our instructions about the use of the 
Marks and disclosure; and indemnify us from any claims 
