 
 
PAUL DAVIS RESTORATION, INC. 
INDIANA ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
ALL FRANCHISE AGREEMENTS EXECUTED IN AND OPERATIVE WITHIN THE 
STATE OF INDIANA ARE HEREBY AMENDED AS FOLLOWS: 
 
 
1. Any agreement executed in and operative within the State of Indiana shall be governed 
by applicable Indiana franchise laws and the right of any franchisee to institute a civil 
action or initiate arbitral proceedings within the State of Indiana shall not be deemed to 
have been abridged in any form or manner by any provisions contained in this Agreement. 
 
2. In compliance with Indiana Code 12-2-2.7-1(9), any provisions in this Franchise 
Agreement relating to non-competition upon the termination or non-renewal of the 
Franchise Agreement shall be limited to a geographic area not greater than the Franchise 
Area granted in this Franchise Agreement and shall be construed in accordance with 
Indiana Code 23-2-2.7-1(9). 
 
3. Indiana Code section 23-2-2.7-1(10) prohibits the choice of an exclusive forum other 
than Indiana.  
 
4. Indiana Code section 23-2.2.7-1(10) prohibits the limitation of litigation. The Indiana 
Secretary of State has interpreted this section to prohibit provisions in contracts regarding 
liquidated damages. Accordingly, any provisions in the Franchise Agreement regarding 
liquidated damages may not be enforceable. 
 
5. In compliance with Indiana Code 23-2-2.7-1(10), any inference contained in this 
Franchise Agreement to the effect that the Franchisor “is entitled” to injunctive relief shall, 
when applicable to a Franchise Agreement executed in and operative within the State of 
Indiana, hereby be deleted, understood to mean and replace the words “may seek”. 
 
6. Indiana Code section 23-2-2.5 and 23-2-2.7 supersedes the choice of law clauses of 
the Franchise Agreement. 
 
7. Indiana Code section 23-2.2.7-1 makes it unlawful for a franchisor to terminate a 
franchise without good cause or to refuse to renew a franchise on bad faith. 
 
8. Any reference contained in this Franchise Agreement to a prospective franchisee’s 
“exclusive Franchise Area” shall, in any Franchise Agreement executed in and operative 
within the State of Indiana, hereby be deleted and replaced with the words “non-exclusive 
Franchise Area”. 
 
9. In compliance with Indiana Code 23-2-2.7-1(5), any requirement that the Franchisee 
must execute a release upon termination of this Agreement shall not be mandatory and 
is hereby made discretionary. However, Franchisee shall execute all other documents 
necessary to fully rescind all agreements between the parties under this Agreement. 
