CODE 
Paul Davis Restoration, Inc.  
 North America Client Services 2020 rev March 2024 
2
 
WHEREAS, PDCDI will not make commercial referrals to a Franchisee who has 
not opted into the Commercial Program and not agreed to abide by the terms of this 
Agreement and each commercial client’s SLA, nor to a franchisee that has not been 
trained in the handling of commercial losses, unless training (or re-training, if required) 
has been completed to the sole satisfaction of PDCDI and the Commercial Advisory 
Board on commercial certification; and,  
 
 
 
WHEREAS, Franchisee would like to participate in this optional program 
and receive referrals to perform services for commercial clients;    
 
 
NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, PDRI and Franchisee agree as 
follows: 
 
1. Referrals. 
 
1.1    
Franchisee agrees to participate in the Optional Commercial Program 
administered by Paul Davis Commercial Division, Inc. and Franchisee agrees 
that it will provide Services for Commercial Client losses referred to and 
accepted in the manner specified in this Agreement. Franchisee also agrees to 
comply with all SLAs, compliance and performance standards required by 
Commercial Clients including the performance of appropriate background 
checks that are compliant with State and Federal laws. Franchisee understands 
that commercial program standards and agreements may be changed from time 
to time by a Commercial Client. Upon notification of such changes, which shall 
be in writing, Franchisee agrees to comply with such changes. 
 
1.2    
PDCDI will refer to Franchisee all commercial losses in their territory and 
according to Franchisee’s training and skills, but a specific number of referrals is 
not guaranteed. Qualified sub-contractors may be used if approved by 
Commercial Client requirements. 
 
1.3    
PDCDI may designate specific procedures for Franchisee to have deemed 
to have accepted a referral, and such referral and acceptance may be done 
telephonically or electronically. Such procedures may be subject to change at 
PDCDI’s sole discretion. Acceptance of the referral is an acceptance by 
Franchisee of all compliance and service requirements for the Commercial 
Client.  
 
1.4    
Some Commercial Clients must approve Franchisee as a participant to 
receive their commercial losses. Franchisee understands that if a Commercial 
Client has not approved Franchisee on their program or for a specific project, 
PDCDI cannot refer such losses to Franchisee until they are approved. PDCDI 
agrees to provide best efforts to assist Franchisee in becoming eligible for a 
commercial program. Franchisee acknowledges that participation in the 
Commercial Program does not guarantee referrals or acceptance on any client 
program. 
