FS Brands, Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
(expressed in US dollars) 
(5)
Fair value measurements 
Fair value measurements are measured using inputs from the three levels of the fair value hierarchy. The 
classification within the hierarchy is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair 
value measurement. The three levels are as follows: 

Level 1 – quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; 

Level 2 – observable market-based inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or 
liabilities; and 

Level 3 – unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data, which requires the Company to 
develop its own assumptions. 
Concentrations 
The Company’s financial instruments exposed to credit risk include cash and cash equivalents, due from parent, 
restricted cash, accounts receivable and notes receivable. The Company places its cash, restricted cash and cash 
equivalents with institutions of high creditworthiness. Management routinely assesses the collectibility of its 
accounts receivable and notes receivable, and its credit risk is limited due to the dispersion of the customer base 
comprising the receivables. 
During the year ended December 31, 2024, there were $2,968,464 (2023 – $1,325,985) of write-offs from the 
allowance for credit losses. 
Business combinations 
All business combinations are accounted for using the purchase method of accounting. Transaction costs are 
expensed as incurred. 
The determination of fair values of assets and liabilities assumed in business combinations requires the use of 
estimates and judgment by management, particularly in determining fair values of intangible assets acquired. 
The fair value of the contingent consideration is classified as a financial liability and is recorded on the 
consolidated balance sheets at the acquisition date and is re-measured at fair value at the end of each period 
until the end of the contingency period, with fair value adjustments recognized in income. 
3
Revenue from contracts with customers 
Franchise fee revenue recognized during the year ended December 31, 2024, that was included in deferred 
revenue at the beginning of the period was $7,588,809 (2023 – $5,558,367). These fees are recognized over the 
life of the underlying franchise agreement, usually between five – ten years. 
The majority of unearned revenue as at December 31, 2023 was recognized in income in 2024. 
