6 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Agreement 
population for calculating the Minimum Royalty will be the latest population as determined 
from generally accepted demographic sources, such as U.S. Department of 
Commerce - Bureau of Census, Rand McNally, or Donnelley Marketing Information 
Services, and as determined by ESRI - Arc GIS or other GIS system currently used by PDRI 
to set and update Network territories. The current population is set forth on the Schedule of 
Additional Terms and Conditions. If Franchised Business is acquired from a prior franchisee 
or upon renewal, then, for purposes of this Section 3.2, the initial Minimum Sales Amount 
will be determined, at the sole discretion of PDRI, based on current sales divided by the 
current population to determine the market penetration, with the Minimum Sales Amount 
thereafter increasing to a maximum of $6.00 as determined by PDRI. If the Franchise is at 
the maximum Minimum Sales Amount it shall also be subject to a Consumer Price Index 
adjustment upon renewal of this Agreement. Failure to meet or exceed Minimum Royalty 
two times in any Five (5) year term shall be considered a performance breach of this 
Agreement and may be the basis of non-renewal by PDRI.  
 
3.3 
Computer Software Fee.  Franchisee shall pay to PDRI, for providing support 
of the Common Software (defined in Section 9.1), a monthly fee in the amount determined 
from time to time by the General Council (defined in Section 10).  This fee does not cover 
Franchisee's costs of local support or training, if required, the cost of replacing Franchisee's 
computer hardware if required during the term of this Agreement, or support for other 
software obtained from third party suppliers. 
 
3.4 
Intentionally Omitted. 
 
3.5 
Quality Review Fee.  PDRI shall have the right to assess fees and costs for 
two (2) annual quality control or sales audit inspections of Franchisee.  Franchisee agrees 
that, so long as PDRI waives the right to impose the two annual quality control or sales audit 
inspections together with their accompanying costs, Franchisee shall pay a monthly fee to 
PDRI of $50, or such greater amount as may be established by the General Council.  In 
consideration of payment of this fee, PDRI representatives shall provide certain consulting 
and technical assistance as described in Subsection 6.7(d) of this Agreement. 
 
3.6 
Intentionally omitted.  
 
3.7  
Guarantee and Indemnity Fund Fees. 
 
 
(a) 
Definitions.  The Job Completion and Guarantee Fund (the “Guarantee 
Fund”) and the Indemnity and Insurance Reimbursement Fund (the “Indemnity Fund”) are 
cooperative programs under Booklet One of the Operations Manual.  The Guarantee Fund 
and the Indemnity Fund are administered by Completion Services, Inc., (“CSI”) a 
corporation owned by PDR franchisees and managed by its Board of Directors (the “CSI 
Board”). 
 
  
 
 
(b) 
Franchisee Contributions.  
 
 
(1) 
Guarantee Fund.  Franchisee shall pay a monthly Guarantee Fund fee 
deposit equal to one -half percent (1/2%) of invoiced Gross Sales, up to an account balance 
of: (a) $25,000 for a population of 0-500,000; plus (b) $2,000 for each additional 100,000 
population or portion thereof in excess of 500,000, or such greater amount as may be 
established by the CSI Board.  Guarantee Fund deposits shall be increased every year based 
