CODE 
Paul Davis Restoration, Inc.  
 North America Client Services 2020 rev March 2024 
4
the Commercial Client or insurer. In the case of jobs involving multiple 
franchisees, each franchise will be responsible to report invoiced sales to the 
extent the franchisee bills, or is paid by, the ultimate customer or insurer.   Sales 
are deemed to be “closed” and reported for royalty purposes at the time when an 
invoice is generated on the work.  
 
3.2  
A reduced administrative and dispatch fee of 50% of the fee applicable in 
section 3.1 above will apply to customer losses that Franchisee has signed 
through their own efforts, even if PDCDI has commercial relationships with the 
customer that helped facilitate the signing or retaining of the job. The parties 
agree that the jobs described herein will be invoiced and collected centrally 
through PDCDI. Franchisee agrees to notify PDCDI of any losses signed with a 
customer in order to be subject to this lower fee. 
 
3.3   
The 5% administrative dispatch fee shall be waived when Franchisee, 
through its own efforts, facilitates the signing of a National Account by PDCDI. In 
addition, Franchisee shall be entitled to a 1% rebate on all work of this National 
Account performed, invoiced and collected outside of the Franchise territory for 
a period of four (4) years from the date PDCDI signs the National Agreement. 
Rebates to be paid upon collection and by the 30th day of the month following 
the end of each quarter and capped at $20,000 per loss. To remain eligible for 
the rebate the franchisee must remain active in the account management 
process unless directed to refrain from such activities in writing by PDCDI. Being 
active in the management process is defined by the following but may be 
adjusted from time to time at the discretion of PDCDI: 
 
• Growing the relationship through constant contact and continued 
marketing that is documented in a PDCDI approved CRM system. 
• Providing a monthly report to PDCDI documenting calls, visits, emails, and 
meetings with Commercial Client. 
• Helping to resolve any issues that arise 
• Helping with collections when necessary. 
  
3.4   
Franchisee agrees to report all commercial losses into RMS (or other 
Common Software designated by PDRI). Franchisee shall report sales using 
such forms or in such format as PDRI may specify from time to time.  PDRI may 
at any time modify the required format and content of the sales report.  All fees 
under this Agreement are non-refundable. 
 
3.5    
Commercial Clients may request that PDCDI provide centralized payment 
for distribution to program participants and Franchisee agrees to accept 
remittance of payments through such centralized system and authorizes PDCDI 
to accept and remit payments (Franchisee shall receive payment for losses 
performed once paid by the Commercial Client), less the administrative fee 
provided for under this Agreement in section 3.1.  
 
