 
2 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
In 2015, PDO Holdings, Inc., an affiliate of PDRI, began acquiring a majority ownership 
in certain Paul Davis Restoration® franchises. As of December 31, 2024, there were twenty-two 
(22) Paul Davis Restoration® franchises in operation that are 80% or more owned by PDO 
Holdings, Inc., twenty (20) of which are in the US and two (2) of which are in Canada. One of 
PDO Holdings, Inc.’s subsidiaries, Paul Davis National, LLC, a Wisconsin limited liability 
company, is not currently in operation.  PDR Holdings, LLC, another affiliate of PDRI, also owns 
50.1% or less of 31 Franchises in the US. Both PDR Holdings, LLC. and PDO Holdings, Inc. are 
subsidiaries of FSB Holdings, Inc. The US stores are listed as “franchised” locations in Item 20 of 
this disclosure document because all 53 are operated pursuant to a current franchise agreement.  
 
 
In 2020, our affiliate, Paul Davis Commercial Division, Inc., a Delaware corporation with 
an address at 7251 Salisbury Road, Suite 6, Jacksonville, FL 32256, was formed as a subsidiary 
of FSB Holdings, Inc., in order develop, refer and provide services to commercial restoration 
customers. 
 
BUSINESS ADDRESSES 
 
 
The address of PDRI’s principal place of business is 7251 Salisbury Road, Suite 6, 
Jacksonville, FL 32256.  PDRI’s telephone number is (904) 737-2779.   
 
PDRI’s Agent for Service of Process in your state is disclosed in Exhibit E. 
 
THE PDRI FRANCHISED BUSINESS 
 
 
PDRI licenses franchise rights to use PDRI’s trade name, logo, Operations Manual, 
business systems and certain computer programs for the operation of a general contracting business 
specializing in structural reconstruction and emergency services, including drying, cleaning, loss 
mitigation and mold remediation, of residential and commercial structures and contents. 
Catastrophe response to service customers may be requested from time to time. Some existing 
franchises also offer remodeling services.  The basic structural reconstruction and emergency 
services provided under the name “Paul Davis Restoration®” are promoted to the insurance 
restoration markets and the general public.  Services were deemed essential by the relevant state 
and local authorities and the Businesses remained open and operating throughout 2022. 
 
 
In 2020, PDRI developed an Optional Commercial Loss Lead Program that Franchisees 
may opt into by an Amendment to the Franchise Agreement.  A copy of the Commercial Program 
Agreement can be found at Exhibit D to this document. This Commercial Loss Lead Program 
continued throughout 2024.  
 
 
PDRI or its affiliates may develop and offer Optional Programs in the future.  You may 
also choose to participate in any of these Optional Programs by executing an Attestation or 
Addendum to your Franchise Agreement, but additional fees, training and other qualifications may 
be required.  In addition, your election to participate in an Optional Program may affect your 
requirements for inventory, equipment, supplies, personnel and operating capital. 
 
 
The franchise training and software are intended to increase the speed and efficiency with 
which you, acting as general contractor, may restore and clean damaged facilities, and engage in 
