11 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Agreement 
Franchise is a material Breach of this Agreement and PDRI may consider the failure to 
renew by Franchisee a termination of this Agreement at the election of the Franchisee. At 
the expiration of the Term of the Franchise Agreement, PDRI may, at its sole discretion, 
elect to continue with the terms of the old Agreement pending renewal.    
 
PDRI will provide at least thirty (30) days’ notice of its intent to non-renew should Franchisee 
not meet the above criteria.  
 
ARTICLE 6:  OPERATIONAL OBLIGATIONS 
 
6.1 
Commencement of Operations.  Franchisee agrees to commence 
operations within eight (8) weeks after completion of new owner school as set forth in Article 
8.  For purposes of this Agreement, “commence operations” shall be construed to mean the 
earliest date on which the Franchisee has satisfied all of the following conditions precedent: 
(i) has successfully completed all requisite training programs as prescribed by PDRI; (ii) 
holds valid and effective insurance coverages as required by this Agreement; (iii) possesses 
all necessary licenses and certifications mandated by law and PDRI’s standards; and (iv) 
begins  offering services to the public which shall, at a minimum, include activities such as 
contacting insurance agents, adjusters or property owners or writing estimates. PDRI may, 
at its sole discretion, extend the time for opening.    
 
6.2 
Operating Capital.  Franchisee shall have an initial operating capital, per 
franchise territory, of not less than Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000).  Following 
the completion of the initial year of operation, or in the event that the Franchisee  acquired 
the franchise from a prior franchisee, the Franchisee shall maintain working capital, 
including established and PDRI approved unused lines of credit. This working capital must 
be equal to at least the greater of (a) ten percent (10%) of Franchisee's prior year's Gross 
Sales or (b) Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000). PDRI may increase the required 
operating capital, in its sole discretion, based on the size, location and other circumstances 
that could affect the operation of the franchise. 
 
 
6.3 
Operation under Corporate Structure.  Franchisee shall be, and Principal 
Owner hereby represents and warrants that Franchisee is, a corporation (the term 
corporation shall be deemed to include a limited liability company) formed in accordance 
with applicable law and duly authorized to do business in the state in which the Franchise 
Territory is located.  Franchisee must complete the Legal Entity Information Sheet attached 
hereto as Exhibit F and must provide PDRI with the corporation’s articles of incorporation 
or articles of organization, as applicable.  In the case where Franchisee is not a presently 
existing corporation, Principal Owner shall form such corporation within thirty days of the 
effective date of this Agreement and shall cause such corporate to ratify this Agreement 
and otherwise assume all of the obligations of Franchisee under this Agreement.  The 
corporate name of the Franchisee shall be as set forth in the preamble of this Agreement, 
or other such name as PDRI may approve in writing, but in no event shall the corporate 
name include “Paul Davis,” “PD,” or any of the Marks of PDRI.  All shares of stock (or other 
ownership interests) of Franchisee shall be held solely by such Principal Owners as 
indicated by the percentages in the corporate documents and as set forth on the signature 
page of this Agreement. All Principal Owners shall be required to sign this Franchise 
Agreement and be bound by its terms.  Any transfer of shares shall be subject to the 
provisions of Article 20 of this Agreement and all stock certificates shall include the legend: 
“The transfer of this stock is subject to the terms, conditions, and restrictions of a Franchise 
