© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Confidentiality and Restrictive Covenant Agreement 
 
 
 
information even after I cease to be in that position unless I can demonstrate that such information 
has become generally known or easily accessible other than by the breach of an obligation of 
Franchisee under the Franchise Agreement. 
 
6. 
Except as otherwise approved in writing by Franchisor, I shall not, while in my 
position with the Franchisee, for myself, or through, on behalf of, or in conjunction with any person, 
persons, partnership, corporation or limited liability company, own, maintain, engage in, be 
employed by, or have any interest in any “Competing Business”, as that term is defined in the 
Franchise Agreement, except a Franchised Business operating under the Franchise System and 
Marks. 
 
  7. 
I agree that each of the foregoing covenants shall be construed as independent of 
any other covenant or provision of this Agreement.  If all or any portion of a covenant in this 
Agreement is held unreasonable or unenforceable by a court or agency having valid jurisdiction 
in an unappealed final decision to which Franchisor is a party, I expressly agree to be bound by 
any lesser covenant subsumed within the terms of such covenant that imposes the maximum duty 
permitted by law, as if the resulting covenant were separately stated in and made a part of this 
Agreement.   
 
8. 
I understand and acknowledge that Franchisor shall have the right, in its sole 
discretion, to reduce the scope of any covenant set forth in this Agreement, or any portion thereof, 
without my consent, effective immediately upon receipt by me of written notice thereof; and I agree 
to comply forthwith with any covenant as so modified. 
 
9. 
Franchisor is a third-party beneficiary of this Agreement and may enforce it, solely 
and/or jointly with the Franchisee.  I am aware that my violation of this Agreement will cause 
Franchisor and Franchisee irreparable harm; therefore, I acknowledge and agree that Franchisee 
and/or Franchisor may apply for the issuance of an injunction preventing me from violating this 
Agreement, and I agree to pay Franchisee and Franchisor all the costs it/they incur(s), including, 
without limitation, legal fees and expenses, if this Agreement is enforced against me.  Due to the 
importance of this Agreement to Franchisee and Franchisor, any claim I have against Franchisee 
or Franchisor is a separate matter and does not entitle me to violate, or justify any violation of this 
Agreement.   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
