18 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Agreement 
personnel records and information relating to its employees, PDRI is the sole 
owner of any data collected or processed by Franchisee in relation to the 
Franchised Business, including, without limitation, any information relating to 
customers, sales, profitability (“PDRI Data”). PDRI grants Franchisee a limited 
license to use PDRI Data during the term for the sole purpose of operating a 
Franchised Business, which license shall be automatically revoked upon the 
earlier of the termination or expiration of this Agreement. 
 
(b) Data and Consumer Protection Laws. Franchisee represents, warrants and 
covenants that it is familiar with the requirements of, and that it has been, is and 
will continue at all times to be, in compliance with all consumer protection, data 
protection, privacy and cyber security laws applicable to the Franchised 
Business, the System, including but not limited to Regulation 2016/679 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council on the protection of natural persons 
with regard to the Processing of Personal Data and on the free movement of 
such data (the General Data Protection Regulation known as “GDPR”), The 
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), the Telephone Consumer 
Protection Act of 1991 (“TCPA”), the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited 
Pornography Prevention Act (the “CAN-SPAM Act”), the Telemarketing Sales 
Rule (“TSR”), and the Junk Fax Prevention Act, Payment Card Industry Data 
Security Standards (PCI Compliance) and any regulations thereto, and similar 
federal, state and local privacy and telemarketing laws, rules, regulations and 
ordinances (collectively, “Data Protection Laws”). In the event that Franchisee 
receives notice of any potential violation of any Data Protection Laws from any 
person or entity, Franchisee shall notify PDRI within 2 business days of 
Franchisee’s receipt of such notice, action or investigation. Franchisee shall take 
any action as required by law or as requested by PDRI that are necessary for 
compliance with any Data Protection Laws by PDRI. Franchisee shall reimburse 
PDRI for all costs and damages incurred in connection with Franchisee’s non-
compliance with such Data Protection Laws. 
 
(c) Individual Rights Requests. Franchisee shall promptly notify PDRI within two (2) 
business days of receipt, unless specifically prohibited by law applicable to 
Franchisee, if Franchisee receives (i) any request from an individual with respect 
to a consumer’s personally identifiable information, including opt-out requests, 
request for access and/or rectification, erasure, restriction, requests for data 
portability and all similar requests; (ii) any complaint related to the processing of 
personally identifiable information, including allegations that the processing 
infringes on an individual’s rights (“Individual Rights Requests”). Franchisee is 
obligated to provide any relevant information and assistance reasonably 
requested by PDRI that demonstrates Franchisees compliance with Data 
Protection Laws. Franchisee shall be solely responsible for ensuring its online 
presence is maintained with accurate disclosures and policy notices and 
complies with Data Protection Laws.      
 
(d) Protection of Data. Franchisee shall and shall cause its employees and 
representatives to implement, maintain and enforce adequate administrative, 
electronic, technical, physical, logical and other security measures and 
safeguards consistent with the most stringent and protective of the following: (i) 
Industry best practices; (ii) any applicable PDRI policies; (iii) the information 
