 
24 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
 
Obligation 
Section in Agreement 
Disclosure 
Document Item 
Q. 
Owner’s participation/ management/ 
staffing  
Article 6 
Item 15 
R. 
Records/reports 
Article 6 
Item 21 
S. 
Inspections/audits 
Article 6 
Not Applicable 
T. 
Transfer 
Article 20 
Item 6, 17 
U. 
Renewal 
Article 5 
Item 6, 17 
V. 
Post-termination obligations 
Article 19 
Item 17 
W. 
Non-competition covenants 
Article 22 
Item 17 
X. 
Dispute resolution 
Article 23 
Item 17 
 
ITEM 10:  FINANCING 
 
PDRI offers financing for up to 50% of the amount of the initial franchise fee, or up to 67% 
of the reduced initial franchise fee for qualified veterans, with the remainder of the fee paid in 
cash. Financing will be extended for a 4-year period at an APR of 7%. 
 
 See Item 5 for determination of initial franchise fee.  A copy of the Promissory Note 
showing the financing terms is attached as Exhibit F.  Other than the Promissory Note, PDRI does 
not require any additional security interest in connection with the financing.  Each owner of a 
franchise must individually sign the Promissory Note.  The balance of the Promissory Note may 
be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without penalty or premium.  If you do not pay on time 
or if you default on the Franchise Agreement or if you fail to abide by the terms of the PDRI 
Operations Manual, then you will be in default under the Promissory Note and you will 
automatically be in default under the Franchise Agreement.  If you are in default under the 
Promissory Note or if you sell a portion or all of your interest in the Franchise Agreement, PDRI 
can call the Promissory Note and demand immediate payment of the full outstanding balance and 
obtain court costs and attorney’s fees if a collection action is necessary.  You will also pay all costs 
and expenses including reasonable attorney’s fees and costs incurred by PDRI in connection with 
an appeal of any proceeding respecting the payment or enforceability of the Promissory Note.  You 
waive your rights to presentment, protest, notice of protest, and notice of dishonor under the 
Promissory Note.  The terms of the Promissory Note do not bar you from asserting a defense 
against PDRI. 
 
PDRI does not arrange financing from other sources.  Commercial paper from franchisees 
has not been and is not sold or assigned to anyone, and PDRI has no plans to do so.  PDRI does 
not receive direct or indirect payments for placing financing.  PDRI does not guarantee your 
obligations to third parties. 
 
 
 
