CODE 
Paul Davis Restoration, Inc.  
 North America Client Services 2020 rev March 2024 
3
1.5    
Franchisee shall not take any legal action, including the filing of a lien, 
against any Commercial Client or customer, without first notifying PDCDI in 
writing and obtaining its written consent, which shall not be unreasonably 
withheld.   
 
1.6    
Franchisee will only accept losses for which it has the expertise, training 
or capacity to perform, notwithstanding the referral by PDCDI. Franchisee shall 
accept all losses referred to them unless Franchisee believes it is not qualified 
to handle the loss.  Franchisee is prohibited from invoicing the customer directly.  
 
2. Audit by PDCDI. 
 
2.1    
PDCDI may, at its sole discretion, perform audits on specific commercial 
jobs which were referred under this program, including the review of job 
documentation, inspection of work performed at the job site, evaluate the 
performance of Franchisee and Franchisee’s ability to continue servicing such 
losses. 
  
2.2    
PDCDI, at its sole discretion, may recommend or require that: commercial 
losses performed by Franchisee be reviewed for a probationary period by a 
commercial loss account manager; Franchisee participate in additional training; 
size of referrals be reduced to conform with the level of expertise exhibited; 
and/or, that billing outside of industry standards be adjusted to comply with 
Commercial Standards.  
 
2.3    
Franchisee agrees to follow the recommendations of PDCDI staff in order 
to continue participation in the Program. Failure to comply with Audit 
requirements may result in suspension of referrals by PDCDI until such 
corrections are complete. 
 
3. Fees and Reporting 
 
3.1    
Franchisee understands and agrees that losses received and invoiced 
under this program for customers where Franchisee has no prior contractual 
relationship, are subject to an administrative and dispatch fee. A per loss fee 
cap of $50,000/job shall apply. The fee shall be based on the franchisee 
invoiced amount and calculated according to the following levels, subject to the 
fee cap: 
< $250k 
5% 
$251k - $1.5mm 
4% 
>$1.5mm - $3mm 
3% 
>$3mm 
2% 
 
This fee is payable to PDCDI and is in addition to royalties and other fees 
payable under the Franchise agreement. Invoiced sales include all items 
included on an estimate or work authorization including items paid for directly by 
