2 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Agreement 
 
ARTICLE 1:  FRANCHISE SYSTEM 
 
1.1 
Grant of Franchise.  PDRI hereby grants to Franchisee a non-exclusive 
license to use the Franchise System to operate a Paul Davis Restoration® (“PDR”) franchise 
(the “Franchised Business”) under the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 
 
1.2 
Operations Manual.  During the term of this Agreement, PDRI grants to 
Franchisee a non-exclusive license to use the Operations Manual, the provisions of which 
are hereby incorporated by reference into this Agreement. Franchisee acknowledges that 
the Operations Manual remains the property of PDRI and Franchisee shall be bound by the 
terms of the Operations Manual and shall return the Operations Manual and any copies 
thereof to PDRI upon termination of this Agreement.  Franchisee further acknowledges that 
PDRI may amend the Operations Manual in accordance with the procedures set forth in the 
Operations Manual and Franchisee shall be bound by any such amendment. In the event 
of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of the Operations Manual 
the terms of this Agreement shall govern. 
 
 
1.3 
Tradename and Logos.  PDRI grants to Franchisee, for the term of this 
Agreement, a non-exclusive license to use the Paul Davis Restoration® name and logo in 
the operation of the Franchise System in accordance with this Agreement and the 
Operations Manual.  Franchisee shall operate exclusively under the Paul Davis® and Paul 
Davis Restoration® name and logo and shall not use or display any other tradename or 
service mark without the prior written consent of PDRI.  All names and logos owned by 
PDRI and/or its affiliates and licensed to Franchisee are hereafter referred to as the “Marks.”  
PDRI reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify, replace, substitute or terminate any 
of the Marks. 
 
 
Franchisee shall not use either the Marks or any variation thereof as part of its 
corporate, firm or business name or for any other purposes except in accordance with this 
Agreement or as may otherwise be specifically authorized by PDRI in writing, nor shall 
Franchisee hold out or otherwise employ the Marks to perform any activity, or to incur any 
obligation or indebtedness in such manner as might make PDRI liable therefore.  
Franchisee shall not register or attempt to register the Marks in its name or the name of any 
person, firm, corporation or entity, and shall not take any action which might invalidate the 
Marks, impair any rights of PDRI in and to such Marks or create any rights adverse to those 
of PDRI.  Moreover, Franchisee shall use the Marks correctly spelled and/or depicted and 
not as a verb or in the plural or in any other manner which might endanger the validity of 
the Marks and/or, if registered, their registration.  Franchisee shall use the Marks only in 
the style as may be registered, or if not registered, as prescribed by and in accordance with 
PDRI brand standards as set forth in the Operations Manual and elsewhere in writing by 
PDRI (“Brand Standards”). 
 
 
In order to preserve the validity and integrity of the Marks licensed herein and to 
assure that Franchisee is properly employing same in the operation of the Franchised 
Business, PDRI and its agents shall at all reasonable times have the right to inspect 
Franchisee's premises and other sites of Franchisee's operation and make periodic 
evaluations of the services provided and the goods sold and used therein.  Franchisee shall 
cooperate with PDRI and its agents in such inspections and render such assistance as 
PDRI may reasonably request. 
 
