24 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Agreement 
this Agreement.  A Restoration Project Supervisor (RPS) must be employed at the time of 
opening. The owner may perform either the RPS role or the General Manager role until 
such time business dictates the hiring and employment of that position within the company. 
A full-time Mitigation Technician must be onboard prior to the franchise being opened. 
Franchisee shall employ a trained Job Cost Accountant (JCA) at the time of opening. After 
one year in operation, if not sooner, a Franchisee should employ a dedicated Business 
Development professional.    
 
15.2 
Employees are Under Control of Franchisee.  Franchisee agrees that all 
persons hired or employed by or under contract with Franchisee in connection with the 
operation of the Franchised Business shall be considered to be employees or agents of 
Franchisee and not of PDRI, and such employees and agents shall be solely and 
exclusively under Franchisee's orders, direction and control, and Franchisee shall at its own 
cost and expense comply with all unemployment insurance, old age pension, and other 
social security acts or statutes applicable to employers or employees or both, and whether 
now in force, or hereafter enacted, and shall pay, duly and punctually, any and all rates, 
taxes, assessments, and contributions that may be required or demanded under or by virtue 
of any of such acts or statutes.  Franchisee acknowledges that PDRI may, as part of the 
Franchise System, provide “Best Practices” to support Franchisee, but has no direct or 
indirect control over the staffing or operational decisions of Franchisee employees. The 
Franchisee explicitly acknowledges and agrees that it shall retain sole and exclusive control 
over all employment-related decisions within its operation, including but not limited to hiring, 
firing, wage and hour policies, day-to-day operations, and management. The Franchisee 
understands that adherence to Best Practices as recommended by the PDRI is entirely at 
Franchisee’s discretion and does not constitute a directive or mandate from PDRI.  
 
ARTICLE 16 
 
16.1 
Intentionally Omitted. 
 
ARTICLE 17:  TERMINATION BY PDRI 
 
17.1 
Termination with Opportunity to Cure.  PDRI may terminate this Agreement 
and all franchise rights granted hereunder at any time, if Franchisee fails to cure within 
fifteen (15) days of written notice defaults under this Agreement, including but not limited to 
any of the following: 
 
(a) 
Non-payment of any sums due to PDRI or any affiliate as required by the 
terms of this Agreement or by any other agreement, note, or instrument between PDRI and 
the Franchisee. The Sums herein shall include any monetary amount whatsoever owed to 
PDRI by the Franchisee, including, but not limited to, Royalty Fees, transfer fee, program 
fee, software fees, any amount owed to PDRI or any affiliate under indemnification 
obligations of the Franchisee, any loss caused to PDRI or any affiliate due to a dispute 
between the Franchisee and a third-party. The failure to timely invoice shall also be a 
violation of this section. 
 
(b) 
Failure by Franchisee to maintain and operate the Franchised Business in 
accordance with good business practices and in accordance with the rules, regulations, 
methods and procedures contained in this Agreement and the Operations Manual as now 
compiled or as amended from time to time during the term of this Agreement, including but 
