 
42 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
Provision 
Section in 
Franchise or 
Other Agreement 
Summary 
 
v 
 
Choice of forum 
 
Article 23 
 
Any controversy or claim arising out of or 
relating to the Franchise Agreement or the 
acquisition or operation of the franchise 
shall be settled by binding arbitration.  
Subject to state law, the forum in which the 
arbitration will take place is selected by the 
Arbitration Committee. 
 
Subject to state law, such disputes may not 
be litigated in any court.   
 
w. 
 
Choice of law 
 
Article 29 
 
Subject to state law, Florida law will apply.  
 
ITEM 18:  PUBLIC FIGURES 
 
 
PDRI does not use any public figures to promote its franchises. 
 
ITEM 19:  FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS 
 
 
The FTC’s Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to provide information about the actual or 
potential financial performance of its franchised and/or franchisor-owned outlets, if there is a 
reasonable basis for the information, and if the information is included in the disclosure document.  
Financial performance information that differs from that included in Item 19 may be given only 
if: (1) a franchisor provides the actual records of an existing outlet you are considering buying; or 
(2) a franchisor supplements the information provided in this Item 19, for example, by providing 
information about possible performance at a particular location or under particular circumstances. 
 
 
PDRI provides historical financial performance about PDRI’s existing United States 
outlets in Tables 1-4 below, which show the actual gross sales of operating franchised Paul Davis 
Restoration Businesses that operated during calendar year 2024.  All actual gross sales figures 
have been provided to PDRI by its affiliate and its franchisees, who are required by the Franchise 
Agreement to engage a certified public accountant to compile financial statements.  However, 
PDRI has not audited these financial statements to determine whether they were prepared in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  The amounts represented in Tables 1-
4 are amounts reported to PDRI by all operating Paul Davis Restoration Businesses.   The term 
“Population” in the Tables below refers to the number of people comprising the applicable 
business’s territory, as designated by PDRI.  In some instances, PDRI elected to exclude a certain 
number of people that live in the territory due to the demographics of the area, so the actual 
population of the territory may be higher than the number stated in the Tables below. 
 
 
PDRI provides in Table 5 actual sales prices of PDRI franchises sold during the last year.  
All actual sales prices have been provided to PDRI by its franchisees.  Franchisees who wish to 
