7 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Agreement 
on the Consumer Price Index. Franchisee’s Guarantee Fund contributions shall be held by 
CSI for the account of Franchisee in accordance with the Operations Manual.  If this franchise 
was acquired from a prior franchisee, then the amount of the monthly Guarantee Fund fee 
shall equal to one percent (1%) of Gross Sales.  
 
 
(2) 
Indemnity Fund.  Franchisee shall pay a monthly Indemnity Fund fee based 
on the following scale for annual cumulative invoiced Gross Sales. PDRI / CSI reserves the 
right after year one to charge a pro-rated monthly fee based on the prior year expense to 
support the Indemnity Fund: 
 
 
 
a. 
$0 
 
to $2,000,000  = 0.10% 
 
 
b. 
$2,000,000.01 to $4,000,000 = 0.08% 
 
 
c. 
$4,000,000.01 to $8,000,000 = 0.06% 
 
 
d. 
$8,000,000.01 or greater 
= 0.04%. 
 
 
 
 
(3) 
Monthly Payments. 
The Guarantee Fund fee and the Indemnity Fund fee 
shall be paid as directed by CSI at the same time Royalty Fees are due to PDRI.   
 
 
(c) 
Payments Following Termination.  Following termination of this Agreement 
for any reason, the balance in Franchisee’s Guarantee Fund account shall be paid to 
Franchisee two years following such termination in accordance with the procedures 
contained in the Operations Manual, provided however, that Franchisee agrees and hereby 
instructs CSI that CSI shall first deduct and remit to PDRI the amount of any sums due to 
PDRI under this Agreement or any other instrument. Franchisee remains liable for all fees 
and royalty associated with the operation of the Franchise after termination. In the event 
that a Franchisee’s sale includes the CSI deposit, the new Franchisee will be liable for any 
sums due from such deposit, owed by the selling Franchisee. The Indemnity Fund Fee is 
not a deposit and will not be returned upon termination of the Franchise. 
 
3.8 
Fee Adjustments for Underpayment.  Franchisee agrees to pay to PDRI, 
within ten (10) days after receipt of written notice, any amount due to PDRI as determined 
by either (a) the financial statements or reports prepared by Franchisee's certified public 
accountant as required by this Agreement or (b) the audit inspection performed by PDRI’S 
authorized agent in accordance with Section 6.7(b).  If such an examination discloses any 
underpayment of the amounts required to be paid to PDRI, then Franchisee shall pay, in 
addition to the amount owed, interest on the unpaid amount as provided in Section 3.11.  In 
addition, if such an examination discloses an underpayment greater than two percent (2%), 
Franchisee shall be subject to other actions allowed to PDRI under the terms of this 
Agreement, including, but not limited to, termination for breach of this Agreement. 
 
3.9 
Changes in Fees.   PDRI reserves the right to change fees on Optional 
Programs pursuant to section 1.5, and prospectively in any new form of Franchise 
Agreement, and Franchisee acknowledges that it will be bound by the terms of PDRI’s then-
current form of Franchise Agreement in the event Franchisee chooses to renew for an 
additional term.   
 
3.10 
 Due Date of Royalty and Other Monthly Fees.  Franchisee agrees to pay 
Royalty Fees for the prior month's invoiced Gross Sales and all other monthly fees payable 
to PDRI by the twenty-fifth (25th) day of each month.  For start-up franchises (not acquired 
from existing franchisees) all monthly fees other than the Royalty Fee shall commence in 
