 
22 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Disclosure Document 
(b) 
Employer’s Liability Insurance with limits of not less than $500,000 each 
occurrence and in aggregate. 
 
(c) 
Commercial General Liability Insurance, including products liability and broad 
form contractual liability, with limits of not less than $1 million per occurrence and $2 million 
aggregate. 
 
(d) 
Contractor’s Pollution Liability Insurance with limits of not less than $1 million 
per occurrence and in aggregate. 
 
(e) 
Business Automobile Liability Insurance (including Automobile Non-Ownership 
Liability) with a combined single limit of not less than $1 million per occurrence. 
 
(f) 
Umbrella or Excess Liability Insurance with limits of not less than $4 million each 
occurrence and in aggregate. 
 
(g) 
Bailee Insurance for personal property in the care, custody or control of Franchisee 
with limits of not less than $250,000 per occurrence and in aggregate. 
 
We may require additional coverage limits, or bond requirements, in connection with 
servicing losses exceeding $500,000 (a “Complex Loss”). Each policy shall provide a separate 
endorsement naming PDRI and its designees as additional named insureds; shall provide that the 
policy is primary over the coverage of PDRI; cannot be canceled without 30 days prior written 
notice to PDRI; and shall insure your contractual liability. Any failure to have the appropriate 
insurance shall be considered a material breach of the Franchise Agreement.  Prior to the 
commencement of operations, you must furnish a Certificate of Insurance reflecting that the 
required insurance coverage is in effect and, if requested, a copy of all such insurance policies.  
All policies shall be renewed, and you must provide PDRI with a renewal Certificate of Insurance 
for each policy prior to the expiration of the prior policy.  PDRI uses a Third Party Vendor, Profile 
Gorilla, as a repository for all proof of insurance, licensing, IICRC, Mold and Lead certificates as 
well as background checks for your employees and subcontractor employees.   
 
You must also procure and maintain cyber insurance coverage, including for technology errors 
and omissions, network security/privacy covering liability for loss or damage due to an act, error, 
omission, or negligence by Franchisee and for claims arising from unauthorized access, with limits 
of not less than $1,000,000 per occurrence and $2,000,000 in the aggregate, and coverage for wage 
and hour defense costs of up to $100,000 and general casualty insurance, including fire and 
extended coverage, vandalism, theft burglary and malicious mischief insurance for replacement 
value of the franchised business and its contents.  
 
Each insurance policy: shall provide a separate endorsement naming PDRI, and its designee(s) as 
additional named insureds; shall provide that the policy is primary over the coverage of PDRI; 
cannot be canceled without 30 days prior written notice to PDRI; and shall insure your contractual 
liability. Any failure to have the appropriate insurance shall be considered a material breach of the 
Franchise Agreement. 
