 
 
PAUL DAVIS RESTORATION, INC. 
NORTH DAKOTA ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
For franchises and franchisees subject to the North Dakota Franchise Investment 
Law, the following information supersedes on supplements, as the case maybe, the 
corresponding disclosures in the main body of the text of the Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Disclosure Document. 
 
1. 
Item 17 is amended by the addition of the following language to the original 
language that appears therein; 
 
(a)       Covenants not to compete upon termination or expiration of a 
franchise agreement are generally unenforceable in North Dakota, except in certain 
instances as provides by law. 
 
(b) 
Any provision in the Franchise Agreement which designates 
jurisdiction or venue or requires the franchisee to agree to jurisdiction or venue in a forum 
outside of North Dakota is void with respect to any cause of action which is otherwise 
enforceable in North Dakota. 
 
(c) 
Any provision in the Franchise Agreement which requires a 
franchisee to waive his or her right to a jury trial has been determined to be unfair, unjust 
and inequitable within the intent of Section 51-19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise 
Investment Law. 
 
(d) 
Any provision requiring a franchisee to sign a general release upon 
renewal of the franchise agreement has been determined to be unfair, unjust and 
inequitable within the intent of Section 51-19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise Investment 
Law. 
 
(e) 
Any provision in the Franchise Agreement requiring a franchisee to 
agree to the arbitration or mediation of disputes at a location that is remote from the site 
of the franchisee’s business has been determined to be unfair, unjust and inequitable 
within the intent of Section 51-19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law. 
 
(f) 
Apart from civil liability as set forth in Section 51-19-12 of the 
N.D.C.C., which is limited to violations of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law 
(registration and fraud), the liability of the franchisor to a franchisee is based largely on 
contract law.  Despite the fact that those provisions are not contained in the franchise 
investment law, those provisions contain substantive rights intended to be afforded to 
North Dakota residents and it is unfair to franchise investors to require them to waive their 
rights under North Dakota Law. 
 
(g) 
Any provision in the Franchise Agreement requiring that the 
Franchise Agreement be construed according to the laws of a state other than North 
