 
18 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Disclosure Document 
(2) 
There are no real estate or build out requirements.  PDRI requires you to maintain an office 
in your franchise territory dedicated solely to the operation of the franchise.  Franchisees usually 
rent offices in strip centers, light industrial parks with 3,000 sq.ft. office space and 8,000 sq. ft. 
industrial (11,000 sq. ft total), or suburban office parks.  Typical rent for a start-up office is $5,000 
to $15,000 per month. If you operate an existing restoration business, PDRI does not have a formal 
conversion program, but PDRI will work with you to convert your existing business into a PDRI 
franchise. 
 
(3) 
We strongly advise and encourage you to spend a significant amount on marketing and 
advertising your franchise in connection with its grand opening, however, you are not required to 
spend a minimum amount. Your actual costs in marketing and advertising your franchise will 
significantly vary based upon the market you are in, and the extent and type of advertising you 
elect to purchase. We may, in our sole discretion and as we deem appropriate, provide you with 
assistance or guidance in marketing and advertising the opening of your business. All marketing 
and advertising must comply with PDRI’s standards and specifications, as more fully described in 
Item 11 of this Disclosure Document. 
 
(4) 
You must buy or lease a computer system that is compatible with the PDRI Common 
Software.  PDRI reserves the right to designate the hardware platform including the brand, the 
application software and the operation software.  You may purchase or lease from any available 
supplier. Currently, you may purchase a compatible system for between $13,000 and $25,000, 
which includes a server computer and two PC workstations, one printer and PC software.  
Franchisees are often able to obtain lease terms for the computer system based on their financial 
position.  You must also purchase or lease a fax machine, a photocopier, and a scanner and an 
Internet connection is required.  In addition, you are required to immediately provide emergency 
services as part of your franchise operation. The low figure in this chart reflects the initial payment 
required for a lease or installment purchase of the computer system and emergency services 
equipment, while the high figure reflects purchase of the equipment.  See Items 8 and 11 for a 
description of the computer system.  You are required to use the Common Software designated by 
PDRI in conjunction with the Xactimatetm or Symbility estimating systems.  (See Items 6 and 8 
for more information).  While PDRI has assumed the billing responsibility from Xactimatetm to 
secure favorable pricing for the Network, you are responsible for costs of obtaining, installing and 
maintaining the Xactimatetm estimating system, including all license fees associated with its 
possession, use or operation.    See Item 11 for more information about computer software and 
hardware. 
 
(5) 
You must lease or purchase a full-sized extended van which must be delivered to you 
before you open your franchise.  The low-end estimate provided is for the cost of three monthly 
lease payments and the down payment for a new vehicle, with a four year lease term.  The cost of 
the vehicle will vary depending upon the make, model and age of the vehicle; and, as of the date 
of this disclosure document, the purchase price of a three-quarter ton van should range from 
$50,000 to $91,000, including the purchase and installation of the decals and storage racks for 
holding your equipment in accordance with PDRI’s specifications. The range in prices is 
dependent on the options you choose.  The high-end estimate includes the purchase price described 
above as well as the purchase of a vehicle mount, which is optional and costs between $15,000 
and $30,000.  As you will transport drying equipment in the van, the van must be large enough to 
