 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Disclosure Document 
sources in PDRI’s or CSI’s sole discretion: 
 
a. 
Purchasing Franchisee using sums due Selling Franchisee under 
any right of set-off until such right is exhausted; 
 
b. 
Selling Franchisee’s CSI Account balance; 
 
c. 
Selling Franchisee; and 
 
d. 
Purchasing Franchisee. 
 
 
9. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement or any 
other agreement to which Selling Franchisee, Purchasing Franchisee, or PDRI may be a 
party, Selling Franchisee and Purchasing Franchisee agree that any security interest or 
lien of Selling Franchisee or Purchasing Franchisee in and to the Franchise, or any goods, 
general intangibles (including the Purchaser’s Franchise Agreement and the Franchise 
Rights), accounts or proceeds thereof relating to the Franchise (collectively, the 
“Franchise Property”) shall be inferior and subordinate to all claims, liens, security 
interests, encumbrances or other rights or interests, including the right of offset 
(collectively, “Claims”) that: 
 
a. 
CSI may now or hereafter have which arise out of or in connection with the 
payment or performance by CSI in respect of any guaranty certificate issued by 
CSI on behalf of Selling Franchisee or Purchasing Franchisee; or 
 
b. 
PDRI may now or hereafter have for franchise fees or other amounts due 
and owing to PDRI by Selling Franchisee or Purchasing Franchisee. 
 
In the event that CSI or PDRI shall have a Claim against Selling Franchisee, Selling 
Franchisee and Purchasing Franchisee hereby agree that (notwithstanding whether or 
not there exists a right of off-set between Selling Franchisee and Purchasing Franchisee) 
upon written notification by CSI or PDRI, Purchasing Franchisee shall make all payments 
owed by Purchasing Franchisee to Selling Franchisee, to CSI or PDRI as appropriate. 
 
 
10. 
In the event that Selling Franchisee exercise their rights and remedies in 
respect to any security interest or lien that they have in and to the Franchise or the 
Franchise Property, the exercise of which results in the transfer of the Franchise to Selling 
Franchisee, or to any other party approved by PDRI, then in connection with such transfer: 
 
a. 
Selling Franchisee must cure any default under the Purchaser’s Franchise 
Agreement and must pay to CSI and PDRI the amount of any Claims. 
 
b. 
Selling Franchisee agrees to be bound by the Operations Manual, the 
Purchaser’s Franchise Agreement, and all other documents or agreements 
between Purchasing Franchisee and PDRI, CSI, or any other person. 
 
 
11. 
Selling Franchisee and Purchasing Franchisee agree that nothing 
contained in this Agreement, or any other agreement to which Selling Franchisee, 
Purchasing Franchisee or PDRI may be a party, shall in any manner, limit, restrict or 
impair PDRI’s right to terminate the Purchaser’s Franchise Agreement for cause in 
