14 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Agreement 
6.8 
Compliance with Law.  “Law” means the collective body of state and federal 
constitutions, statutes, regulations, ordinances, codes, rules, official opinions, rulings, 
guidelines, orders, case precedents, and other expressions or prescriptions of civil 
authorities regulating Data Protection Laws as described in section 9.1 herein, safety, 
conduct, property, and rights within or affecting their jurisdictions.  Within the Law, 
Franchisee shall strictly follow and comply with the procedures, methods, service levels and 
standards in this Agreement, Program and/or Optional Program requirements and the 
Operations Manual.  If any of these documents conflict with the Law, Franchisee shall 
instruct its employees and agents in writing on how to comply with the Law, attach such 
instructions to its copies of the applicable document, and send a copy of the special 
instructions to PDRI.  Franchisee also agrees to comply with all applicable laws pertaining 
to the privacy of the customer, employee, and transactional information (“Privacy Laws”) 
and other applicable data protection laws that are applicable to the PDRI franchise system 
as a whole. 
 
Any violation of Law by Franchisee is a breach of this Agreement. Franchisee 
acknowledges that PDRI will not, and properly could not, render legal, accounting, or tax 
advice to Franchisee and that it shall be Franchisee's obligation to retain independent 
counsel as needed in those areas.  Franchisee shall comply with all Law regulating general 
contracting, including data privacy and security laws, policies and procedures of PDRI or its 
affiliates or parent company, and any licensing requirements. Upon PDRI’s written request, 
Franchisee shall provide PDRI with written documentation and evidence of Franchisee’s 
compliance with federal, state and local laws, permits, certifications, insurance 
requirements, background checks, and/or any other information requested by PDRI, and in 
a form or manner required by PDRI. Failure to submit evidence of compliance in accordance 
with this Section will be considered a material breach of this Agreement and may result in 
termination. 
 
6.9 
Pricing Recommendations.  From time to time, PDRI may advise Franchisee 
of suggested prices for services offered.  PDRI and Franchisee expressly agree that any 
such suggested prices are a recommendation only and is not binding or mandatory. 
 
 
6.10 
Quality Surveys.  Franchisee shall submit to PDRI, or its designee, job 
information in a format specified by PDRI for the purposes of conducting customer 
satisfaction surveys.  PDRI may reveal the results of such surveys to insurance company 
representatives and use such results in its advertising.   
 
 
6.11 
Brand Identity Program.  Franchisee agrees to comply with any brand 
identity programs instituted by PDRI and acknowledges that such program may include 
mandatory standard employee apparel or uniforms, vehicle appearance and signage, office 
appearance and signage, and use of a PDRI approved after-hours telephone answering 
service. Violation of such Brand Identity Program is a default under section 17.1 this 
Agreement and subject to corrective action up to and including termination of this 
Agreement.  
 
ARTICLE 7:  RELATIONSHIP OF PARTIES 
   
7.1 
Independent Contractor Status.  Franchisee is an independent contractor and is not 
an agent, partner, joint venturer or employee of PDRI.  No fiduciary relationship between 
the parties exists.  Franchisee shall have no right to bind or obligate PDRI in any way or 
