 
19 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Disclosure Document 
hold the drying equipment and other supplies and equipment, as well as the storage racks installed 
to hold the drying equipment. The current negotiated rates with our partners at GM, Ford and 
Mercedes Benz are as follows: Full-Size Extended Van - 2023 3500 Express Extended Van GM: 
$40,900 (2024 price: $46,500); and 170 Extended MB Sprinter (Plus Options): $61,000.   
 
(6) 
You must purchase a start-up equipment package to operate your business before you open 
your franchise.  PDRI has arranged with multiple suppliers to have PDRI’s standard equipment 
and proprietary chemical package from our chemical partner available to franchises, but the 
equipment is available from any supplier.  Some suppliers may permit you to finance the cost of 
the equipment depending on your credit rating.  While the exact terms and rates of such financing 
will depend on your supplier and your credit rating, you will generally be required to make a down 
payment of at least 10% of the purchase price of the equipment. 
 
(7) 
You will incur significant travel and lodging expenses during the training program period, 
including round trip airfare to Jacksonville, car rental, hotel, and meals for three weeks.  PDRI 
estimates your travel and living expenses during the three-week training period will be $5,000 - 
$7,500. 
 
(8) 
Insurance costs due at start-up will range from approximately $20,500 to $63,500 based on 
the current insurance market, which fluctuates considerably. Franchises in the State of California 
and the State of New York will have higher requirements based on California and New York law, 
which could increase this estimate.  Other states may also implement similar requirements, and we 
strongly recommend that you investigate the impact of applicable state laws on your insurance 
costs prior to entering into a Franchise Agreement.  We recommend that you begin your search for 
insurance as soon as possible due to potential delays in obtaining the required insurance.  
 
(9) 
The requirements for individual or company licensing and/or certification vary 
substantially from state to state and may further vary from city to city, or county to county, within 
a state. There also may be delays in obtaining the proper licensing due to issues raised in some 
jurisdictions related to the pandemic. You should determine what licensing or certification 
requirements are imposed by the various governmental bodies in the locations where you expect 
to establish a Paul Davis Restoration ® franchise.  These licenses may require examinations and/or 
significant fees.  It is your responsibility to determine what licensing requirements are applicable, 
as all applicable licenses must be in place before you open your franchise. 
 
(10) 
Initial CPA fees to set up the accounting for a franchise will generally range between 
$1,000 and $2,000.  The CPA may waive or reduce the initial set-up charge as an incentive to get 
a new client.  CPA fees on a resale may be higher.  
 
(11) 
This estimate represents the necessary working capital in the first three months of 
operations.  PDRI estimates that you should have minimum working capital of $500,000 per 
franchise territory at any time to manage jobs, including the first year. Working capital is the 
difference between current assets and current liabilities but may include unused lines of credit. 
PDRI reserves the right to require additional capital or any line of credit that is at a high interest 
rate.  Working capital needs are heavily influenced by draws on jobs, size of jobs, consistent 
collection of receivables and good business practices with respect to payables.  Because of the 
