 
 
PAUL DAVIS RESTORATION, INC. 
CALIFORNIA ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
1. Neither the franchisor nor any person in Item 2 of the disclosure document is subject 
to any currently effective order of any national securities association or national securities 
exchange as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 15 U.S.C.A. 78a et seq., 
suspending or expelling such person from membership in that association or exchange. 
 
 2. The California Franchise Investment Law requires that a copy of all proposed 
agreements relating to the sale of the franchise be delivered together with the disclosure 
document. 
 
3. The Franchise Agreement requires binding arbitration. The arbitration will occur at a 
site chosen by the arbitrators with the costs being borne by each party except where a 
party fails to comply with the arbitration provisions of the Franchise Agreement, in which 
case, that party shall be liable to the other party for all costs and attorneys’ fees incurred 
by the other party to enforce the arbitration provision. 
 
4. The following paragraph is added to the end of Item 6 of the disclosure document 
 
A. Liquidated Damages Provision: 
 
If the Franchise Agreement contains any liquidated damage clauses, California Civil Code 
Section 1671 may render them unenforceable. 
 
5. The following paragraph is added at the end of Item 10 of the disclosure document: 
 
We will comply with all appropriate laws governing any direct financing offered by us to 
you including, if applicable, the California Finance Lenders Law. 
 
6. The following paragraphs are added at the end of Item 17 of the disclosure document: 
 
    A. 
Termination and Non-Renewal: 
 
California Business and Professional Code Sections 200000 through 20043 provide 
rights to franchisees concerning termination or non-renewal of a franchise. If the 
Franchise Agreement contains any provision that is inconsistent with the law, the law, 
as amended from time to time, will control. 
 
    B. 
Post Termination Non-Competition Covenants: 
 
Any non-competition and non-solicitation agreement containing a covenant not to 
compete that extends beyond the termination/expiration of the franchise, may not be 
enforceable under California law. 
    
 
