 
28 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Disclosure Document 
consists of: (i) up to three weeks of new owner training school conducted in Jacksonville, Florida; 
(ii) one week of new owner field Launch training conducted at the franchise location; (iii) one 
week of new owner field mentor training conducted at an existing franchise location to be 
determined by PDRI; (iv) up to three weeks of online training prior to attending training school; 
and, (v) PDRI may, at its discretion, require a three day advanced new owner training class in 
Jacksonville approximately six months after completion of new owner school.  For new franchises 
(not transfers or resales) PDRI does not charge a separate fee for the initial training program for 
you and your Job Cost Accountant, as it is included in your initial franchise fee.  However, you 
must pay all personal expenses, including travel, meals, lodging, and transportation, incurred 
during the classroom training program.  You may choose to have additional personnel attend the 
initial training program.  Classroom JCA training is available for no additional cost. However, for 
each additional person who attends Owner’s School, you must pay a training fee of $5,000 per 
person to PDRI.  If you purchased your franchise from an existing franchisee, for which you did 
not pay any initial franchise fee to PDRI, you must pay an Owner’s training fee to PDRI for your 
training program as follows: 
 
New Owners/GM Training Fees:  
• $22,000 (Training Program B) this includes: 
• Owner/GM FULL training & Full Launch experience. 
 
Resale Owners/GM Training Fees: 
• $15,000 (Training Program A) this includes: 
• Owner/GM Partial Owners School training ($8,000) and, 
• Launch Coaching, Support & Field Launch/Training ($7,000) 
 
GM (only) Training Fees:  
• $8,000 (Training Program A or B)  
• This includes Owner/GM FULL or Partial training and, 
• Launch coaching through Owners School Graduation. 
 
The following are PDRI’s instructors:  
 
Denna Wright instructs PDRI’s franchisees in job costing.  Ms. Wright has 33 years of 
experience with PDRI and 41 years of experience in the field. 
 
Imzan Ogeer is a Controller and instructs PDRI’s franchisees in franchise financial 
management.  Mr. Ogeer has 10 years of experience with PDRI and 30 years of experience in the 
field. 
Leslie Anderson is the Senior Vice President of Training and Franchise Launch and 
instructs franchises in marketing, sales, biohazard, trauma, ASD, WRT, Lead, Mold, crime scene 
and hoarding classes. Ms. Anderson has 14 years of experience with PDRI and 25 years of 
experience in the field. She currently holds the following position with IICRC: (IICRC Instructor 
WRT, ASD, FSRT, TCST): 
o Chair Education and Examinations  (28 Certification Courses) 
o IICRC BOD 
o IICRC Executive Committee - 1st Vice President 
