 
26 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Disclosure Document 
During the operation of the franchise business, PDRI will provide the following: 
 
 
1. 
(a) Field training will be administered at your place of business for a period of up 
to forty (40) man hours.  These hours may not be consecutive and will be divided amongst multiple 
trainers responsible for field launching franchises. Field trainers will provide start-up field 
operations, marketing and/or financial training assistance to you.   
 
(b) PDRI will also provide a job cost accounting trainer who will train your job cost 
accountant on the Common Software and assist in setting up the office via computer streaming or, 
at the option of PDRI, by an on-site visit to your location (for a period of thirty-two (32) hours 
over multiple working days).  Your job cost accountant is required to receive this training 
(Franchise Agreement, Section 8.5).  
 
 
2. 
Upon completion of the classroom and on-site training and during your initial 8 
week period of operation (this initial 8 week period may be extended at PDRI’s discretion), PDRI 
may review and approve your estimates or require the use of FAST.  You must submit copies of 
all estimates prepared in the course of your business during this period (Franchise Agreement, 
Section 8.4). 
 
 
3. 
Provide you with access to an electronic copy of its Operations Manual, which 
contains required operational standards and procedures that apply to all franchisees.  The 
Operations Manual is proprietary and remains the property of PDRI.  PDRI can modify the 
Operations Manual with the approval of a majority of the operating franchises, working through 
the District Councils (Franchise Agreement, Section 10.1).  The table of contents of the Operations 
Manual is contained in Exhibit H. 
 
TRAINING 
 
OWNER’S TRAINING PROGRAM 
 
2025 PDR Training Topics  
Hours of Classroom 
Training 
Hours of On-
the-Job 
Training 
Location 
Estimating, Project Management, Job 
Management (RMS) and General 
Operations 
73 (57 of these hours 
are online training) 
8 
Jacksonville, FL or 
Designated Location 
 
 
