 
20 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Disclosure Document 
nature of cash flow in the insurance-related construction business, you need to have sufficient 
working capital, or a line of credit, to cover payments for material, labor and commissions on jobs 
that are too small for a draw schedule or for insurance companies that don’t give draws.  The 
amount of the credit or working capital required will fluctuate as your business grows.  Following 
the initial year of operations, you are expected to maintain working capital, including established 
and unused lines of credit, equal to 10% of the previous year’s sales or $500,000, whichever is 
greater.  Working capital needs may be higher on a resale, depending on the business. 
 
Salary or wages for a job cost accountant are forecast to range between $2,500 and $5,000 per 
month plus 10% for payroll taxes and other benefits.   
 
As a new franchisee, you must assess whether or not you intend to take a salary or draw from the 
business during the startup period.  If funds are available outside the business to cover personal 
living expenses, we recommend that you take no salary or draw.  However, if the new franchisee 
is dependent on salary or draw from the business to cover personal living expenses, you must 
include these in startup costs.  We have estimated up to $3,000/month plus 10% for taxes and 
benefits.  You would have to adjust the startup costs upward for any withdrawals in excess of 
$3,000/month. 
 
(12) 
In commercial leases, a security deposit is typically equal to one (1) month of rent – this 
can be higher depending on the landlord and is paid upfront when a tenant signs the lease.  The 
security deposit is typically refunded upon termination of the lease barring any significant damage 
or past due balances. Security deposits vary by state, it is up to the franchise candidate to 
understand the requirements for their state. 
 
In addition, you will be responsible for certain monthly fees including the Computer Software Fee, 
Joint Quality Review Fee, Strategic Marketing Plan Fee, Web Site Hosting Fee, Call Center Fee, 
Program estimating (FAST), Validate (QA Assist), and QA Fees. (See Item 6 for additional 
information). You are also responsible for local IT support. 
 
The estimates in this Item 7 are based on our experience as a franchisor and our general experience 
in the industry. 
 
ITEM 8:  RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
 
 
You must purchase or lease computer hardware to operate the Common Software.  This 
hardware is described in detail in Item 11.  You may purchase or lease from any supplier of the 
required hardware.  This hardware is “off the shelf” in its configuration, so it is available from 
many different sources.    You pay an on-going software support fee of $75 per month to PDRI, in 
addition to the required third-party software fees.  
 
In connection with your use of the PDRI Common Software, you are required to obtain the 
Xactimatetm estimating software from Xactware, Inc. While PDRI has assumed the billing 
responsibility from Xactware to secure favorable pricing for those in the network, you are 
responsible for all costs and license fees associated with the Xactimatetm software.   
 
