© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Telephone Number and Internet Agreement 
 
 
 
B. 
All email addresses, domain names, social media accounts and comparable 
electronic identities that use the Marks or any portion of them used by Franchisee in connection 
with any Internet directory, website or similar item in connection with the operation of the 
Franchised Business, whether now-existing or adopted by Franchisee in the future, (collectively 
“Internet Listings”) including, without limitation, the following: 
 
Internet Listing 
Service Provider 
Account Number 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Franchisee agrees to update this form as soon as possible to include Listings adopted by 
Franchisee in the future. Franchisee shall have the right to use the Listings only in connection 
with advertising the Franchised Business as permitted under the Agreement. Franchisee agrees 
to pay all amounts pertaining to the use of the Listings incurred by it when due. Upon expiration 
or termination of the Agreement for any reason, Franchisee’s right of use of the Listings shall 
terminate. In the event of termination or expiration of the Agreement, Franchisee agrees to pay 
all amounts owed in connection with the Listings, including all sums owed under existing contracts 
for telephone directory advertising and to immediately at Franchisor’s request, (i) take any other 
action as may be necessary to transfer the Listings and numbers to Franchisor or Franchisor’s 
designated agent, (ii) install and maintain, at Franchisee’s sole expense, an intercept message, 
in a form and manner acceptable to Franchisor on any or all of the Listings; (iii) disconnect the 
Listings; and/or (iv) cooperate with Franchisor or its designated agent in the removal or relisting 
of any telephone directory or directory assistance listing, Internet directory, website or advertising, 
whether published or online. 
 
 
Franchisee agrees that Franchisor may require that all telephone numbers and telephone 
and internet equipment and service must be owned or provided by Franchisor or a supplier 
approved by Franchisor and that Franchisor has the right to require Franchisee to “port” or transfer 
to Franchisor or an approved call routing and tracking vendor all phone numbers associated with 
the Franchised Business or published in any print or online directory, advertisement, marketing 
or promotion associated with the Marks. 
 
 
Franchisee appoints Franchisor as Franchisee’s attorney-in-fact, to act in Franchisee’s 
place, for the purpose of assigning any Listings covered by the Assignment to Franchisor or 
Franchisor’s designated agent or taking any other actions required of Franchisee under this 
Agreement. Franchisee grants Franchisor full authority to act in any manner proper or necessary 
to the exercise of the forgoing powers, including full power of substitution and execution or 
completion of any documents required or requested by any telephone or other company to 
transfer such numbers, and Franchisee ratifies every act that Franchisor may lawfully perform in 
exercising those powers. This power of attorney shall be effective for a period of two (2) years 
from the date of expiration, cancellation or termination of Franchisee’s rights under the Agreement 
for any reason. Franchisee intends that this power of attorney be coupled with an interest. 
Franchisee declares this power of attorney to be irrevocable and renounces all rights to revoke it 
