33 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Agreement 
(b) 
Right to Use Customer Information, and Trade Secrets.  PDRI shall disclose 
the Trade Secrets to Franchisee by lending to Franchisee, for the term of this Agreement, 
the Operations Manual and other written materials, and the Common Software, all 
containing the Trade Secrets, through training and assistance provided to Franchisee 
hereunder, and by and through the performance of PDRI’s other obligations under this 
Agreement.  Franchisee acknowledges that PDRI is the sole owner of all Customer 
Information, and Trade Secrets; that such information is being imparted to Franchisee only 
by reason of its special status as a Franchisee of the Paul Davis Restoration franchise; and 
that the Trade Secrets are not generally known to the trade or public and are not known to 
Franchisee except by reason of such disclosure. Franchisee further acknowledges that it 
shall acquire no interest in the Trade Secrets other than the right to use them in the 
development and operation of the Franchise during the term of this Agreement.  Franchisee 
further acknowledges that the use or duplication of the Customer Information or Trade 
Secrets except as expressly permitted by this Agreement shall constitute an unfair method 
of competition and that PDRI shall suffer irreparable injury thereby. 
 
(c) 
Covenant Not to Disclose.  Franchisee acknowledges that the Customer 
Information and Trade Secrets are disclosed to Franchisee solely on the condition that 
Franchisee agrees, and Franchisee hereby does agree, that Franchisee: 
 
(i) 
will use the Customer Information and Trade Secrets in strict accordance 
with the Operations Manual and with directions given by PDRI from time to time; 
 
(ii) 
will not use the Customer Information and Trade Secrets in any other 
business or capacity; 
 
(iii) 
will maintain the absolute confidentiality of the Customer Information and 
Trade Secrets during and after the term of this Agreement; 
 
(iv) 
will not duplicate copy or otherwise reproduce any written materials or 
computer software containing the Customer Information and Trade Secrets unless it has 
received prior written consent from PDRI; 
 
(v) 
will observe and implement those procedures established by PDRI and set 
forth in the Operations Manual to control the use and disclosure of Customer Information 
and Trade Secrets by employees of Franchisee; and 
 
(vi) 
will immediately notify PDRI in writing of any suspected or actual use of the 
Customer Information and Trade Secrets by a third party. 
 
(d) 
Covenant to Secure Materials.  Franchisee shall keep all Operations Manual, 
other written materials and the Common Software containing the Customer Information 
and/or Trade Secrets in a secure location and shall maintain control over such materials at 
all times.  Franchisee shall disclose the Customer Information and/or Trade Secrets to 
employees or independent contractors only to the extent required for such employees or 
independent contractors to perform their duties of employment. 
 
(e) 
Changes to Trade Secrets.  PDRI retains the right to make additions, 
deletions and revisions to the Trade Secrets.  Such changes shall become binding upon 
Franchisee upon notification thereof and Franchisee agrees to take all steps necessary to 
