 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Disclosure Document 
necessary and appropriate.  Purchasing Franchisee acknowledge that any agent or 
salesperson involved in the Purchase Transaction is an agent of Selling Franchisee and 
not an agent of PDRI.  Purchasing Franchisee shall make no claim against PDRI for any 
actions or omissions arising out of, or in the course of, the Purchase Transaction or 
Purchasing Franchisee’s relationship with Selling Franchisee.  Purchasing Franchisee 
hereby waives all claims and releases PDRI, its officers, directors, employees and agents, 
from any claim Purchasing Franchisee may have, including any claim of fraud or 
misrepresentation, arising out of the Purchase Transaction.  Selling Franchisee shall 
indemnify and hold harmless PDRI, its officers, directors, employees, and agents, from 
any claim arising out of the Purchase Transaction, including, without limitation, any claim 
of fraud or misrepresentation made by Selling Franchisee, its officers, directors, or 
agents, arising out of the Purchase Transaction.   
 
 
3. 
Purchasing Franchisee acknowledge that they have received and examined 
the Purchaser’s Franchise Agreement and the Paul Davis Operations Manual (the 
“Operations Manual”).  Purchasing Franchisee agrees to abide by and be bound by the 
terms and provisions of the Purchaser’s Franchise Agreement and the Operations 
Manual.  As soon as practicable following the execution of the Purchaser’s Franchise 
Agreement, Selling Franchisee shall turn over to Purchasing Franchisee the Operations 
Manual, all designated software, and all other materials provided by PDRI for the 
operation of the Franchise.  Purchasing Franchisee acknowledge that their representative 
must attend and complete the next available Paul Davis Restoration training program for 
new franchise owners and that Purchasing Franchisee shall not commence Franchise 
operations prior to having a representative complete the training program.  The transfer 
of the Franchise shall not be effective and Purchasing Franchisee shall not attend the 
new owner training program until all transfer fees and training fees have been paid.  
Purchasing Franchisee shall be responsible for, and shall pay to PDRI, any debts due or 
to become due to PDRI by Selling Franchisee if not paid by Selling Franchisee.    
 
 
4. 
Purchasing Franchisee hereby assumes responsibility for warranty claims 
filed by customers of Selling Franchisee (“Seller’s Warranty Claims”) and for jobs begun 
but not completed by Selling Franchisee prior to the transfer of the Franchise (the “Work 
in Progress”).  Purchasing Franchisee shall supply all labor, materials, and supervision 
required to complete the Work in Progress and to service Seller’s Warranty Claims, if 
necessary.  Purchasing Franchisee and Selling Franchisee shall be jointly and severally 
liable for Seller’s Warranty Claims and the Work in Progress.  Purchasing Franchisee and 
Selling Franchisee, jointly and severally, agree to indemnify and hold PDRI and CSI 
harmless from and against all claims of any nature arising out of the Work in Progress 
and Seller’s Warranty Claims and any and all costs, fees and expenses incurred by PDRI 
or CSI in settling, completing, and/or servicing such claims, including but not limited to, 
attorneys’ fees, court costs, and other expenses of investigation or defense.   
 
 
5. 
Purchasing Franchisee agrees to indemnify and hold harmless PDRI and 
CSI from and against any claims, causes of action, suits or settlements arising out of the 
operation of the Franchise by Purchasing Franchisee (including, without limitation, any 
claims by customers of Selling Franchisee) and any and all costs, fees and expenses 
incurred by PDRI or CSI in settling, completing, and/or servicing such claims, including 
but not limited to, attorneys’ fees, court costs, and other expenses of investigation or 
defense. 
 
