 
29 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Disclosure Document 
o IICRC S540 Standard Contributor First Edition 2017 and Second Edition 2023 
o IICRC TCST Exam Committee 
o TCST Standard Vice Chair 2017-2024 
 
Aaron Bandy is the VP of Franchise Launch assisting PDRI’s franchisees in all aspects of 
their operation, including franchise management and business planning. As a new franchisee, you 
will be enrolled in the Franchise Launch program, and the Launch team will assist you in the start-
up of your franchise for the first three years.  Mr. Bandy has 5 years’ experience with PDRI in 
launch and as a Regional Business Consultant. Mr. Bandy is an Accredited Small Business 
Consultant and Certified Franchise Executive with over 32 years of experience in operations and 
franchising.  
 
Matthew Wildt is the Vice President of Training and instructs franchises in ASD, WRT, 
Mold, and estimating. Mr. Wildt has 6 years of experience with Paul Davis and 16 years of 
experience in the field. Mr. Wildt currently holds the following position with IICRC: (IICRC 
instructor WRT & ASD): 
o Restoration Division General Category Chair 
o ASD Chair 
o RRT Vice Chair 
o FSRT Vice Chair 
 
Billy Spilker is the Year 1 Launch Coach, coaching PDRI’s franchisees in all aspects of 
their operation, including franchise management and business planning. As a new franchisee, Mr. 
Spilker will assist you from the initial launch of your franchise operation until the end of your first 
year of operation.  Mr. Spilker has 3 years’ experience with PDRI, beginning with the Claims 
Force (Quality Assurance) team prior to joining the Launch Team, and over 16 years of experience 
in the restoration industry, including owning his own restoration business. 
 
Shelli Bagwell is the Year 2 Launch Coach.  She will continue the first year of coaching in all 
critical areas of business success as you work toward your second-year goals.   She has over 17 
years of experience in restoration and construction as well as being a small business owner herself.  
  
Keith Becher is the Regional Launch Director coaching PDRI’s franchisees in all aspects 
of their operation, including franchise management and business planning. As a new franchisee, 
Mr. Becher will assist you beginning on year 3 of your franchise operation.  Mr. Becher has over 
7 years’ experience with PDRI in launch and as a Regional Business Consultant and 24 years of 
experience as a Paul Davis franchise owner. Mr. Becher will be your transition guide as you move 
from Launch to the next phase of growth.  
 
Katie Stiles, Director of Launch Sales & Marketing, coaches franchisees on creating 
customized sales plans and in-depth marketing strategies to ensure you meet your location specific 
goals. Katie has nearly 12 years of experience in sales and marketing, 3 of those with the Launch 
team at PDRI. 
 
Brenda Kornelson instructs PDRI’s franchisees in job costing. Mrs. Kornelson has 15 years 
of experience with PDRI and over 30 years of accounting experience. 
 
