 
 
 
The CIF, Credit Authorization, and Personality Profile may be obtained by contacting PDRI.  
The Franchise Purchase and Sale Agreement and Shareholder Agreement (if necessary) 
are prepared by the Seller’s attorney or by your attorney.  The Business Plan must contain 
a brief written narrative (1 – 2 pages) explaining your plans to operate the franchise and 
pro forma financial statements by month for the first two years and by year for the first three 
years.  The pro forma financial statements must show the sources and uses of all funds for 
the purchase and operation of the franchise, including all closing costs, training and transfer 
fees, and ongoing debt service, owner’s compensation, and maintenance of working capital 
equal to at least 10% of the prior 12 months gross sales. 
 
 
After PDRI has reviewed and approved the proposed transfer, PDRI will issue a 
letter which grants PDRI’s consent to the transfer subject to certain conditions (the 
“Consent to Transfer Letter”).  Do not close on the purchase of the franchise before you 
have received the Consent to Transfer Letter. The conditions specified in the Consent to 
Transfer Letter will include the execution of the documents described below, the payment 
of all transfer and training fees and other sums due PDRI, and the Purchaser’s completion 
of the new owner training program.  After PDRI has received the non-refundable transfer 
fee and re-sale fee, PDRI will prepare and forward to you and the Seller the following 
documents:      
 
1. 
Franchise Termination Agreement and Release 
2. 
Tri-Party Agreement 
3. 
Franchise Agreement  
 
 
 
The Franchise Termination Agreement and Release terminates the Seller’s 
franchise agreement.  The Tri-Party Agreement deals with certain transitional issues, 
including the Job Completion and Guarantee Fund (CSI) and the buyer’s responsibility 
for work-in-progress and warranty claims.  The Franchise Agreement grants the subject 
franchise rights to the Purchaser.  PDRI cannot enter into a new franchise agreement 
with you until you have received a Paul Davis Restoration Franchise Disclosure 
Document (FDD), which provides detailed information about owning and operating a PDR 
franchise.  If you have not received an FDD please contact the Seller or PDRI Corporate 
Legal Counsel and one will be provided to you.   
 
Copies of the standard form Franchise Termination Agreement and Release and 
the Tri-Party Agreement are attached.  The standard form Franchise Agreement is 
contained in the FDD.  A diagram of the transfer documentation process is also attached.  
(The documentation is somewhat modified in cases where only a partial interest in an 
existing franchise or the franchise rights for only a portion of the franchise territory are 
being acquired.)   
 
 
The purchase of an existing franchise, like the purchase of any business, is a 
complex transaction.  PDRI encourages you to consult with your attorney and other 
professional business advisors as you investigate this opportunity.  Other than as set forth 
in the FDD, PDRI makes no representations of any kind concerning the business you are 
purchasing.  Moreover, the consent of PDRI to the transfer of franchise rights to you is 
not a guarantee that the proposed transaction is in your best interest or that you will 
ultimately succeed in this venture.  It is the responsibility of you and your advisors to 
investigate the business you are buying and to negotiate the price and terms of sale.  
