CODE 
Paul Davis Restoration, Inc.  
 North America Client Services 2020 rev March 2024 
6
Commercial Clients or third parties. Franchisee agrees that it will keep such 
information strictly confidential and warrants that it will protect and not share any 
proprietary or Trade Secret information. Franchisee agrees to retain all 
information belonging to third parties in strictest confidence and will only use the 
information as necessary to perform the work herein.   
7. Term and Termination 
 
7.1    
Franchisee may participate in this Program for as long as they meet all 
Program requirements. PDCDI reserves the right to suspend job referrals for 
any Franchisee that does not meet Program or other franchise compliance 
requirements. Franchisee may terminate this Agreement with five (5) days 
written notice for any reason.  
 
7.2    
Following termination of this Agreement, regardless of reason, PDCDI 
may refer commercial losses within Franchisee’s Territory to other qualified 
Franchisee to provide commercial services to Commercial Clients (not related to 
insurance restoration or emergency service) that Franchisee is not qualified (or 
does not wish) to perform. Cross Territory provisions may apply.  
 
8. Indemnification 
 
 
The indemnification provisions in Franchisee’s Franchise Agreement are 
incorporated into this Agreement by this reference, as set forth fully herein, and 
adds all Commercial Clients as additional indemnitees. 
 
9.  Dispute Resolution; Choice of Law 
 
The dispute resolution provision of Article 23 of the Franchise Agreement 
and as provided for in Booklet Two of the Operations Manual shall govern this 
Agreement. Notwithstanding the above, Franchisee agrees that as a condition 
precedent to Arbitration and in the best interests of maintaining relationships 
between the parties and with customers, all disputes that arise herein shall be 
submitted to a Commercial Dispute Resolution process established jointly by 
PDRI, PDCDI and the NEC. In the event that the dispute cannot be resolved by 
the Commercial Dispute Resolution process, Franchisee may pursue the 
Arbitration remedy under the Franchise Agreement. This Agreement shall be 
governed, interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of 
Florida. 
 
10.  Miscellaneous 
 
10.1 
Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or its application to any 
person or circumstance is deemed invalid or unenforceable, all other provisions 
of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and will not be affected 
thereby. In lieu of such invalid or unenforceable provision, a valid, enforceable 
provision that is as similar in intent to such invalid or unenforceable provision will 
