29 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Agreement 
and the proposed transferee shall agree to assume all liabilities of Franchisee for 
completion of work in progress and for servicing all warranties in effect for work completed 
by Franchisee; 
 
(f) 
The proposed transferee shall have completed, to the satisfaction of PDRI, 
all documents required by PDRI as part of its then current application process and shall 
meet PDRI’s then current criteria for the granting of a new franchise, including a personal 
interview with a PDRI representative; and  
 
(g) 
The proposed transferee shall have agreed with PDRI to: 
 
(i) 
attend PDRI’s next available training program for new franchisees at 
a time and location designated by PDRI; 
 
(ii) 
pay to PDRI the then established training fees for all training required 
to qualify the proposed transferee as a new franchisee. Currently such fees are $22,000 for 
one transferee and $8,000 per additional person. 
 
(iii) 
execute the then-current franchise agreement (the standard 
franchise agreement used for a new franchise) and perform all the duties and obligations 
required to be performed, fulfilled and observed by the franchisee under such franchise 
agreement (excluding the payment of the initial franchise fee); 
 
(iv) 
acquire, if necessary, computer hardware compatible with the 
Common Software in use by PDRI franchisees as of the date of transfer; and 
 
(v) 
assume all conditions and obligations set forth in Article 13 hereof, 
holding PDRI harmless for loss or damage to third parties. 
 
 
20.2 
Sale of Franchise to Prospect Identified by PDRI.  Franchisee acknowledges 
that PDRI invests in on-going efforts to identify and develop prospects for franchise sales.  
If any transferee was first identified as a sales prospect by PDRI or any sales agent engaged 
by PDRI, then Franchisee shall pay (due upon closing) to PDRI the sum of $30,000 or such 
greater sum as PDRI may be obligated to pay any such sales agent.  An individual shall be 
identified as a PDRI sales prospect by PDRI’s receipt of confidential information form from 
the individual that was not first associated with a transfer transaction. Fees due under this 
Section are in addition to any other transfer or resale fees outlined in this Agreement.     
 
 
20.3 
Right of First Refusal.  At any time within thirty (30) days after receipt by 
PDRI of both the written request to consent to a Transfer and a copy of the Transfer 
Contract, PDRI shall have the option to purchase or otherwise acquire such of Franchisee's 
rights under this Agreement together with all such other property and rights of Franchisee 
as may be the subject matter of such Transfer Contract, upon the same terms and 
conditions as those set forth in the Transfer Contract.  PDRI may exercise its option by 
giving written notice of its acceptance to Franchisee.  The provisions of this paragraph shall 
not apply to any proposed Transfer to any child, parent, sibling or spouse of Principal 
Owner. 
 
 
20.4 
Involuntary Transfer. The personal confidence reposed in Principal Owner 
is a material part of the consideration for PDRI’s entering into this Agreement and no person 
