PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
PwC Tower, 18 York Street, Suite 2500, Toronto, Ontario, Canada  M5J 0B2
T.: +1 416 863 1133, F.: +1 416 365 8215, Fax to mail: ca_toronto_18_york_fax@pwc.com
“PwC” refers to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an Ontario limited liability partnership. 
Report of Independent Auditors 
To the Management and Board of Directors of FS Brands, Inc. 
Opinion 
We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of FS Brands, Inc. and its 
subsidiaries (the “Company”), which comprise the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2023 
and December 31, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, 
consolidated statements of changes in stockholders’ equity and consolidated statements of cash flows for 
the years then ended, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial 
statements”). 
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, 
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, and the results of 
its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with accounting principles 
generally accepted in the United States of America. 
Basis for Opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of 
America (“US GAAS”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditors’ 
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are 
required to be independent of the Company and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, in accordance 
with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our audit. We believe that the audit evidence we have 
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. 
Responsibilities of Management for the Consolidated Financial Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial 
statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, 
and for the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and 
fair presentation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether 
due to fraud or error. 
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are 
conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability 
to continue as a going concern for one year after the date the consolidated financial statements are 
available to be issued. 
Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as 
a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ 
report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute 
assurance and therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with US GAAS will 
always detect a material misstatement when it exists. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement 
resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, 
intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. Misstatements are 
