 
38 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Disclosure Document 
your Principal Owner’s spouse must execute a spousal acknowledgment following the signature 
page of the Franchise Agreement that binds the spouse under the non-competition, non-disclosure 
and dispute resolution provisions of the Franchise Agreement. 
 
ITEM 16:  RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISE MAY SELL 
 
 
The Franchise Agreement limits the goods or services which you may sell to those offered 
in the franchise system.  You must offer all services that PDRI designates as required in your 
Franchise Agreement.  If the General Council establishes new services, you must offer them.  
There are no limits on the General Council’s right to establish new services. 
 
ITEM 17:  RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER, AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
 
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP 
 
 
This table lists certain important provisions of the franchise and related agreements.  
You should read these provisions in the agreements attached to this disclosure document. 
 
 
Provision 
Section in 
Franchise or 
Other Agreement 
Summary 
 
a. 
 
Length of the 
franchise term 
 
Article 5 
 
5 years 
 
b. 
 
Renewal or extension 
of the term 
 
Article 5 
 
Additional 5 years  
 
c. 
 
Requirements for 
franchisee to renew 
or extend 
 
Article 5 
 
Includes: notice of intent to renew or not 
renew at least 90 days but not more than 
180 days prior to end of term; sign PDRI’s 
then-current form of Franchise Agreement, 
which may have materially different terms 
and conditions from your original franchise 
agreement; bring computer hardware and 
other equipment up to then current 
standards; compliance throughout term and 
minimum sales for each of the prior two 
years of the greater of the national median 
sales amount for PDR offices in the 
Network or $6.00 times the net population 
of the Franchise Territory and compliance 
with Minimum Royalty obligations; 
payment of renewal fee; 
Renewal must be executed within 90 days 
of presentation to Franchisee. 
