4 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Agreement 
including but not limited to, use of specialized software and equipment, special processes, 
or obligations to defend, indemnify and hold harmless various parties or third parties such 
as insurance carriers, administrators, homeowners and commercial partners against any 
liabilities, claims, damages, expenses and losses that may arise. The Franchisee 
acknowledges that PDRI does not provide any legal advice. By electing to participate, the 
Franchisee affirms they have evaluated and accept the terms and conditions, including the 
associated risks, based on their own comprehensive understanding or after consulting with 
legal counsel. 
 
 
1.6 
Cooperative Marketing Program. Franchisor has the right in its sole 
discretion, to designate any region or area in which one or more Franchised businesses are 
operating as an advertising cooperative area (the “Cooperative”) and to determine if a 
Cooperative is applicable to Franchisee’s Franchised Business.  If a Cooperative has been 
established applicable to Franchisee’s Franchised Business at the time Franchisee begins 
operating under this Agreement, Franchisee must immediately become a member of such 
Cooperative and make the required contributions to the Cooperative’s fund.  If a 
Cooperative applicable to Franchisee’s Franchised Business is established at a later time 
during the term of this Agreement, Franchisee must become a member of such Cooperative 
no later than thirty (30) days after the date on which the Cooperative is formed.  Franchisee 
must comply with all guidelines and requirements applicable to the Cooperative, as set forth 
by PDRI or the Cooperative itself.  PDRI may require a Cooperative to be formed, changed, 
dissolved, or merged in its sole and absolute discretion. If franchisees within a region desire 
to form a Cooperative, the franchisees must first receive PDRI approval and adhere to 
PDRI’s Cooperative Program standards as set and amended by PDRI from time to time. 
The Cooperative will conduct advertising campaigns for the Franchised Business(es) 
located in that region. Contributions to a Cooperative are determined by a majority vote of 
the Franchised Business(es). 
 
 
1.7 
Exclusions and Reservations. Franchisee expressly understands and 
agrees that Franchisor and Franchisor’s affiliates will have the right, in Franchisor’s sole 
discretion, to: (i) establish and operate, and license third parties the right to establish and 
operate, other Franchised Businesses using the Proprietary Marks and System at any 
location(s) outside of the Protected Territory (as defined in Section 4.1 of this Agreement); 
(ii) open and operate, or license third parties the right to open or operate, businesses that 
offer products and services similar to the Franchised Business under marks other than the 
Proprietary Marks at any location; (iii)  merge with, acquire, or be acquired by, including 
through purchase or sale of substantially all assets, any other person or entity, including 
any competitor of Franchisor or Franchisee, and continue to conduct and franchise others 
the right to conduct in any location any business engaged in by the merging, acquiring, 
acquired person or entity, including any business directly competitive with the Franchised 
Business and to identify such outlets or businesses as being related to or an affiliate of PDR 
or PDRI; and (v) use the Proprietary Marks and System, and license others to use the 
Proprietary Marks and System, to engage in any other activities not expressly prohibited 
under this Agreement within or outside the Protected Territory. 
 
ARTICLE 2 :  FRANCHISE FEE 
 
2.1  
Franchise Fee.  As consideration for the granting of the license to use the 
Marks and the Franchise System, Franchisee shall pay to PDRI a fee (the “Franchise Fee”) 
in the amount and manner provided in Item A of the Schedule of Additional Terms and 
