17 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Agreement 
maintain such computer system, including hardware and software components and 
electronic transmission capabilities (including internet connection), as part of the Common 
Software and as may be required to operate your business.  Franchisee shall transmit (or 
“up-load” or “auto-sync”) to PDRI data captured and maintained by the Common Software 
in the format, and using the protocols and frequency, designated by PDRI from time to time.  
PDRI requires that Franchisee use third party accounting, estimating and other systems 
which may be required by our customers and/or, at PDRI’s sole discretion, an innovative 
technology used in the industry for a market advantage, as part of the Common Software. 
Franchisee is responsible for costs of obtaining, installing and maintaining such systems, 
including all license fees associated with its possession, use or operation.  Franchisee 
acknowledges that the insurance restoration industry and technology are subject to change 
and therefore it may be desirable from time to time for PDRI to designate one or more 
commercially available software systems as the Common Software and Franchisee agrees 
to obtain, at Franchisee’s expense, the designated Common Software and such computer 
system as may be required to operate the Common Software.  Additional software (such as 
an operating system and an accounting program) will be required for the operation of the 
franchise and, in addition, some insurance companies may require a specific software 
system (as part of the Common Software) be used to generate and submit estimates.  All 
additional software is the responsibility of Franchisee.  In the event that PDRI elects to 
designate a required software program to aggregate financial data or for compliance 
purposes, Franchisee agrees to utilize the software designated by PDRI and to pay any 
fees or costs associated therewith. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that changes to 
technology are dynamic and not predictable within the Term. In order to provide for these 
unpredictable changes to technological needs and opportunities, Franchisee agrees that 
PDRI may establish system standards for the implementation of technology as part of the 
Common Software. Franchisee agrees to abide by and fully adopt and implement, at its 
expense, the system standards for the Common Software as established by PDRI from time 
to time. There is no contractual limit on this obligation. 
 
 
9.1.1 You agree that PDRI has the right to require you to update or upgrade 
computer hardware components, Software, and/or cloud-based subscriptions as PDRI 
deems necessary from time to time, with no limitations as to the number or cost of such 
updates or upgrades.  You must take all steps, including but not limited to those related to 
visibility and management of your Business network, that are necessary to ensure that your 
Business is compliant with all data privacy and security laws and Payment Card Industry 
Data Security Standards (PCI DSS) requirements, as such standards may be revised and 
modified by the PCI Security Standards Council (see pcisecuritystandards.org), or such 
successor organization or standards that we may reasonably specify.  You agree to use 
any computer network, intranet system, extranet system, email, and handheld devices 
required or authorized for use in connection with the Business in strict compliance with our 
standards, protocols, and restrictions that we include in the Operations Manual or in our 
other written policies, which include but are not limited to PDRI’’s privacy policies, 
encryption requirements, data and IT security policies - including the implementation of 
phishing and other security awareness programs and training, cyber incident notification 
requirements, and Artificial Intelligence policies.  You further agree not to violate our privacy 
policies or user terms on PDRI’s Website.   
 
9.1.2  Data Ownership, Use and Protection. 
 
 
 
(a) Ownership. Franchisee agrees and acknowledges that, with the exception of 
