34 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Agreement 
implement such changes and to update all written materials evidencing such changes. 
 
22.4 
Reformation of Provisions.  Any arbitration panel or court of law shall have 
the right to reform this article to make it reasonable and enforceable under applicable law.  
PDRI reserves the right to reduce the scope of Franchisee's obligations under the foregoing 
covenants without Franchisee's consent, effective immediately upon notice. 
 
ARTICLE 23:  DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
 
23.1 
Arbitration.  Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this 
Agreement or the operation or the actual or proposed acquisition or sale of the Franchised 
Business shall be settled by Paul Davis internal binding arbitration in accordance with the 
arbitration procedures as set forth in the Operations Manual.  Any arbitration governed by 
this Agreement shall not be given class status. The initiation or pendency of any arbitration 
proceeding involving the Franchisee shall have no effect on PDRI’s right to terminate this 
Agreement.  Franchisee acknowledges that notwithstanding any ambiguity as to the 
enforceability of this arbitration agreement contained in any State Addendum to this 
Agreement or in PDRI’s Franchise Disclosure Document, that it is the intent and agreement 
of the parties that this arbitration agreement shall be enforced to the maximum extent 
allowed by law and Franchisee waive any right to challenge this Arbitration procedure.  The 
obligation to arbitrate shall survive the termination, transfer, or non-renewal of this 
Agreement.  The obligation to arbitrate shall apply to any disputes involving Franchisee's 
Principal Owner, Franchise’s officers, directors, stockholders, members, partners, trustees, 
beneficiaries, principals and any person controlled by, controlling or under common control 
with Franchisee.  
 
23.2 
Costs and Attorneys' Fees.  Except as required by any indemnification 
obligations herein or for Franchisee’s material breach of this Agreement, in any dispute 
arising out of this Agreement each party shall be responsible for their own costs and 
expenses, including attorneys’ fees provided, however, that any party hereunder failing to 
comply with Section 23.1 above including, but not limited to, failing or refusing to arbitrate 
a dispute or to abide by the decision of the arbitration panel shall be liable to the other party 
for all costs and attorneys' fees incurred in enforcing the arbitration provisions 
 
 
23.3 
Bankruptcy Costs and Attorneys’ Fees.  In the event of a bankruptcy by the 
Franchisee, the Franchisee shall be liable to PDRI for all of PDRI’s costs and attorneys’ 
fees associated with the bankruptcy. 
 
 
23.4 
Federal Arbitration Act.  Any controversies or disputes concerning the 
enforceability or scope of this arbitration agreement shall be resolved pursuant to the 
Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. 1, et. seq. (the “FAA”), and Franchisee acknowledges that, 
notwithstanding any contrary language in PDRI’s Franchise Disclosure Document or in any 
State Addendum, the FAA preempts any state law restrictions on the enforcement of this 
arbitration agreement according to its terms. 
 
 
23.5 
NO 
CLASS 
OR 
CONSOLIDATED 
ACTIONS. 
 
ALL 
CLAIMS, 
CONTROVERSIES, AND DISPUTES MAY ONLY BE BROUGHT BY FRANCHISEE ON 
AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND MAY NOT BE CONSOLIDATED WITH ANY CLAIM, 
CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE FOR OR ON BEHALF OF ANY OTHER FRANCHISEE OR 
BE PURSUED AS PART OF A CLASS ACTION.  
