 
31 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Disclosure Document 
Email is how we communicate electronically.  All franchises must subscribe to Microsoft 
Office 365 through PDRI to receive an “@pauldavis.com” email address. PDRI will provide the 
online email and Microsoft Suite of applications to you. at market rates. 
 
Minimum computer requirements for software not specifically mentioned here should be 
acquired from the software vendor. PDRI recommends common best practices regarding the 
maintenance and support of your computer system. Best practices include establishing a 
relationship with a local computer technician to assist with computer problems. A backup and 
downtime plan should be established to protect your data, especially your QuickBooks financial 
data.  
 
The data generated and stored on your computer system includes customer lists, sales 
volumes, job estimates and reports and other general information.  PDRI does not have 
independent access to the information stored on your computer system. 
 
You are required to obtain, at your expense, the Common Software designated by PDRI. 
The estimated annual costs associated with the Common Software (RMS) will total approximately 
$7,500, which includes the cost of the program, implementation, training and support.  You will 
also be required to pay the other software fees itemized in Item 6 of this document, including 
Xactimate,tm or Symbility™ estimating software.    Although these are the most commonly used 
third party estimating systems for estimating property claims, some customers may require you to 
use a different estimating system at your expense.  PDRI has elected to designate a required 
software program to aggregate financial data to help you benchmark your financial data to other 
similarly situated franchisees. You must utilize the software designated by PDRI, currently Qvinci. 
Currently, PDRI pays for the cost of the software, but you may be required to pay any required 
fees or costs in the future. 
 
PDRI will provide to you additional equipment specifications upon request.  In many 
situations, you will need to exceed the specifications listed.  PDRI estimates that the initial cost to 
purchase or lease such computer and other electronic equipment ranges between $13,000 and 
$25,000.  Work with your selected vendor to create a computer system that provides you with 
solutions to your current needs and meets your planned growth.   
 
ADVERTISING 
 
 
PDRI provides creative for advertising, promotional items, collateral and marketing 
support and coaching for you and your sales and marketing team. You will have access to a CRM 
marketing portal paid for by the Strategic Marketing Fund, where you will be able to manage your 
customer and client contacts, customize and send e-mail campaigns, customize and print marketing 
material, create optimized sales routes, log notes and set reminders from sales calls and 
communicate targeted local marketing campaigns. You may also develop advertising and 
promotional materials for your own use, at your own cost.  PDRI or its designated representative 
must approve your advertising materials in advance and in writing.  Such approval shall not be 
unreasonably withheld.  PDRI does not require that you participate in any advertising program 
other than the Strategic Marketing Plan described below. 
 
