9 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Agreement 
 
3.16 
Program Management Fee.  PDRI may from time to time establish referral 
programs with insurance companies or other referral sources, which require estimate and 
invoicing standards (a “Program Account”). PDRI may at its discretion, operate or outsource 
to a Claims Force, our Quality Assurance Team, the review of Program Account job 
estimates and invoices to program Service Level Agreement compliance. PDRI may charge 
Franchisee a Program Account Fee on a per job basis, equal the actual cost of maintaining 
the Claims Force Team plus an administrative charge of up to 20% for PDRI to administer 
such program. Program Account fees are payable at the time and in the manner prescribed 
by PDRI. In collaboration with the NEC, PDRI will review the needs, cost and efficiency of 
the Claims Force Team annually, and may adjust the per job fee.  
 
3.17 
Dishonored Check and EFT Denial Fee.  Franchisee shall pay a fee of $100 
to PDRI within thirty days for any dishonored checks and denied electronic funds 
withdrawals.  
 
3.18 
Right of Offset.  Without limiting or waiving any other rights that PDRI has 
under this Agreement or applicable law, PDRI has and hereby reserves the right to set off 
against and withhold from any amounts due or owing to Franchisee, including but not limited 
to any CSI deposit balance or program payments PDRI receives for and on behalf of 
Franchisee, any and all past due fees or other amounts owed to PDRI from Franchisee. 
 
ARTICLE 4:  TERRITORY 
 
4.1 
Territory Defined.  The territory for which this Franchise is granted (the 
“Franchise Territory”) shall be the geographic area described on Exhibit A, attached hereto 
and incorporated herein. Franchisee agrees to locate the franchise office within the 
Franchise Territory.  Franchisee shall not locate any additional offices outside the Franchise 
Territory without the prior written permission of PDRI and Franchisee acknowledges that 
such permission shall not entitle Franchisee to any franchise rights in such other locations.  
The Franchise Territory is described on Exhibit A using zip code boundaries.  In the event 
these boundaries are modified by applicable authority or for technological changes required 
to dispatch losses and service Paul Davis customers, PDRI shall have the authority to re-
describe the Franchise Territory using such modified boundaries and maintaining as closely 
as possible the original geographic size and shape of the Franchise Territory but giving due 
consideration to any adjoining franchise territories. Franchisee agrees to incorporate any 
updated map into their then-current Franchise Agreement by Addendum. Such change may 
affect Franchisee’s Minimum Royalty obligations as described herein. 
 
4.2 
Population.  The parties acknowledge that the Franchise Territory currently 
has a population as set forth in Exhibit B on the Schedule of Additional Terms and 
Conditions. 
 
4.3 
Right to Reassign Certain Work.   Franchisee agrees that if Franchisee does 
not participate in Regional, National or Optional Program Account work, refuses Regional, 
National or Optional Program Account work, or does not qualify for any such Regional, 
National or Optional Program Account, then PDRI may re-assign such work to another 
Franchisee who qualifies for such work, regardless of whether this work is performed in the 
Franchise Territory.   
 
