 
 
PAUL DAVIS RESTORATION, INC. 
SOUTH DAKOTA ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
 
Neither Paul Davis Restoration Inc. its Parent Corporation, its Predecessor nor any 
person identified in Item 2 has any material arbitration proceeding pending, or has during 
the 10-year period immediately preceding the date of this Disclosure Document been a 
party to concluded material arbitration proceedings. 
 
 
Although the Franchise Agreement requires all arbitration proceedings to be held 
where the American Arbitration Association designates, the site of any arbitration started 
pursuant to the Franchise Agreement will be at a site mutually agreed upon by you and 
us. 
 
 
We may not terminate the Franchise Agreement for a breach, for failure to meet 
performance and quality standards and/or for failure to make royalty payments unless 
you receive thirty (30) days prior written notice from us and you are provided with an 
opportunity to cure the defaults. Covenants not to compete upon termination or expiration 
of the Franchise Agreement are generally unenforceable in the State of South Dakota. 
 
 
The laws of the State of South Dakota will govern matters pertaining to franchise 
registration, employment, covenants not to compete, and other matters of local concern; 
but as to contractual and all other matters, the Franchise Agreement will be subject to the 
applications, construction, enforcement and interpretation under the governing law of 
Florida. 
 
 
Any provision in the Franchise Agreement restricting jurisdiction or venue to a 
forum outside of the State of South Dakota or requiring the application of the laws of 
another state is void with respect to a claim otherwise enforceable under the South 
Dakota Franchise Act. 
 
 
Any provision that provides that the parties waive their right to claim punitive, 
exemplary, incidental, indirect, special or consequential damages may not be enforceable 
under South Dakota law. 
 
 
PAUL DAVIS RESTORATION, INC.  
 
FRANCHISEE 
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
  
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name:  
 
 
 
 
 
Name:  
 
 
 
 
 
Title:  
 
 
 
 
 
Title:  
 
 
 
 
 
Date Signed:  
 
 
 
 
Date Signed:  
 
 
 
