 
21 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
PDRI has negotiated national accounts with several suppliers of materials that you may use 
in the course of your business.  None of PDRI’s officers own an interest in any of these suppliers.  
Current agreements with suppliers provide discounts and rebates on various materials which you 
and your subcontractors may use. In 2024, rebates were paid to Paul Davis franchisees by Sherwin 
Williams in the amount of $75,034; and Lowes in the amount of $427,428; and Aramsco in the 
amount of $169,029; and Jon Don in the amount of $106,642; and Home Depot in the amount of 
$66,685.  Your use of these supplies from these suppliers is voluntary.  PDRI also receives  rebates 
from some vendors which are calculated on a percentage of total purchase and range from 0.5% to 
5% of franchisee purchases. 
 
As of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, PDRI derived $5,827,294 or 9.33% of its 
total revenue of $62,442,294 from franchisee required purchases and leases. 
 
 
Although PDRI negotiates national accounts with several suppliers, PDRI does not itself 
provide any material benefits to you based on your use of those accounts, but franchisees may also 
receive rebates under these programs.  The benefit to you is derived from the discount offered by 
the supplier, not PDRI. 
 
Because the use of a supplier is voluntary, PDRI does not have a procedure in place for 
supplier approval or disapproval.  As such, there is no set time period for when you would receive 
notification of approval or disapproval. 
 
PDRI reserves the right to require that you take all steps, including but not limited to those 
related to visibility and management of your business, that are necessary to ensure that your 
business is compliant with all data privacy and security laws and Payment Card Industry Data 
Security Standards (PCI DSS) requirements, as such standards may be revised and modified by 
the PCI Security Standards Council (see pcisecuritystandards.org), or such successor organization 
or standards that we may reasonably specify.  PDRI’s standards and specifications are described 
in the Franchise Agreement, the Operations Manual, and other written documents.  PDRI has the 
right, under the Franchise Agreement, to change the standards and specifications applicable to 
operation of the franchise, including standards and specifications for approved services and 
products, equipment, signs, furnishings, supplies, fixtures, inventory, computer systems 
(hardware, software, applications, data network and internet connection minimum bandwidth 
capacities), privacy policies, encryption requirements, data and IT security policies - including 
implementation of phishing and other security awareness programs and training, cyber incident 
notification requirements, and Artificial Intelligence policies by written notice to you or through 
changes in the Operations Manual or other policies and procedures that PDRI may issue from time-
to-time.  You may incur an increased cost to comply with these changes at your own expense.   
 
You must procure and maintain insurance policies meeting PDRI’s minimum coverage 
requirements. We currently require the following insurance policies: 
 
(a) 
Worker’s Compensation Insurance coverage for the Owner and Franchisee’s 
employees notwithstanding the statutory requirements of the state in which Franchisee operates. 
 
