 
25 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Disclosure Document 
ITEM 11:  FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS 
AND TRAINING 
 
 
Except as listed below, PDRI is not required to provide you with any assistance. 
 
Pre-Opening Assistance 
 
Before you open your business, PDRI will: 
 
A. 
Designate your franchise territory (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.1); 
 
B. 
Provide you with access to the Common Software (Franchise Agreement, Section 9.1); 
 
C. 
Provide you with a Paul Davis Restoration® initial printing, sales and marketing supplies 
package (Franchise Agreement, Section 9.2) [not applicable to a resale or renewal of an existing 
franchise]; 
 
D. 
Assign you to a District Council in your area of the U.S. (Franchise Agreement, Sections 
10.1 and 10.2); 
 
F. 
Establish a franchise specific web site with a unique URL for your use.  The Strategic 
Marketing Fund will be responsible for the on-going monthly web site hosting fees which are 
currently $30 - $60 per month (Franchise Agreement Section 11.); and 
 
G. 
Provide your designated representative with access to the online training and the classroom 
training described below. 
 
H. 
Provide you with an iPad to begin your on-line training and for use at owner’s school. You 
will also be provided a disto meter.  
 
I. 
Provide you with training on the Paul Davis Learning Management System (Paul Davis 
University). You will be asked to complete training on the PD Way and Personal Protective 
Equipment prior to opening. Additional training requirements may be assigned by PDRI. 
 
The typical length of time between the earlier of signing the Franchise Agreement or 
paying the initial franchise fee and the opening of a start-up PDRI franchise is less than 4 months.  
The principal time constraints will be your ability to complete the online training and attend the 
next available training class, and your ability to obtain a contractor’s license in the state where you 
will do business.  You are solely responsible for obtaining the insurance, licenses and permits 
required to operate the business in your territory and ensuring your compliance with all applicable 
laws and regulations. You are required to be ready to operate your franchise within eight (8) weeks 
after you finish your classroom training program (Franchise Agreement, Sections 6.1 and 17.2(c)). 
PDRI may extend your opening at its discretion should there be unforeseen delays. 
 
Post-Opening Assistance 
 
