FS Brands, Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 
(expressed in US dollars) 
(14)
In all years presented, the fair values of non-controlling interests for all acquisitions were determined using an 
income approach with reference to a discounted cash flow model using the same assumptions implied in 
determining the purchase consideration. 
The purchase price allocations for certain transactions completed in the last twelve months are not yet 
complete, pending final determination of the fair value of assets acquired, the corresponding deferred tax 
liabilities, and final working capital adjustments. The acquisitions referred to above were accounted for by the 
purchase method of accounting for business combinations. Accordingly, the accompanying consolidated 
statements of income and comprehensive income do not include any revenues or expenses related to these 
acquisitions prior to their respective closing dates. There have been changes to the estimated purchase price 
allocations determined at the time of acquisition during the year ended December 31, 2023, and included as 
adjustments to goodwill (see note 8). 
The determination of fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations required 
the use of estimates and judgement by management, particularly in determining fair values of intangible assets 
acquired. Intangible assets acquired at fair value on the date of acquisition are recorded using the income 
approach on an individual asset basis. The assumptions used in estimating the fair values of intangible assets 
include future EBITDA margins, revenue growth rates, expected attrition rates of acquired customer 
relationships and the discount rates. 
The Company typically structures its business acquisitions to include contingent consideration. Vendors, at the 
time of acquisition, are entitled to receive a contingent consideration payment if the acquired businesses 
achieve specified earnings levels during the one- to two-year periods following the dates of acquisition.  The 
ultimate amount of payment is determined based on a formula, the key inputs to which are (i) a contractually 
agreed maximum payment; (ii) a contractually specified earnings level; and (iii) the actual earnings for the 
contingency period. If the acquired business does not achieve the specified earnings level, the maximum 
payment is reduced for any shortfall, potentially to $nil. 
The fair value of the contingent consideration liability recorded on the consolidated balance sheets as at 
December 31, 2023 was $5,819,812 (see note 14). The estimated range of outcomes (undiscounted) for these 
contingent consideration arrangements is determined based on the formula price and the likelihood of 
achieving specified earnings levels over the contingency period, and ranges from $5,819,812 to a maximum of 
$6,488,064. These contingencies will expire during the period extending to September 2025. During the year 
ended December 31, 2023, $nil was paid with reference to such contingent consideration (2022 – $407,356). 
17
Impact of recently issued accounting standards 
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09 – Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures. This ASU 
requires significant additional disclosures about income taxes, primarily focused on the disclosure of income 
taxes paid and the rate reconciliation table. The guidance will be applied prospectively and is effective 
January 1, 2025. The Company is currently assessing the impact of this ASU on its financial disclosures. 
