23 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Agreement 
Claims unless resulting directly from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of PDRI.  
PDRI shall notify Franchisee of any Claim, and Franchisee may assume the defense of the 
matter.  If Franchisee fails to assume the defense in a timely manner or otherwise resolve 
the claim to the satisfaction of PDRI, or if an actual or potential conflict of interest exists or 
arises for any counsel selected by Franchisee to represent PDRI, PDRI may resolve the 
claim and/or defend the action in the manner it deems appropriate.  Franchisee shall pay to 
PDRI all costs, including attorney’s fees, incurred by PDRI in defending any Claim, in 
addition to any loss which PDRI may pay by reason of any payment, settlement or judgment 
against PDRI. Failure by Franchisee to indemnify, defend or resolve claims under this 
section is a material breach of this Agreement under section 17.1 and may be cause for 
default up to an including termination. 
 
PDRI’s right to indemnity under this Agreement shall arise notwithstanding that joint 
or concurrent liability may be imposed on PDRI by statute, ordinance, regulation or other 
law.  This Article 13 shall survive the termination, transfer or non-renewal of this Agreement.   
 
 
13.2 
Insurer and Program Indemnification.  As a requirement for Franchisee’s 
participation in certain claim referral programs, PDRI is required to indemnify the insurance 
company, commercial customer, or Third Party Administrator making the referral from any 
claims arising from Franchisee’s servicing of the claim.  The cost of insurance policies 
insuring these obligations are currently reimbursed by CSI. PDRI, at its sole discretion may 
require additional coverage through CSI to cover workmanship or other franchisee risks 
related to the operation of the business.  If CSI discontinues reimbursement of the cost of 
the insurance policy, then PDRI may, at its option, discontinue the indemnification of the 
insurance company or condition participation in the programs on Franchisee individually 
reimbursing PDRI for their pro rata share of the cost of the insurance policy insuring the 
indemnification.  Nothing in this section 13.2 shall alter the obligations contained in section 
13.1 above.          
 
ARTICLE 14:  TAXES; LICENSING 
 
14.1 
Taxes.  Franchisee agrees that it will promptly pay any and all income taxes, 
personal property taxes, real property taxes, or other taxes of any nature that may be 
imposed, levied or assessed against Franchisee by any federal, state, county or municipal 
government. 
 
14.2 
Licensing.  Franchisee agrees to obtain any general contracting and other 
licenses required by the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which Franchisee operates the 
Franchised Business and to promptly pay any licensing fees that may be required from time 
to time under local or state law to operate the Franchised Business in the Franchise 
Territory.  Franchisee hereby represents that Franchisee has investigated the licensing 
requirements of the jurisdiction(s) in which Franchisee intends to do business prior to the 
execution of this Agreement. 
 
ARTICLE 15:  EMPLOYEES OF FRANCHISEE 
 
15.1 
Franchise Staffing.  Franchisee shall at all times employ a full-time General 
Manager, with training or experience equivalent (determined in PDRI’s sole judgment) to 
the new owner training program. The General Manager may be a franchise employee and 
not a Principal Owner, if approved by PDRI and upon completion of Exhibit D attached to 
