 
 
PAUL DAVIS RESTORATION, INC. 
MINNESOTA ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
ALL FRANCHISE AGREEMENTS EXECUTED IN AND OPERATIVE WITHIN THE 
STATE OF MINNESOTA ARE HEREBY AMENDED AS FOLLOWS: 
 
1. Any reference to liquidated damages or termination penalties contained in this 
Franchise Agreement, shall be deleted and replaced with the words “actual damages”. 
 
2. Notwithstanding anything contained in the Franchise Agreement to the contrary, the 
Franchisor shall protect the Franchisee’s right to use the trademarks, service marks, trade 
names, logotypes, symbols, and other commercial symbols belonging to the Franchisor 
and which the Franchisee has been permitted to use under the Franchise Agreement. 
 
3. With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota law, the franchisor will comply with 
Minn. Stat. Sec. 80c. 14, Subds. 3, 4 and 5 which require, except in certain specified 
cases, that a franchisee be given 90 days notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) and 
180 days notice for non-renewal of the Franchise Agreement. 
 
4. Any reference contained in the Franchise Agreement to the effect that the Franchisor 
“is entitled” to injunctive relief, or any imputation that the Franchisee can waive any rights 
under any law shall, in any Franchise Agreement entered into in the State of Minnesota 
be deleted and replaced with the words, “may seek”. 
 
5. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Franchise Agreement, pursuant to Minn. 
Stat. Sec. 80C.21 and Minn. Rule Part 2860.4400J, the Franchisor is prohibited from 
requiring litigation to be conducted outside Minnesota. In addition, nothing in the offering 
circular or agreement can abrogate or reduce any of your rights as provided for in 
Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C, or your rights to any procedure, forum, or remedies 
provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction. 
 
6. With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota law, Franchisor will comply with 
Minn. Rule 2860.4400D which prohibits a franchisor from requiring a franchisee to assent 
to a general release as a requirement to renew or extend. 
The undersigned agree and acknowledge that this addendum is hereby made part of 
and incorporated into the foregoing Franchise Agreement. 
 
PAUL DAVIS RESTORATION, INC.  
 
FRANCHISEE 
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
  
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name:  
 
 
 
 
 
Name:  
 
 
 
 
 
Title:  
 
 
 
 
 
Title:  
 
 
 
 
