 
30 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Disclosure Document 
Various members of the PDRI Operations, Technology, Claims Force (Quality Assurance) 
and Marketing Teams also contribute to the training. 
 
 
Once your franchise has reached $1,000,000 in cumulative annual Gross Sales in any one 
calendar year or at the request of Franchise Launch or your Regional Business Coach, you may be 
required to attend additional training in Jacksonville, Florida at the then prevailing rate. 
 
Although PDRI does not currently require recertification training, PDRI reserves the right 
to implement such a program upon 60 days’ notice.  If PDRI implements such a program, you 
agree to attend a 3-5 day recertification training program at PDRI’s place of business in 
Jacksonville, Florida at least once every 3 years and to pay PDRI’s recertification training fees as 
determined by PDRI, but not to exceed the daily training fee then charged to start up franchisees 
who are acquiring a franchise at the time of your training. 
 
COMPUTER REQUIREMENTS 
 
In addition to the iPad and Disto meter PDRI will provide you prior to training, you must 
purchase or lease computer hardware for your office sufficient to operate the applications required 
to perform work as a Paul Davis franchise. Software applications required to perform work 
include, but not limited to, QuickBooks Online, RMS, Xactimatetm, Xactanalysis, Symbility, 
Mitigate by Corelogic, Symbility, Luxor, Qvinci, Matterport, MS Defender and MS Office 365. 
Whichever computer system you acquire, the operating system must be of the type that is still 
supported by the vendor and not on their end-of-life list. Check with the computer manufacturer 
for confirmation. 
 
RMS is our job management and Common Software, which is completely web based. 
Therefore, any Windows or Mac based computer, supported by Microsoft or Apple, with internet 
access is appropriate. The Common Software also includes a mobile application. A smart phone 
such as iPhone or Android is required at your expense.  
 
Xactimatetm and Symbility are third party estimating software applications. Both are 
available as web based applications which may be appropriate for your business. If you decide on 
the desktop version of the software instead, then consult with the vendor for minimum computer 
requirements.  
 
Mitigate by Corelogic is a third party dry tracking software application. The software is 
available for both Windows and iPad devices. The vendor’s website should be referenced for the 
latest minimum requirements.  
 
QuickBooks Online is our web based accounting software. The number of people requiring 
access to QuickBooks will determine the version most appropriate for your office. Qvinci is our 
financial reporting software that integrates with Quickbooks where an active connection is 
required between the two programs.  
 
