© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Confidentiality and Restrictive Covenant Agreement 
 
 
 
  EXHIBIT D 
 
Confidentiality and Restrictive Covenant Agreement 
(for managers, key employees, and principals of Franchisee, and any members of their 
immediate families with access to Franchisor’s Trade Secrets) 
 
In consideration of my being a                                        of _____________ (“Franchisee”), 
and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is acknowledged, 
I hereby acknowledge and agree that Franchisee has acquired the right from Paul Davis 
Restoration, Inc. (the “Franchisor”) to establish and operate a Paul Davis Restoration® franchise 
(the “Franchised Business”) and the right to use in the operation of the Franchised Business the 
Franchisor’s trade names, trademarks and service marks (the “Marks”) and the Franchisor’s 
unique and distinctive format and system relating to the establishment and operation of a 
Franchised Business (the “Franchise System”), as they may be changed, improved and further 
developed from time to time in the Franchisor’s sole discretion, only at the following authorized 
and approved location:                                                                                 (the “Approved 
Location”).   
 
1. 
Franchisor possesses certain proprietary and confidential information relating to 
the operation of the Franchise System, consisting of customer lists; contract forms; appraisal 
techniques; ideas and data contained in the PDRI’s operations manual (the “Operations Manual”); 
knowledge of sales and profit performance of PDRI’s other franchisees; sources of construction 
suppliers; methods of selecting subcontractors and other methods, techniques, know-how, 
formulas and data, now existing or hereinafter developed or acquired relating to the operation and 
franchising of a Paul Davis Restoration franchise, but not including information or techniques in 
the public domain and generally known and used by general contractors and cleaning service 
suppliers other than through disclosure by Franchisee.  All of the foregoing is hereinafter referred 
to as the “Trade Secrets.” 
 
2. 
Any and all information, knowledge, know-how, and techniques which the 
Franchisor specifically designates as confidential shall be deemed to be Trade Secrets for 
purposes of this Confidentiality and Restrictive Covenant Agreement (the “Agreement”). 
   
3. 
As a                                      of the Franchisee, Franchisor and Franchisee will 
disclose the Trade Secrets to me in furnishing to me the training program and subsequent ongoing 
training, the Operations Manual and other general assistance during the term of Franchisee’s 
Franchise Agreement (the “Franchise Agreement”).   
 
4. 
I will not acquire any interest in the Trade Secrets, other than the right to utilize 
them in the operation of the Franchised Business during the term hereof, and the use or 
duplication of the Trade Secrets for any use outside the System would constitute an unfair method 
of competition.   
 
5. 
The Trade Secrets are proprietary, are confidential information, and are disclosed 
to me solely on the condition that I agree, and I do hereby agree, that I shall hold in strict 
confidence all Trade Secrets and all other information designated by Franchisor as confidential.  
Unless Franchisor otherwise agrees in writing, I will disclose and/or use the Trade Secrets only 
in connection with my duties as                                           of Franchisee, and will continue not to 
disclose any such information even after I cease to be in that position and will not use any such 
