20 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Agreement 
renewal, PDRI shall supply an initial printing and sales and marketing supplies package to 
Franchisee, to be delivered to Franchisee during the classroom training program attended 
by Franchisee or after receipt of required information from Franchisee.  Franchisee shall 
thereafter use only such sales and marketing materials as shall be approved by PDRI.   
 
9.3 
Subsequent Printing Supplies.  Franchisee shall purchase printing supplies 
only from suppliers approved by PDRI.   
 
ARTICLE 10:  COUNCILS 
 
10.1 
Establishment of Councils.  Booklet Two of the Operations Manual, entitled 
“Plan of Operation for the Paul Davis Council” (the “Plan of Operation”) describes the 
internal governing body for the franchisees: the General Council, comprised of all operating 
PDRI franchisees; the District Councils for each operating district, comprised of one 
representative of each PDRI franchise in a defined geographic area designated by PDRI, 
which serve as the decision making bodies for the PDRI franchisees; and the National 
Executive Committee, comprised of one (1) franchisee from each District Council and a 
PDRI representative.  The Plan of Operation establishes rules and regulations for the 
governance and operation of the General Council, the District Councils and the National 
Executive Committee.  Such rules and regulations include procedures for consideration and 
approval of recommendations that may be submitted by District Councils, PDRI or any 
franchisee for new programs, for amendments to the Operations Manual (including 
amendments to the Plan of Operation) and for any other change in the operations of the 
franchises.  Franchisee agrees to be bound by and comply with any and all such new 
programs, amendments to the Operations Manual and other changes in the operations of 
the franchises as may be approved from time to time in accordance with the Plan of 
Operation. 
 
10.2 
Designated District.  PDRI shall assign Franchisee to a District Council 
designated by PDRI which encompasses the Franchise Territory. 
 
ARTICLE 11:  ADVERTISING 
 
 
11.1 
Franchisee's Right to Advertise.  PDRI grants to Franchisee the right to 
establish, create, and undertake promotional and advertising programs at Franchisee's own 
cost and expense, with the prior written approval of PDRI.  To the extent such promotional 
and advertising programs do not violate the Agreement and/or the Operations Manual, such 
approval by the PDRI shall not be unreasonably withheld. 
 
11.2 
Franchisee Web Site.  PDRI shall establish a franchise specific web site 
(“Franchise Web Site”) and with a unique Universal Resource Locator or URL (“URL”, 
defined as a unique set of characters that when entered into a commercially available and 
readily accessible device for resolving IP addresses that the only possible resolution is an 
http page that is clearly specific to a unique franchise referenced in this Agreement) domain 
name for Franchisee’s use during the term of this Agreement and Franchisee shall not 
establish or maintain any other web site or URL related to the Franchised Business without 
PDRI’s prior written consent.  Franchisee shall be responsible to maintain and update the 
Franchise Web Site content and for all fees required by third party web site companies to 
host and maintain the Franchise Web Site.  PDRI reserves the right, at any time and at its 
sole discretion, to modify or delete any Franchise Web Site content, to modify the 
