 
 
 
PAUL DAVIS RESTORATION, INC. 
7251 Salisbury Road, Suite 6 
 Jacksonville, FL 32256 
Telephone (904) 737-2779 
 
FRANCHISE RESALES – INFORMATION FOR PURCHASERS 
 
 
Paul Davis Restoration, Inc., (“PDRI” or the “Franchisor”) has prepared this 
document for individuals considering purchasing an existing Paul Davis Restoration 
(“PDR”) franchise.  In this document the acquisition of an existing franchise from the 
franchisee owner (the “Seller”) is referred to as a “resale.”  The purposes of this document 
are to explain the role of PDRI in a resale transaction and to inform you (the “Purchaser”) 
of the steps necessary to obtain PDRI’s consent to the transfer of the franchise rights 
from the Seller to you.  If you have any additional questions about the franchise resale 
process, please contact our General Counsel, Laura L. Ferrante, at 904-737-2779, 
extension 219, or lferrante@pauldavis.com.    
 
In a resale, the Purchaser buys the franchise rights for an existing franchise directly 
from the Seller and not from PDRI.  The purchase of a franchise may take one of two 
forms.  In an “asset purchase” the Purchaser acquires the franchise rights and may also 
acquire a variety of other assets, such as equipment, vehicles, inventory, work-in-
progress, receivables, goodwill, and leasehold interests, from the Seller’s company but 
does not acquire ownership of the Seller’s company.  In a “stock transfer” the Purchaser 
acquires the stock or other ownership interests in the Seller’s company, which in turn 
owns the franchise rights and other assets.  You should consult with your attorney about 
which form of transaction would serve you best.  However, one issue you may wish to 
consider is that some insurers and other sources of business such as Third Party 
Administrators may be reluctant to do business with a brand new company and therefore 
a “stock transfer” purchase of an on-going company may be advantageous.    
 
You and the Seller must negotiate a franchise purchase and sale agreement that 
specifies the assets being sold, the price, terms of sale, and other matters concerning the 
resale.  The purchase of an existing franchise, like the purchase of any business, is a 
complex transaction.  PDRI encourages you to consult with your attorney and other 
professional business advisors as you investigate this opportunity.  It is the responsibility 
of you and your advisors to perform your due diligence in investigating the business you 
are buying and to negotiate the price and terms of sale.  You should require that the Seller 
provide you with the information you need to conduct your due diligence.  During this 
process you will be in contact with the Seller or the Seller’s representatives, such as the 
Seller’s broker, attorney or other agents.  You should be aware that the Seller and the 
Seller’s representatives do not represent PDRI and cannot make any representations or 
commitments on behalf of PDRI.   
 
 
All Purchasers are required to complete the PDRI training program for new owners.  
The new owner training program consists of four weeks of new owner school conducted 
at PDRI’s training facility in Jacksonville, Florida, and one week of new owner field training 
conducted at the franchise location.  The cost of the new owner training program is 
$22,000 per person.  The training fee must be paid to PDRI at the earlier of (i) the closing 
of the purchase transaction, or (ii) seven days prior to the first day of new owner school.  
