3 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Agreement 
 
1.4 
 
Regional and National Programs. Franchisee acknowledges that 
PDRI and/or affiliates of PDRI have the sole authority to enter into regional or national 
account relationships and/or contracts, for and on behalf of the Franchise System, with 
insurance companies, third party administrators, commercial clients and property managers 
(“Program Accounts”), under which PDRI may assign jobs to franchisees. The signing of a 
Regional or National account by franchisee or the administration of such regional or national 
account, referral of business to Network Franchisees for a fee, without the express written 
consent of PDRI, will be considered a material breach of this Franchise Agreement. For the 
purpose of clarity, Franchisee is not authorized to charge fees or any royalty for any 
business referred under a regional or national account, unless otherwise authorized by a 
Mandatory Operating Requirement or otherwise with permission by PDRI. Franchisee shall 
be liable for all claims, demands, losses, obligations, liens, costs, expenses, liabilities, debts 
or damages to or by third parties arising out of or in connection with such account as more 
fully described in Article 13 of this Agreement. Franchisee must adhere to the Program 
requirements of the regional or national account including service levels, compliance and 
other contractual requirements when receiving losses under a Regional or National 
Program. Regional and National Programs that are also Optional Programs with additional 
requirements, terms, conditions, training and fees, under section 1.5 below, must be agreed 
to by Franchisee executing an Attestation indicating the desire to participate in such 
Program and agreeing to the terms of such Program. Notwithstanding the above, 
Franchisee agrees, as part of participation in any Program, to adhere to all Program 
requirements including those Programs that require centralized payment through PDRI. 
PDRI agrees to collect and disburse all program Funds to which franchisee is entitled, within 
30 business days of collection.       
 
1.5 
Optional Programs.  PDRI and/or affiliates of PDRI may from time to time 
establish and offer to Franchisee additional customer lead source programs, that require 
specific account management services by PDRI and/or its affiliates including for carriers, 
TPAs, homeowners and commercial clients related to PDRI’s Business. “Optional 
Programs” are defined as directly managed programs by PDRI (such as programs formally 
managed by Third Party Administrators that charged fees to franchisees) or changes in 
current programs requiring additional managed services by PDRI to service or maintain the 
account, such as program support in providing compliance, customer service, or a 
dedicated team required at PDRI and/or through a third party or onsite with a carrier. 
Franchisee may elect to participate in such Optional Programs subject to the requirements, 
terms, and conditions established from time to time by PDRI for such Optional Programs, 
which may include additional training requirements and additional fees. Franchisees 
electing to opt into an Optional Program offered by PDRI shall agree to the terms and 
conditions of such Optional Program by executing a written Attestation or Addendum to the 
Franchise Agreement. Optional Program Fees, including, but not limited to, fees for quality 
assurance review are not a royalty, but are administrative fees payable to PDRI in 
consideration for PDRI’s expenses and support for each applicable Optional Program. PDRI 
reserves the right to change the fee charged on any Optional Program from time to time 
after providing Franchisee with written notice of any Optional Program fee change. All 
Optional Programs are developed and offered at the sole discretion of PDRI, in collaboration 
with the NEC, and may be terminated by PDRI at any time upon written notice to 
Franchisee. Any fees owed by Franchisee for participation in any Optional Program that are 
past due may result in PDRI terminating Franchisee’s participation in the Optional Program 
until payment of all fees is made. The Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that electing 
to participate in the Optional Programs may subject them to additional terms and conditions, 
