12 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Agreement 
Agreement with Paul Davis Restoration, Inc.”  The Franchised Business shall be operated 
under Franchisee’s corporate form and under the full fictitious name set forth in the 
preamble to this Agreement or such other fictitious name as PDRI may approve in writing.  
Franchisee shall register or file such fictitious name as required by local law. The 
Franchisee shall comply with all relevant laws and regulations applicable to its corporation. 
This includes, but is not limited to, maintaining the corporation in a good standing, filing 
appropriate documentation with the government authority, and obtaining appropriate 
permits.   Violation of this section will be considered a material breach of this Agreement 
and may be subject to termination.   
 
6.4 
Services Offered and Special Requirements.  During the term of this 
Agreement, Franchisee agrees to offer to customers within the Franchise Territory property 
restoration construction, loss mitigation, emergency services, drying, cleaning services and 
catastrophe response for residential and commercial properties, as appropriate to service 
Paul Davis clients and customers. For losses in excess of $500,000 (hereinafter “Complex 
Loss”), Franchisee agrees to adhere to additional PDRI requirements and be PDRI qualified 
before accepting such losses including, but not limited to, completing PDRI training and 
certification, and by meeting all other requirements under this Agreement. At PDRI’s 
request, Franchisee must provide evidence of bondablility prior to contracting for such 
losses. PDRI in its sole discretion may require that Franchisee obtain a bond on a Complex 
Loss before proceeding with the work. In the event that Franchisee contracts to perform a 
Complex Loss and cannot obtain a bond, PDRI reserves the right to obtain a bond for the 
project at Franchisee’s expense. Claims paid out against a PDRI bond will be the 
responsibility of the Franchisee. Franchisee can comply with this section by subcontracting 
such loss to a Franchisee that is bondable. Franchisee must comply with all licensing and 
other requirements as set forth in Section 6.8 herein.  Franchisee shall not engage in any 
other business which is not directly related to this Agreement. 
 
6.5 
Compliance with Operations Manual.  Franchisee agrees to carry on, 
conduct and operate the Franchised Business on a full-time basis, in accordance with good 
business practice and in accordance with the standards and policies set forth in the 
Operations Manual.  Franchisee shall maintain such records and furnish such reports to 
PDRI as are set forth in the Operations Manual and shall acquire, retain and own, during 
the term of this Agreement, all assets determined by PDRI to be reasonably necessary for 
the operation of the Franchised Business and to conduct no business other than the 
Franchised Business from the Franchise office.   
 
 
6.6 
Name Change on Termination.  Upon termination or nonrenewal of this 
Agreement, Franchisee shall immediately cease to use, and shall take such steps as are 
necessary to notify the public and to withdraw from any public records, any and all use of 
the Marks, tradenames, logos, or corporate name (or portions thereof) of PDRI.  Franchisee 
hereby irrevocably appoints PDRI as Franchisee’s attorney-in-fact to execute in 
Franchisee’s name and on Franchisee’s behalf all documents necessary to comply with this 
Section and to otherwise discontinue Franchisee’s use of PDRI’s Marks, tradenames, logos 
or corporate name (or portions thereof).  Furthermore, Franchisee expressly acknowledges 
that PDRI shall be entitled to immediate injunctive relief in order to enforce the terms of this 
Section. 
 
 
 
 
 
