36 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Agreement 
ARTICLE 27:  VALIDITY 
 
27.1 
Effect of Invalidity of Clause.  Should one particular article or provision of this 
Agreement, or any word, phrase, sentence, clause or paragraph thereof be declared invalid 
or illegal by any arbitration panel or court such invalidity or illegality shall not affect the 
remainder of this Agreement which shall remain in full force and effect and shall be 
construed in all respects as if such invalid or illegal articles or provisions were omitted. 
 
ARTICLE 28:  WAIVER 
 
28.1 
Waiver of Breach.  A waiver or forbearance of any of the terms, covenants, 
or conditions of this Agreement shall not be deemed or considered as a waiver in the future 
of any new or continuing breach of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement. 
 
ARTICLE 29:  CONSTRUCTION 
 
29.1 
Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be deemed to have been written, 
approved and accepted at Jacksonville, Duval County, Florida, and the construction and 
interpretation of said Agreement, wherever executed and wherever to be performed, shall 
be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of Florida, excluding its conflict 
of laws principals.  In the event of any conflict between this Agreement and the Operations 
Manual, the provisions of this Agreement shall govern and supersede any contrary 
provisions contained in the Operations Manual.  
 
 
ARTICLE 30: GUARANTEE OF PRINCIPALS 
 
30.1 
Personal Guaranty. 
If Franchisee is a business entity, all shareholders, 
partners, and/or members/managers (as applicable) of Franchisee hereby personally and 
unconditionally guarantee without notice, demand or presentment, the payment of all of 
Franchisee’s monetary obligations under this Agreement and any other agreement between 
Franchisee and PDRI and/or PDRI’s affiliates, as if each were an original party to this or 
any other agreement in his or her individual capacity.  All such personal guarantors further 
agree to be bound by the restrictions upon Franchisee’s activities upon transfer, termination 
or expiration and nonrenewal of this Agreement as if each were an original party to this 
Agreement in his or her individual capacity.   
 
30.2 
Spousal Acknowledgement. If any Franchisee or Principal Owner is married 
or has a registered domestic partner as of the effective date of this Agreement, such 
Franchisee’s or Principal Owner’s spouse or registered domestic partner shall execute the 
spousal acknowledgment (the “Spousal Acknowledgement”) immediately following the 
signature page of this Agreement. 
 
ARTICLE 31:  NOTICE 
 
31.1 
Provision of Notice.  Any notices required to be given by this Agreement shall 
be directed to PDRI, Franchisee or any one of the Principal Owner(s) at their respective last 
known business address.  The notice must be delivered prepaid by one of the following 
methods: personal delivery; Federal Express® or other similar overnight delivery service; 
verified facsimile transmission; or United States express, certified, or registered mail, return 
