13 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Agreement 
6.7 
Reports; Inspections; Records. 
 
 
(a) 
Franchisee shall provide to PDRI on or before the fifth calendar day of each 
month a monthly statement of Gross Sales invoiced for the prior month, on the Gross Sales 
Report form and in the format designated by PDRI.  Franchisee shall also submit job specific 
information in the form, format and frequency designated by PDRI.  Franchisee shall submit 
quarterly and annual financial statement reports prepared in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles and in a format specified by PDRI and at PDRI’s request.  
Quarterly reports shall be provided to PDRI within thirty (30) days following the end of the 
quarter and are not required to be prepared by a certified public accountant.  Annual 
financial reports shall be provided to PDRI within ninety (90) days following the end of the 
fiscal year and are required to be compiled, but not audited, by a certified public accountant.  
Franchisee shall submit copies of all federal and state tax returns filed by Franchisee, and 
any job data or metrics specified by PDRI, upon PDRI’s request. 
 
 
(b) 
 Franchisee shall maintain adequate books and records for its operations 
and such records shall be stored at Franchisee's principal place of business.  Franchisee 
agrees to permit PDRI, through its authorized representatives and agents, to inspect 
Franchisee's records, premises and methods of operation from time to time during regular 
business hours in order to determine that Franchisee has complied with the sales reporting 
and other provisions of this Agreement.  These records shall include but not be limited to: 
job files; bank statements; check registers; canceled checks; federal and state tax returns 
of Franchisee and Principal Owners; financial statements; general ledgers; computer 
generated reports; and disbursement records including subcontractor files. Franchisee also 
agrees to provide PDRI with authorization to request a business credit report for Franchisee 
and agrees to fully cooperate with PDRI in connection with any of the activities described 
in this Section.  
 
 
(c) 
Franchisee agrees to pay for all expenses incurred in connection with such 
inspections, including air fare, transportation, meals, motels, miscellaneous expenses, and 
an hourly fee based on a prorated percentage of the inspector's salary or the independent 
auditor's actual fee.  Franchisee shall not, however, be obligated to pay expenses incurred 
in connection with more than two (2) inspections during any one year period.  Inspections 
shall be performed by the designated inspector of PDRI. 
 
(d) 
In consideration of payment of the fee set forth in Section 3.5, and until PDRI 
notifies Franchisee otherwise, Franchisee shall not be obligated to pay the inspection fees 
set forth in Subsection 6.7(c) for inspections described in Subsection 6.7(b) above.  PDRI’s 
representative (currently the assigned Regional Business Consultant) shall provide such 
consulting and technical assistance to the Franchisee as PDRI deems appropriate and 
reasonable.  PDRI’s representative shall have the right to review all books and records of 
Franchisee. 
 
 
(e) 
Franchisee agrees to allow PDRI or its designated representative to copy 
records and remove such copies from Franchisee's premises and to copy any electronic 
data via electronic or on-line access.  Franchisee shall cooperate in PDRI’s inspection and 
copying, including directing PDRI’s designated representative to the records, responding 
fully to all inquiries with respect the records, and allowing reasonable use of photocopiers 
and any equipment necessary to read or copy information on magnetic or similar media. 
 
