FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
PAUL DAVIS RESTORATION, INC. 
a Florida Corporation 
7251 Salisbury Road, Suite 6 
 Jacksonville, FL 32256  
U.S.A. 
Telephone: (904) 737-2779 
www.pauldavis.com 
Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. (“PDRI”) licenses franchise rights to use PDRI’s trade name, logo, 
Operations Manual, business systems and computer programs for the operation of a general 
contracting business specializing in structural reconstruction and emergency services, including 
drying, cleaning, loss mitigation and mold remediation, primarily in the insurance restoration 
market.  The basic reconstruction and emergency services provided under the name “Paul Davis 
Restoration®” are promoted to the insurance restoration markets and the general partner.   
The total investment necessary to begin operating of a PDRI franchise is $298,800 to $804,900. 
This includes $65,000 to $208,000, that must be paid to the franchisor or an affiliate prior to 
opening (based on the population of your territory).   
This disclosure document summarizes certain provisions of your franchise agreement and other 
information in plain English.  Read this disclosure document and all accompanying agreements 
carefully.  You must receive this disclosure document at least 14 calendar-days before you sign a 
binding agreement with, or make any payment to, the franchisor or an affiliate in connection with 
the proposed franchise sale.  Note, however, that no governmental agency has verified the 
information contained in this document. 
The terms of your contract will govern your franchise relationship.  Don’t rely on the disclosure 
document alone to understand your contract.  Read all of your contract carefully.  Show your 
contract and this disclosure document to an advisor, like a lawyer or an accountant. 
Buying a franchise is a complex investment.  The information in this disclosure document can help 
you make up your mind.  More information on franchising, such as “A Consumer’s Guide to 
Buying a Franchise,” which can help you understand how to use this disclosure document, is 
available from the Federal Trade Commission.  You can contact the FTC at 1-877-FTC-HELP or 
by writing to the FTC at 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, D.C.  20580.  You can also 
visit the FTC’s home page at www.ftc.gov for additional information.  Call your state agency or 
visit your public library for other sources of information on franchising. 
There may also be laws on franchising in your state.  Ask your state agencies about them. 
The Issue Date of this Disclosure Document is: March 25, 2025 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Disclosure Document 
