10 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Agreement 
4.4 
Limitation on Franchise Territory.  PDRI will not, during the term of this 
Agreement, open, or authorize another Paul Davis franchisee to open an office within the 
Franchise Territory. 
 
ARTICLE 5:  TERM AND RENEWAL OF FRANCHISE 
 
5.1 
Term. This Agreement and the rights granted to Franchisee hereunder shall 
be for a term of five (5) years. 
 
5.2 
Renewal.  Franchisee may renew this Agreement for successive five (5) year 
renewal terms, provided that the following conditions are met: 
 
(a) 
Franchisee gives written notice of intent to renew or not renew at least ninety 
(90) days, but not more than one hundred eighty (180) days, prior to the expiration date, 
which notice requirement may be waived by PDRI, in its sole and absolute discretion; 
 
(b) 
Franchisee has paid all amounts due and payable under this Agreement, 
including, without limitation, any Minimum Royalty due; 
 
(c) 
Franchisee has reported Gross Sales of at least the greater of (i) sales above 
the national annual median sales for PDR territories in the Network or (ii) $6.00 times the 
net population of the Franchise Territory for each of the immediately preceding two calendar 
years. Franchisee must also have met all Minimum Royalty obligations through invoiced 
Sales in four (4) of the preceding 5 years prior to Renewal. For clarity only, in the event that 
franchisee does not meet minimum royalty obligations in two (2) or more years of the five 
(5) year term, PDRI may consider non-renewal of the franchise.  If this is a renewal of an 
existing Franchise Agreement with or without this requirement, and Franchisee does not 
meet these requirements, Franchisee may meet this requirement by reducing the territory 
population, as approved by PDRI, to align sales to the size of the territory. Such reduction 
in territory may not be used to reduce the minimum royalty charges already incurred;     
 
(d) 
Franchisee has remained throughout the term substantially in compliance 
with the terms of the Agreement and is in compliance as of the date of renewal. Three 
notices of default in any twelve (12) month period shall be considered evidence of non-
compliance; 
 
(e) 
Franchisee complies with PDRI Brand Standards, replaces any equipment 
and conforms to software requirements (including any computer equipment) used in 
operating the PDRI franchise so as to comply with the then-current requirements for new 
franchisees;  
 
(f) 
Franchisee executes a new franchise agreement and any other documents 
then customarily used by PDRI in granting new franchises.  The terms and conditions of the 
new franchise agreement may differ materially from the terms of this Agreement; provided, 
however, that the Franchise Fee shall be waived; and 
 
(g)  
Franchisee pays a renewal fee equal to $5,000 upon execution of the 
renewal franchise agreement. 
 
(h)  
Failure to renew within 90 days after the renewal is presented by PDRI to 
