FS Brands, Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 
(expressed in US dollars) 
(4)
Deferred revenue and customer deposits 
Deferred revenue represents payments received in connection with services to be provided in the future and is 
recognized when the services have been provided. Customer deposits represent payments received as deposits 
in connection with California Closet products to be installed. 
Notional value appreciation plans 
Under these plans, subsidiary employees are compensated if the notional value of the subsidiary increases. 
Awards under these plans generally have a term of up to ten years and a vesting period of five years. The 
increase in notional value is calculated with reference to growth in earnings relative to a fixed threshold amount 
plus or minus changes in indebtedness relative to a fixed opening amount. If an award is subject to a vesting 
condition, then graded attribution is applied to the intrinsic value. The related compensation expense is 
recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses, the current liability is recorded in accrued liabilities, 
and the non-current portion is recorded in other liabilities. 
Leases 
The Company has lease agreements with lease and non-lease components and has elected to account for each 
lease component (e.g., fixed rent payments) separately from the non-lease components (e.g., common-area 
maintenance costs). The Company has also elected not to recognize the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities 
for short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less. Leases are recognized on the consolidated 
balance sheets when the lease term commences, and the associated lease payments are recognized as an 
expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
Income taxes 
Income tax has been provided using the asset and liability method whereby deferred income tax assets and 
liabilities are recognized for the expected future income tax consequences of events that have been recognized 
in the consolidated financial statements or income tax returns. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are 
measured using enacted income tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which temporary 
differences are expected to reverse, be recovered or be settled. The effect on deferred income tax assets and 
liabilities of a change in income tax rates is recognized in earnings in the period in which the change occurs. A 
valuation allowance is recorded unless it is more likely than not that realization of a deferred income tax asset 
will occur based on available evidence. 
Non-controlling interests 
The non-controlling interests are considered to be redeemable securities and accordingly are recorded at the 
greater of (i) the redemption amount; or (ii) the amount initially recorded as redeemable non-controlling 
interest at the date of inception of the minority equity position. This amount is recorded in the “mezzanine” 
section of the consolidated balance sheets, outside of stockholders’ equity. Changes in the redeemable non-
controlling interests amount are recognized immediately as they occur. 
