19 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Agreement 
security policies of the Franchisee; and (iv) applicable laws.  
 
These information security protections shall (i) prevent unauthorized access use 
or disclosure of PDRI Data and Confidential Information (including during 
storage, transmission and disposal); (ii) protect against any anticipated threats 
or hazards to the security or integrity of PDRI Data and Confidential Information; 
(iii) limit access to PDRI Data and Confidential Information within possession or  
to those personnel of Franchisee who have a reasonable need for such 
information; and (iv) ensure the proper, secure and lawful storage, transmission 
and disposal of PDRI Data and Confidential Information within the possession 
or control of Franchisee, its employees or other representatives. PDRI may, from 
time to time, notify Franchisee of additional, new or updated security 
requirements; provided, that Franchisee shall be responsible for any Franchisee 
costs related to the implementation of such new security requirements.  
 
Franchisee shall ensure that PDRI Data is not physically transferred to, 
accessed by, or otherwise processed by any personnel or systems outside of 
the United States or any country or territory where the Franchisee is located; 
provided however, that PDRI shall have unlimited access to PDRI Data.  
 
(e) Unauthorized Disclosure of Data and Security Incidents. Franchisee agrees to 
monitor its system for unauthorized access and to implement an incident 
response policy that specifies actions to be taken when PDRI detects or 
becomes aware of an unauthorized access to information systems. As part of 
this response system, Franchisee agrees to notify PDRI, by telephone, within 
twenty-four (24) hours upon becoming aware of any breach, or attempted or 
suspected breach, of its security related areas, locations, or computer systems 
which contain PDRI Data or other Confidential Information, including (without 
limitation) any instance of theft, loss, unauthorized access, alteration or 
destruction by fraud, deception or other malfeasance or inadvertent access (s 
“Security Incident”). For the avoidance of doubt, a Security Incident shall include, 
without limitation, a ransomware attack, distributed denial-of-service attack or 
any similar incident where a third party obtains control of Franchisee’s systems. 
 
In the event of such Security Incident, , Franchisee shall provide to PDRI, in 
writing, details concerning the Security Incident as PDRI may reasonably 
request and Franchisee shall cooperate with PDRI, regulators and law 
enforcement to assist in gaining possession of such Confidential Information and 
prevent its further unauthorized use, and take (and document) and necessary 
remedial actions as may be required to prevent other or future Security Incidents. 
If requested Franchisee shall permit PDRI and its agents to access Franchisee’s 
facilities and/or hardware or software, as applicable, to conduct a forensic 
analysis of the Security Incident. Franchisee shall bear all direct and indirect 
costs associated with such determination including, without limitation, the costs 
of remedial measures. Franchisee’s obligations under this Section and any 
breach by Franchisee of the obligations of this Section shall not be subject to 
any limitations on damages suffered by PDRI.    
  
9.2 
Initial Printing and Sales and Marketing Supplies Package.  Except in the 
case where the franchise is being acquired from an existing franchisee or a franchise 
