32 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Agreement 
regardless of the terms of this Agreement, reveal any of the methods or systems used by 
PDRI in its business to any person, corporation, or other entity unless written permission is 
given in advance by PDRI. 
 
(h) 
Franchisee and Principal Owner agree that they will enforce these 
non-competition provisions as to contracts with its employees and associates. Franchisee 
shall ensure that Franchisee’s principals, employees and members of their immediate 
families who have access to PDRI’s Trade Secrets (as defined below), including 
Franchisee’s managers and other key employees, execute a Confidentiality and Restrictive 
Covenant Agreement, in the form attached as Exhibit D to this Agreement, or as PDRI, in 
PDRI’s sole discretion, otherwise prescribes. Franchisee must furnish PDRI a copy of each 
executed agreement, upon request.   
 
22.2 
Post-Termination Commissions.  Franchisee and Principal Owner 
acknowledge that they may develop relationships with various insurance companies (each 
an “Insurance Company”) as a result of introductions by PDRI or by other Paul Davis 
Restoration franchisees or their status as a PDRI franchisee.  Franchisee and Principal 
Owner each agree that for a period of two years following Termination that any business 
that Franchisee or Principal Owner receives or accepts from Insurance Company shall 
automatically result in a sales commission of 25% of the gross sales amount, immediately due 
and payable from Franchisee and Principal Owner to PDRI.  For purposes of this section 22.2, 
the term Insurance Company shall include any person or entity acting on behalf of an 
Insurance Company to assign, arrange for, or manage reconstruction, restoration or cleaning 
services for losses insured by such Insurance Company. 
 
22.3 
Confidential Information and Trade Secrets.  Franchisee and Principal 
Owner hereby agree to the following limitations on their right and the right of Franchisee's 
employees to use certain information obtained in connection with this Agreement: 
 
(a) 
Confidential Information and Trade Secret Defined.  Upon completion of the 
Training Program, Franchisee shall possess certain secret and confidential information of 
PDRI consisting of customer lists; contract forms; appraisal techniques; ideas and data 
contained in the Common Software and Operations Manual; knowledge of sales and profit 
performance of PDRI’s other franchisees; sources of construction suppliers, methods of 
selecting subcontractors and other methods, techniques, know-how, formulas and data, 
now existing or hereinafter developed or acquired relating to the operation and franchising 
of a Paul Davis Restoration franchise, but not including information or techniques in the 
public domain and generally known and used by general contractors and cleaning service 
suppliers other than through disclosure by Franchisee. Through operation of the Franchised 
Business, Franchisee may possess a range of data collected from former, existing, and/or 
potential customers, including customer names and addresses, discounts and credit 
extensions to customers, customer contracts, designs, and status information (collectively, 
“Customer Information”). All of the foregoing, as well as the PDRI Data discussed in Section 
9.1.2 of this Agreement, is hereinafter referred to as the “Trade Secrets.”  You will not 
disclose any Trade Secrets to third parties, including entering such information into 
public/open Artificial Intelligence models or any other AI model that uses such information 
to train the Artificial Intelligence unless specifically authorized by us in writing, and you 
agree to strictly adhere to our privacy policies we may now, or in the future, establish with 
respect to Customer Information and Trade Secrets generally.  
 
