CODE 
Paul Davis Restoration, Inc.  
 North America Client Services 2020 rev March 2024 
5
3.6    
Franchisee agrees that PDCDI may hold and offset any payments due to 
Franchisee by any amount owed to PDRI and delinquent.  
 
3.7    
If Franchisee wishes to participate in, and market the First Priority® 
program, Franchise shall be required to register their participation with PDCDI 
and must adhere to PDRI Brand standards for the use of such Mark.   
 
4. Training and Compliance  
 
4.1  
Franchisee understands that the performance of commercial losses 
involves specialized training and compliance to laws and service levels which 
must be met prior to opting into this Optional program. In addition, Franchisee 
agrees to continuing compliance and training, new training or re-training as 
required by PDCDI in its sole discretion.  
 
4.2  
Franchisee shall notify PDCDI immediately if the Franchisee receives any 
commercial job by a Program customer, by any source, that is or expects to 
exceed the Franchisee’s training and certification level. PDCDI at its sole 
discretion may require that the Franchisee utilize a project manager from another 
Franchise office that possesses the requisite skill, training and certification in 
order to complete the assignment.   
 
5. Incorporation by Reference 
 
5.1    
This Agreement incorporates by reference all commercial requirements 
and service standards of PDRI, PDCDI and its Commercial Clients. This 
includes any new Agreements, changes, revisions and amendments, which will 
modify this Agreement, without the requirement of a separate addendum to this 
Agreement or any formal written amendment. Franchisee’s continuing request 
for referrals and PDCDI’s compliance to all Commercial Client requirements as a 
condition to such referral to Franchisee, is sufficient consideration to support 
modification of this Agreement without the necessity of a formal amendment. 
The parties waive any statute, law rule or regulation that may be interpreted as 
requiring any modification of this Agreement be in writing. 
 
5.2    
This Agreement also incorporates by this reference the Franchise 
Agreement and all Addendums between the parties. This Agreement does not 
supercede or replace any terms of the Franchise Agreement, but is meant to be 
read together and in harmony with the Franchise Agreement. Any terms in 
conflict, the Franchise Agreement will govern.   
 
6. Confidentiality  
 
6.1    
Franchisee expressly acknowledges that in the course of its performance 
under this Agreement, it will have access to certain confidential, copyright, 
business, trade secret, proprietary and other protected information of 
