21 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Agreement 
appearance or functionality of the Franchise Web Site, or to discontinue the Franchise Web 
Site. 
 
 
11.3 
Use of Third Party Web Sites.  Franchisee may establish and use third party 
web sites such as social media or directory web sites (“Third Party Web Sites”) to advertise 
and promote the Franchised Business.  PDRI reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to 
require that Franchisee discontinue or modify its use of, or content provided to, such Third 
Party Web Sites and Franchisee agrees to comply with such requirements.  Franchisee 
shall provide PDRI access to such Third Party Web Site accounts (including URLs, access 
codes, logins, and passwords) and PDRI at its discretion may from time to time provide 
content updates to such Third Party Web Sites. Failure to comply with this section and 
section 6.8 above, including but not limited to Franchisee’s failure to comply with Federal, 
State or local laws governing privacy or accessibility is a material cause for termination.   
 
 
11.4 
Approval of Electronic Transmission.  Franchisee shall not use the name or 
Marks of PDRI in connection with any electronic commerce or other electronic transmission, 
including, without limitation, communication via the internet, e-mail, web sites, social media 
networks, or text messages without the prior written approval of PDRI.   
 
11.5 
Domain Names / E-Mail Addresses.  Franchisee hereby irrevocably assigns 
to PDRI all rights, title and interest that Franchisee may have now or in the future in any 
internet domain name/URL, e-mail address, and Third Party Web Site URL, access codes, 
logins, and passwords that Franchisee establishes or uses in the operation of the 
Franchised Business, whether or not such domain name or the web site to which it relates 
or e-mail address was provided or approved by PDRI. 
 
ARTICLE 12:  INSURANCE 
 
12.1 
Required Insurance. The Franchisee shall obtain and keep in effect 
insurance policies or other deposits in escrow to adequately protect its business interests 
and fulfill its obligations under this Agreement. At minimum, Franchisee must procure and 
maintain insurance policies providing the following coverage, which may be updated at any 
time within the term of this Agreement: 
 
 
(a) 
Worker’s Compensation Insurance coverage for the Owner and 
Franchisee’s employees notwithstanding the statutory requirements of the state in which 
Franchisee operates. 
 
 
(b) 
Employer Practices Liability Insurance with limits of not less than $500,000 
each occurrence and in aggregate. 
 
 
(c) 
Commercial General Liability Insurance, including products liability and 
broad form contractual liability, with limits of not less than $1 million per occurrence and $2 
million aggregate. 
 
 
(d) 
Contractor’s Pollution Liability Insurance with limits of not less than $1 million 
per occurrence and in aggregate. 
 
 
(e) 
Business Automobile Liability Insurance (including Automobile Non-
Ownership Liability) with a combined single limit of not less than $1 million per occurrence. 
