 
32 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
PDRI will establish a franchise specific web site for your use in operating the franchise.  
You will be responsible to maintain and update the web site with pre-approved PDRI content and 
the Strategic Marketing Plan will pay the monthly web site hosting fee. 
 
 
You are required to participate in the Strategic Marketing Plan (“SMP”) established by the 
General Council, which is made up of all operating franchisees (See Item 6, Note 1, for more 
information about the General Council). In 2011, the General Council delegated to PDRI 
management of the fund with NEC oversight for three years. This was made permanent in 2016 
and has been approved by the National Executive Committee and by District vote. The SMP is a 
cooperative program established by the General Council, which requires financial contributions 
from each Franchisee. The current SMP fee established by the General Council is a monthly 
payment of: (a) $500.00 plus (b) three quarters of one percent (0.75%) of invoiced Gross Sales 
subject  to an annual CPI adjusted SMP sales cap , as described in Booklet 1 of the Operations 
Manual. A maximum amount per franchise and/or common majority owned Franchised businesses 
in contiguous territories shall be adjusted by the trailing twelve (12) months Consumer Price Index 
until such time as the Network changes the funding of the SMP. Such calculation may be subject 
to change based on a 2/3rds vote of the General Council authorizing such change.  
 
The General Council’s National Executive Committee (“NEC”) has the final approval of 
the budget proposed by PDRI.  Changes to the SMP requires majority approval of the franchise 
members of the NEC and PDRI and may require two-thirds approval of the active representatives 
at District Council meetings.  You may request an accounting of the SMP fund in writing from 
PDRI.  PDRI will supply you with the accounting statements by first class mail.  PDRI has used 
an outside regional advertising agency to create and place advertising in regional and national 
media. 
 
 
The funds collected by the General Council as part of the SMP were used as follows for 
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024: 
 
 
Production 
 
15.8% 
 
Media Placement 
 
9.7% 
 
Administrative Expenses 
Business Development and Field Marketing Staff 
 
0.4% 
61.7% 
 
Other: 
 
 
 
 
Public Relations / Communications 
 
7.3% 
 
 
Quality Surveys and Awards 
 
1.5% 
 
 
Franchisee and Industry Training 
 
3.7% 
 
TOTAL 
 
100% 
 
 
Advertising funds are not used to solicit new franchisees.  Advertising funds that are not 
spent in the fiscal year in which they are collected, will be accrued and used in subsequent fiscal 
years. 
 
Franchisor has the right in its sole discretion, to designate any region or area in which one 
or more Franchised Businesses are operating as an advertising cooperative area (the 
“Cooperative”) and to determine if a Cooperative is applicable to Franchisee’s Franchised 
