 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
6. 
Purchasing Franchisee agrees to pay for, accept and acknowledge receipt 
in writing of a new CSI stock certificate and Selling Franchisee agrees to surrender its 
CSI stock certificate. 
 
7.a. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Purchaser’s Franchise Agreement, all 
franchisees are required to maintain a deposit account balance in the Job Completion 
and Payment Guarantee Fund maintained by CSI (the “CSI Account”).  The required 
amount of the CSI Account balance for each franchisee shall be determined from time to 
time by the Board of Directors of CSI.  Purchasing Franchisee shall, on a month-to-month 
basis, pay one percent (1%) of its previous month’s sales to CSI until Purchasing 
Franchisee’s CSI Account balance equals the required account balance.  The assignment 
of the Selling Franchisee’s CSI Balance to the Purchasing Franchisee does not alter the 
Purchasing Franchisee’s obligation to establish a new CSI Account.  
 
 
7.b. 
Selling Franchisee’s CSI Account balance is $  
 as of   
 
 
20__.  CSI shall retain Selling Franchisee’s CSI Account balance until the second 
anniversary date of this Agreement and CSI shall pay out Selling Franchisee’s CSI 
Account balance to   
 
 
 
 
 
, subject to adjustment as 
provided in paragraphs 7c and 8 below and for any other sums Selling Franchisee may 
owe PDRI or CSI. 
 
 
7.c. 
If there is either a positive or a negative retained earnings, including current 
profit or loss, shown on the most recent financial statement of CSI prior to the signing of 
this Agreement, the sum shown as Selling Franchisee’s CSI Account balance shall be 
adjusted as follows: 
 
(1) 
For a positive retained earnings balance, the CSI Account balance 
shall remain unchanged and Selling Franchisee’s pro rata share of 
such positive retained earnings shall be paid by CSI to Selling 
Franchisee not more than thirty (30) days after notification, by Selling 
Franchisee, of the sale. 
 
(2) 
For a negative retained earning balance, the CSI Account balance 
shall be reduced by Selling Franchisee’ pro rata share of such 
negative retained earnings and such reduction shall be entered into 
all books and records maintained by CSI, PDRI, and the Franchisee. 
  
(3) 
In the event the franchise closes prior to the Payout Date, then the 
Payout Date shall be extended until the second anniversary date of 
the completion of the last open job and any warranty claims arising 
from Purchasing Franchisee’s operation of the franchise shall be 
satisfied first from the Purchasing Franchisee’s CSI Account and 
then from the Selling Franchisee’s CSI Account. 
 
7.d. 
In the event Selling Franchisee is selling only a portion of the franchise 
territory rather than the entire franchise, then section 7b. and 7c. shall not apply.  
 
 
8. 
In the event PDRI or CSI incurs any cost or expense due to the Work in 
Progress, Seller’s Warranty Claims or under any CSI Completion Guarantee Certificate, 
the funds for the full repayment of such cost or expense shall come from the following 
