28 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Agreement 
from Franchisee of all of the assets of Franchisee used in the operation of the Franchised 
Business.  PDRI may exercise such right by giving written notice of its intention to purchase 
the Franchised Business within ninety (90) days of the date of termination.  The notice shall 
specify the price and other terms of purchase including a two (2) year non-competition 
agreement for the Franchise Territory and the area within one hundred (100) miles of the 
franchise office.  If Franchisee disagrees with the offered price and other purchase terms, 
Franchisee may file arbitration to have a PDR arbitration committee determine the price and 
other purchase terms with the standard being fair market value and commercially 
reasonable purchase terms.  Franchisee shall have the burden of providing evidence that 
the offer is not commercially reasonable or at fair market value.  In the event an arbitration 
committee modifies the price or other purchase terms, then PDRI shall have ten (10) days 
in which to withdraw its notice of intent to purchase.    
 
ARTICLE 20:  ASSIGNMENT, SALE OR TRANSFER 
 
 
20.1 
Restriction on Transfers.  “Transfer” shall mean any sale, assignment, 
transfer or encumbrance, in whole or part, of: (i) this Agreement; (ii) Principal Owner's or 
Franchisee's rights and interests under this Agreement; (iii) the Franchised Business; or (iv) 
the capital stock or other ownership interest of the Franchisee corporate entity.  “Minority 
Transfer” shall mean any Transfer of less than fifty percent (50%) of the total capital stock 
or other ownership interest of Franchisee, measured both individually and in the aggregate 
of all Minority Transfers and which does not result in the change of majority control of 
Franchisee.  Franchisee and Principal Owner shall not make any Transfer (including any 
Minority Transfers) without the prior written consent of PDRI, which shall not be 
unreasonably withheld.  In addition to the consent of PDRI, all Transfers shall be 
conditioned on the following: 
  
(a) 
Franchisee shall have submitted to PDRI a written request for PDRI’s 
consent to Transfer, accompanied by a copy of the agreement for such Transfer (the 
“Transfer Contract”);  
 
(b) 
Franchise shall have paid to PDRI a transfer fee of $10,000 ($5,000 in the 
case of a Minority Transfer); in addition to this transfer fee, in the case of a majority resale, 
a resale fee of two and a half percent (2.5%) of the sale price to a maximum of $40,000 
shall also be due to cover PDRI’s due diligence and other expenses related to the re-sale 
(including qualification of the transferee), and such amounts must accompany the request 
for consent to Transfer and shall be non-refundable; 
 
(c) 
There shall be no existing default in the performance or observance of any 
of Franchisee's obligations under this Agreement or, any other agreement between 
Franchisee and PDRI and Franchisee shall be current in all sums due PDRI and CSI; 
 
(d) 
10 days prior to closing, Franchisee shall deposit to PDR, to be kept in 
escrow, I a sum equal to the average of the monthly sums due to PDRI for the preceding 
six (6) months invoiced that includes royalty, license and technology fees. PDRI shall be 
authorized to deduct any final sums due, including minimum royalties, up to the date of 
closing. Any excess payment will be refunded to Franchisee within 90 days of closing.    
 
(e) 
The Franchisee and the proposed transferee shall execute a Tri-Party 
Agreement for the Transfer of a Paul Davis Restoration Franchise, in its then-current form, 
