FS Brands, Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
(expressed in US dollars) 
(2)
The Company’s franchise systems operate marketing funds on behalf of franchisees. Advertising fund 
contributions from franchisees are reported as revenue consistent with royalty revenue, when the related 
franchisee revenues occur, and advertising fund expenditures are reported as expenses, when incurred in 
the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. To the extent that contributions 
received exceed advertising expenditures, the excess amount is accrued and offset as unearned revenue, 
whereas any expenditures in excess of contributions are expensed as incurred. As such, advertising fund 
contributions and the related revenue and expenses may be reported in different periods. 

Revenue from construction contracts and service operations other than franchisor operations 
Revenue is recognized over time as control transfers to the customer as the services are being performed. 
Revenue is recognized based on percentage of completion, which is based on a ratio of actual costs to total 
estimated contract costs. In cases where anticipated costs to complete a project exceed the revenue to be 
recognized, a provision for the additional estimated losses is recorded in the period when the loss becomes 
apparent. Amounts received from customers in advance of services being provided are recorded as 
unearned revenue when received and services rendered in advance of billing are recorded as work-in-
progress inventory. 
Cash and cash equivalents 
The Company considers all investments readily convertible into cash and having an initial maturity of three 
months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents include money market funds and time deposits, which 
are carried at cost and approximate fair value. 
Restricted cash 
Restricted cash comprises cash restricted for marketing fund use. The Company is in custody of the cash 
received from franchisees for use in franchisee marketing funds. 
The Company’s consolidated statements of cash flows explain the change during the period in the total of cash 
and cash equivalents and amounts generally described as restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents. The 
Company’s restricted cash balance consists primarily of cash related to our marketing funds. 
Inventories 
Inventories consist of finished products, accessories and components of closet and workspace systems, painting 
kits, film and supplies held for resale. Inventories are valued at the lower of cost (first in, first out) and net 
realizable value. Work-in-process inventory relates to construction contracts in process and is accounted for 
using the percentage of completion method. 
Property and equipment 
Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment in value. 
Depreciation is provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, except for 
leasehold improvements, which are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the lesser of the useful life of the 
asset or the remaining lease term.
