8 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Agreement 
the second full month following the completion of new owner school, if applicable.  The 
payment of fees must be via automatic direct electronic withdrawals from Franchisee’s bank 
account and Franchisee agrees to cooperate with PDRI in such procedure and to execute 
any and all authorizations required for such withdrawals, though PDRI reserves the right to 
change the manner of payment at any time. Franchisee must also provide PDRI with 
necessary credit card information as a back-up in the event that the electronic funds transfer 
(“EFT”) fails or is denied.  Franchisee hereby authorizes PDRI to charge this credit card in 
the event of an EFT denial or failure.  A form of EFT authorization is attached to this 
Agreement as Exhibit C. Franchisee also authorizes PDRI to collect, retain, and apply 
program payments due the Franchisee to past due balances owed to PDRI, the SMP and 
for CSI.   
 
3.11 
Late Payment.  Franchisee agrees that any amounts due to PDRI and not 
received by PDRI on or before their due date shall immediately begin to accrue interest as 
of the due date at the maximum rate allowed by law or one and one-half percent (1½%) 
monthly, whichever is less, without waiver of any other rights of PDRI. 
 
3.12 
Additional Penalty for Failure to Timely Pay Fees.  Franchisee hereby 
acknowledges that fees and royalties set forth herein provide Franchisee access to and 
may be used to fund programs established under this Agreement and the Operations 
Manual.  In addition to any other rights of PDRI hereunder, PDRI has the right to withhold 
or terminate access to all services, including the use of the Common Software, Programs 
or to apply program work payments to past due balances, in the event of Franchisee’s failure 
to pay promptly all sums due PDRI. PDRI, in its sole discretion, may reinstate Franchisee 
when all sums due are paid. 
 
3.13 
 Strategic Marketing Plan.  The Strategic Marketing Plan (“SMP”) is a 
cooperative program established by the General Council, which requires financial 
contributions from each Franchisee. The current SMP fee established by the General 
Council is a monthly payment of: (a) $500.00 plus (b) three quarters of one percent (0.75%) 
of invoiced Gross Sales subject  to an annual CPI adjusted SMP sales cap , as described 
in Booklet 1 of the Operations Manual. A maximum amount per franchise and/or common 
majority owned Franchised Businesses in contiguous territories shall be adjusted by the 
trailing twelve (12) months Consumer Price Index until such time as the Network changes 
the funding of the SMP. Such calculation may be subject to change based on a 2/3rds vote 
of the General Council authorizing such change.  
 
3.14 
Conference Registration Fee. PDRI at its option may from time to time hold 
franchisee conferences, which provides required branding, training and education for the 
Network.  Franchisee agrees to pay, within 30 days of billing, a conference registration fee 
determined for each conference. PDRI reserves the right to charge Franchisee this fee in 
the event that Franchisee fails to attend or send a management representative to the 
conference.   
 
3.15 
 Call Center Fee.  PDRI, at its option, may maintain one or more centralized 
call centers for the purpose of answering First Notice of Loss and dispatching leads and 
processing incoming customer service related telephone calls, for action by the Franchisee. 
PDRI shall charge Franchisee a per lead/call service charge, provided that such charge 
shall not exceed the actual cost per lead/call plus an administrative charge of up to 20%. 
Call Center Fees are payable at the time and in the manner prescribed by PDRI. 
