 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
 
c. 
This Agreement may be amended only by written consent of the parties. 
 
d. 
The parties acknowledge and agree that each is an independent contractor 
of the other and not an employee or employer one of the other. 
 
 
e. 
This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts and all such 
counterparts shall be considered originals. 
 
f. 
This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the 
laws of the State of Florida, excluding its conflict of laws principals.  Venue shall 
lie in Duval County, Florida. 
 
g. 
This Agreement may only be assigned by Purchasing Franchisee or Selling 
Franchisee upon written agreement of PDRI. 
 
h. 
In the event of a conflict between any provisions of this Agreement and the 
agreements establishing the Franchise, then the provisions of the agreements 
establishing the Franchise shall govern. 
 
i. 
Each individual signing this Agreement hereby represents and warrants that 
such individual has all necessary power and authority, and has obtained all 
necessary consents and authorizations, to execute this Agreement as a legally 
binding instrument. 
 
j. 
Prior to January 1, 2000, PDRI and its franchisees operated under the 
tradename of “Paul Davis Systems.”  “Paul Davis Restoration” was adopted as a 
new tradename on January 1, 2000, and therefore, all references to the term “Paul 
Davis Restoration” shall include “Paul Davis Systems.” 
 
k. 
Neither PDRI’s consent to the transfer of the Franchise Rights from Selling 
Franchisee to Purchasing Franchisee nor the terms of any agreement entered into 
by Selling Franchisee and Purchasing Franchisee to which PDRI is not a party 
shall in any manner limit, waive or alter any of PDRI’s rights or obligations. 
 
l. 
Delay or failure by a party to enforce any term or condition of this Agreement 
shall not be deemed a waiver of enforcement or further enforcement of that or any 
other term or condition.  The consent or approval by a party to or of any act by the 
other party of a nature requiring consent or approval shall not be deemed to waive 
or render unnecessary consent to or approval of any subsequent similar act.  All 
rights and remedies conferred under this Agreement or by any other instrument or 
law shall be cumulative and may be exercised singularly or concurrently. 
 
m. 
Each and every clause of this Agreement shall be severable from each 
other.  In the event that any particular clause herein shall be held invalid and null 
and void in any judicial proceeding, such finding shall have no effect on the 
remaining clauses. 
 
n. 
The transfer of the Franchise Rights and the execution of the Purchaser’s 
Franchise Agreement shall not constitute a novation as between PDRI and the 
