 
34 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Disclosure Document 
territory to other franchisees.  In addition, franchisees operating Paul Davis Emergency Services 
Businesses may operate in your territory.   
 
Your office must be located in your franchise territory.  You are not required to seek 
PDRI’s approval to re-locate your office within your franchise territory.  You do not have any 
options, rights of first refusal or similar rights to acquire additional franchises in contiguous or 
other territories. 
 
 
As to any territory covered by a Franchise Agreement, PDRI has not currently established 
a company-owned Paul Davis outlet office using our service marks and trademarks, with the 
exception of Paul Davis National, which may service the entire United States. While currently not 
self performing work, Paul Davis National may offer and sell the same type of services as your 
franchised business.  
 
Except as otherwise provided in this Disclosure Document, PDRI agrees not to allow 
another franchisee to establish an office offering the same Paul Davis franchise services in your 
franchise territory. PDRI may use alternative distribution, including the Internet, within your 
territory under different trademarks, but PDRI does not offer any compensation to franchisees for 
soliciting or accepting orders from within a franchisee’s territory.  PDRI may grant similar 
franchises using our trademarks outside of your territory. 
 
 
Your territory will be identified using zip code boundaries, which are subject to change.  
These changes are outside of the control of PDRI.  Other than changes to the zip code boundaries 
used to define your territory, PDRI has no right to alter the territory granted to you under the 
Franchise Agreement.  Renewal of your territory may be dependent upon the achievement of a 
certain sales volume, market penetration, or any other contingency, apart from your obligations 
under the Franchise Agreement.  
 
 
In addition to the Paul Davis Emergency Services Business franchisees, some of our 
affiliates listed in Item 1 of this disclosure document offer franchises under different service-marks 
or trademarks which provide services that may be similar to, but do not necessarily compete with, 
some of the services you are authorized to provide as a PDRI franchisee. 
 
We and our affiliates have and reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to: (i) establish and 
operate, and license third parties the right to establish and operate, other franchised businesses 
using the service-marks or trademarks and system at any location(s) outside of your territory; (ii) 
open and operate, or license third parties the right to open or operate, businesses that offer products 
and services similar to your franchised business under marks other than PDRI’s service-marks or 
trademarks at any location; (iii)  merge with, acquire, or be acquired by, including through 
purchase or sale of substantially all assets, any other person or entity, including any competitor of 
us or you, and continue to conduct and franchise others the right to conduct in any location any 
business engaged in by the merging, acquiring, acquired person or entity, including any business 
directly competitive with you and to identify such outlets or businesses as being related to or an 
affiliate of PDR or PDRI; and (v) use our service-marks, trademarks and system, and license others 
to use the service-marks, trademarks, and system to engage in any other activities not expressly 
prohibited under the Franchise Agreement within or outside your territory. 
