16 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Agreement 
fees and costs associated with this training.  
 
8.4 
Post Training Review.  Franchisee agrees that during launch and at the discretion 
of PDRI during the operation of the franchise, PDRI shall have the right to review and 
approve Franchisee's estimates for contracted services prior to the release of such 
estimates, utilizing the FAST program as appropriate.  PDRI shall make best efforts to 
complete each review within thirty-six (36) hours after receipt but assumes no obligation to 
do so within this time period.   
 
8.5 
Post Opening On-site Training.   Upon commencement of the Franchisee's 
operations, PDRI shall furnish to Franchisee, at PDRI’s expense, a Launch trainer for field 
operations to provide on-site training at the Franchisee's place of business for a period of 
up to five (5) working days, to include Operations, Marketing, and Financial training to 
include job cost functions and computer desktop streaming. The franchisee agrees to 
require its designated Job Cost Accountant to complete this training. 
 
8.6 
Rescission and Refund.  At its sole discretion, PDRI reserves the right at any 
time prior to opening the Franchised Business to rescind this Agreement and refund to 
Franchisee within five (5) business days any cash payment paid to PDRI, if, in PDRI’s sole 
discretion, Franchisee fails to meet PDRI’s performance standards as evidenced through 
evaluations determined by classroom training and personal interviews. Franchisee agrees 
that if PDRI rescinds this Agreement as stated herein, any fees for Training completed will 
be retained by PDRI from the returned Franchise Fee. Franchisee shall continue to be 
bound by the arbitration provisions of the Operations Manual and the non-competition and 
the non-disclosure of trade secrets provisions set forth in Article 22 hereof and shall bear 
the costs incurred in pursuing the purchase of the franchise, other than the Franchise Fee 
paid to PDRI.   
 
8.7 
Recertification Training.   PDRI reserves the right to require that any owner 
or qualifying representative be recertified upon sixty (60) day’s written notice.  If PDRI 
recommends such a program, Franchisee agrees to attend a three to five (3-5) day 
recertification training program at PDRI’s place of business or in any other location where 
the course if offered.  Franchisee agrees to pay PDRI’S recertification training fee as well 
as Franchisee's travel and living expenses.  PDRI shall provide no less than sixty (60) days’ 
notice to Franchisee of the date of each recertification training program. 
 
8.8 
Intentionally omitted. 
 
8.9 
Post Training On-site Consultation.  In its sole discretion, PDRI may provide 
personal consultation, advisory and supervisory services at Franchisee's principal place of 
business, at a fee based on time and expense incurred by PDRI’s representative, as agreed 
in advance, at such time as is mutually agreed by the parties. 
 
ARTICLE 9: COMPUTER SOFTWARE, EQUIPMENT, DATA OWNERSHIP, USE,  
PROTECTION, AND SUPPLIES 
 
 
9.1 
Computer Software.  Franchisee acknowledges that it is essential to the 
franchise network and to the future development of marketing and electronic commerce 
programs that all franchisees possess the ability to use a common software system (the 
“Common Software”). During the term of this Agreement, Franchisee shall acquire and 
