 
36 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Disclosure Document 
MARK 
REGISTRATION 
NO. 
REGISTRATION 
DATE 
REGISTER 
98567911 
(Serial No.) 
May 24, 2024 
(Application Date) 
 (Pending) 
 
There have never been any determinations by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, the 
Trademark Trial and Appeal Board or any state trademark administrator or court of any pending 
infringement, opposition or cancellation proceeding or any pending material litigation involving 
either of the above-referenced marks which is relevant to its use.  PDRI has filed all required 
affidavits. 
 
 
There are no agreements in effect which significantly limit the right of PDRI to use or 
license the use of its names and logos in any manner material to the franchise.  PDRI does not 
know of any superior prior rights or infringing uses that could materially affect your use of its 
service marks. 
 
 
You must comply with the Operations Manual guidelines when you use the names and 
logos in operating the franchise.  PDRI assumes all responsibility to protect any rights to the names 
and logos.  You are not obligated to defend against claims of infringement or unfair competition 
with respect to such names and logos but you are obligated to notify PDRI immediately if you 
learn about an infringement of or challenge to your use of the PDRI service marks.  PDRI will take 
the action we deem appropriate and if we ask you to assist us in defending the service marks, we 
will reimburse you for all costs which you incur in doing so, if such costs are approved by PDRI 
in writing. 
 
 
You must modify or discontinue use of any PDRI service mark if PDRI modifies or 
discontinues it for all of our franchisees.  If this happens, PDRI will not reimburse you for expenses 
you incur in changing signage or other uses of the service mark.  Your obligations under the 
Franchise Agreement continue if any PDRI service mark is modified or discontinued. 
 
ITEM 14:  PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION 
 
 
PDRI does not own any patents which are material to the franchise.  PDRI claims 
copyrights on its Operations Manual although it has not filed an application for a copyright 
registration for the Operations Manual. 
 
 
Item 11 describes limitations on your use of the Operations Manual.  Any material changes 
to the Operations Manual require vote of the Districts and General Council and if it is changed, 
you must comply with these changes and PDRI will not reimburse you for any expenses you incur 
in making these changes. 
 
