 
33 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Disclosure Document 
Business.  If a Cooperative has been established applicable to Franchisee’s Franchised Business at 
the time Franchisee begins operating under this Agreement, Franchisee must immediately become 
a member of such Cooperative and make the required contributions to the Cooperative’s fund.  If 
a Cooperative applicable to Franchisee’s Franchised Business is established at a later time during 
the term of this Agreement, Franchisee must become a member of such Cooperative no later than 
thirty (30) days after the date on which the Cooperative is formed.  Franchisee must comply with 
all guidelines and requirements applicable to the Cooperative, as set forth by PDRI or the 
Cooperative itself.  PDRI may require a Cooperative to be formed, changed, dissolved, or merged 
in its sole and absolute discretion. If franchisees within a region desire to form a Cooperative, the 
Cooperative must first receive PDRI approval and adhere to PDRI’s Cooperative Program 
standards as set and amended by PDRI from time to time. The Cooperative will conduct advertising 
campaigns for the Franchised Business(es) located in that region. Contributions to a Cooperative 
are determined by a majority vote of the Franchised Business(es).  The Cooperatives are governed 
by written agreements and are available for review.  The Cooperatives are not required by PDRI 
to prepare annual or periodic financial statements. 
 
 
You may not use PDRI’s name or trademarks in connection with any electronic commerce 
or other electronic transmission, including email communications or interactive web sites, without 
the prior written approval of PDRI or its designated representative.  Such approval shall not be 
unreasonably withheld. 
 
 
SITE SELECTION 
 
 
There are no real estate or build out requirements and PDRI does not approve the site for 
your Franchise Business.  PDRI requires you to maintain an office in a commercial location within 
your territory dedicated solely to the operation of the franchise, but PDRI does not approve the 
location of your office or the area that you select for your office site.  Franchisees usually rent 
offices in strip centers, light industrial parks, or suburban office parks.  
 
ITEM 12:  TERRITORY 
 
 
You conduct your franchise operations within a specific franchise territory described in the 
Franchise Agreement.  While PDRI does not establish a minimum size for any territory, most 
territories are between 500,000 and 800,000 in population. The size and configuration of the 
franchise territory is based on population density, geographic location and other factors.  The size 
of your franchise territory is determined by you and PDRI before you sign the Franchise 
Agreement (see Item 5, Initial Franchise Fee).  
 
 
You will not receive an exclusive territory.  You may face competition from other 
franchisees, from outlets that are owned by us or our affiliate, or from other channels of distribution 
or competitive brands that we or our affiliates control, as discussed more fully below.  PDRI may 
enter into regional or national account program relationships with insurance companies, third party 
administrators, and property managers under which PDRI may assign jobs to franchisees. You do 
not have the right to enter into regional or national accounts without our prior written consent. If 
you do not participate, refuse assigned claims or do not qualify for any such regional or national 
account programs, PDRI may assign this regional or national account program work in your 
