5 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Agreement 
Conditions, set forth on Exhibit B, attached hereto and incorporated herein.  Franchisee 
agrees that the Franchise Fee is non-refundable after payment thereof except at PDRI’s 
election pursuant to Section 8.6 of this Agreement. 
 
ARTICLE 3:  ROYALTY AND OTHER FEES 
 
3.1 
Royalty Fee.  Franchisee shall pay to PDRI a monthly royalty fee (the 
“Royalty Fee”) equal to Four Percent (4%) (the “Royalty Rate”) times the amount of monthly 
Gross Sales invoiced.  “Gross Sales” includes the total amount of all closed invoiced sales 
or other revenue for labor, material, and services performed or rendered (a) by Franchisee 
or (b) by third party vendors and subcontractors who provide services or materials for 
Franchisee's clients as a part of Franchisee's services and pay Franchisee a fee of any 
kind. Invoiced Gross Sales does not include the amount of any applicable sales tax imposed 
by any federal, state, municipal or other governmental authority if such taxes are stated 
separately when the customer is charged and Franchisee pays such amounts as and when 
due to the appropriate taxing authority. Invoiced Gross Sales includes all items included on 
an estimate or work authorization including items paid for directly by the client or insurer.  
In the case of jobs involving multiple franchisees, each franchise will be responsible to 
report Gross Sales to the extent the franchisee bills, or is paid by, the ultimate customer or 
insurer.  Sales are deemed to be “closed” and reported for royalty purposes at the time 
when an  invoice is generated on the work.  Franchisee shall report Gross Sales using such 
forms or in such format as PDRI may specify from time to time.  PDRI may at any time 
modify the required format and content of the sales report. Royalty Fees are nonrefundable. 
Failure to invoice and/or report sales on work performed under this Agreement is a material 
breach of Article 17 herein. Any failure to pay royalty on work performed, and/or a failure to 
invoice losses properly for any reason may result in termination of this Agreement. 
 
 
3.2 
Minimum Royalty.  The term “Minimum Royalty” shall mean an annual 
amount equal to the Royalty Rate times the Minimum Sales Amount times the population 
of the Franchise Territory.  The term “Minimum Sales Amount” for New Franchises shall 
mean: (a) $0.00 for the partial year following the date the Franchise opens ; (b) $1.00 for 
the first full calendar year; (c) $2.00 for the second full calendar year; (d) $3.00 for the third 
full calendar year; (e) $3.50 for the fourth full calendar year; (f) $4.00 for the fifth full calendar 
year; (g) $4.50 for the sixth full calendar year; (h) $5.00 seventh full calendar year; (i) $5.50 
eighth full calendar year; and (j) $6.00 for the ninth full calendar year and years thereafter. 
If this Agreement is a renewal of a prior franchise agreement, then the Minimum Sales 
Amount shall be set based on market penetration at the time of re-sale and/or at the sole 
discretion of PDRI. The Minimum Sales Amount will be set forth beginning on the Schedule 
of Additional Terms and Conditions (attached hereto as Exhibit B) and escalated to a $6.00 
maximum.  If the Minimum Royalty amount exceeds the amount of the Royalty Fee for the 
previous twelve (12) months, then Franchisee shall pay the amount of such excess to PDRI.  
The annual Minimum Royalty amount shall be prorated for any partial years resulting from 
the termination, renewal or non-renewal, or transfer of the franchise.  PDRI shall notify 
Franchisee in writing of any amounts due pursuant to this section and such amounts shall 
be due and payable within thirty (30) days of such notice.  If Franchisee owes Minimum 
Royalty for any year, then in the following year, PDRI may assess the pro rata amount of 
Minimum Royalty on a quarterly basis with credit allowed for any overpayment on a full year 
basis.  Beginning on the tenth (10th) anniversary of the effective date of this Agreement, the 
Minimum Sales Amount shall be increased annually to reflect changes in the Consumer 
Price Index since the date of this Agreement.  PDRI and Franchisee agree that the 
