35 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Agreement 
 
 
23.6 
Limitation of Actions. Franchisee agrees that no cause of action arising out 
of or related to this Agreement may be maintained by Franchisee against PDRI unless 
Franchisee brings an action/suit and/or Arbitration against PDRI before the expiration of 
one (1) year after the act, transaction or occurrence upon which such action is based or the 
expiration of one year after the Franchisee becomes aware of facts or circumstances 
reasonably indicating that Franchisee may have a claim against PDRI hereunder, whichever 
occurs sooner. Any action/suit that Franchisee does not bring this period shall be barred as 
a claim, counterclaim, defense, or set-off. Franchisee hereby waives the right to obtain any 
remedy based on alleged fraud, misrepresentation, or deceit by PDRI, including, without 
limitation, rescission of this Agreement, in any mediation, judicial, or other adjudicatory 
proceeding arising hereunder, except upon a ground expressly provided in this Agreement. 
 
ARTICLE 24:  RECEIPT OF FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
24.1 
Acknowledgment of Receipt.  By the signing of this Agreement, Franchisee 
and its Principal Owner acknowledge receipt of a Paul Davis Restoration Franchise 
Disclosure Document at least fourteen (14) days prior to the signing of this Agreement.  
 
ARTICLE 25: INTERPRETATION OF RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS 
 
25.1 
PDRI’s Rights. Whenever this Agreement provides that PDRI has or 
reserves/retains a certain right, that right is absolute and the parties intend that PDRI’s 
exercise of that right will not be subject to any limitation or review. PDRI has the right to 
operate, administrate, develop and change the Franchise System in any manner that is not 
specifically precluded by the provisions of this Agreement. 
 
25.2 
PDRI’s Reasonable Business Judgment. 
Whenever 
PDRI 
reserves 
discretion in a particular area or where PDRI agrees or is required to exercise its rights 
reasonably or in good faith, PDRI will satisfy its obligations whenever it exercises 
“reasonable business judgment” in making its decision or exercising its rights.  A decision 
or action by PDRI will be deemed to be the result of “reasonable business judgment,” even 
if other reasonable or even arguably preferable alternatives are available, if PDRI’s decision 
or action is intended to promote or benefit the Franchise System generally even if the 
decision or action also promotes a financial or other individual interest of PDRI.  Examples 
of items that will promote or benefit the Franchise System include enhancing the value of 
the Marks, improving customer service and satisfaction, improving product quality, 
improving uniformity, enhancing or encouraging modernization, and improving the 
competitive position of the Franchise System.  Neither Franchisee nor any third party 
(including a trier of fact), will substitute its judgment for PDRI’s reasonable business 
judgment. 
 
ARTICLE 26:  MODIFICATION 
 
26.1 
Written Consent Requirement.  No other agreement or understanding 
hereafter modifying or supplementing this Agreement shall be binding in any way upon 
either party unless confirmed in writing and signed by the duly authorized representatives 
of each party. 
 
