 
15 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
NOTES TO ITEM 6: 
 
 
The preceding chart shows recurring or isolated fees or payments that you must pay either 
to PDRI or that PDRI imposes or collects on behalf of a third party.  All fees are imposed by and 
payable to PDRI unless otherwise stated.   All fees are nonrefundable and are uniformly imposed 
on all franchisees except as otherwise described below.  Late payment is assessed at 1 1/2% per 
month.  Please see the notes below for additional information about these fees. 
 
Note 1:   
The Guarantee Fund Contribution, the Computer Software Support Fee, the 
Strategic Marketing Plan Fee, and the Indemnity Fund Fee have been voted into the Paul Davis 
Restoration® Operations Manual by the Councils and will remain in effect until removed or 
changed by Council vote. 
 
All franchisees of PDRI are members of the Paul Davis Restoration® General Council and of one 
District Councils.  The General Council of all PDRI franchisees meets on an annual basis, 
generally at the Annual Conference.  Each of the District Councils, composed of all franchisees 
whose franchise territories are located in the geographically defined districts, meet twice each year.  
The District Councils vote on proposed changes to the Paul Davis Restoration® Operations 
Manual.  In this disclosure document, references to Council mean the District Councils. 
 
Note 2:  
The fees associated with the RMS will be $525 per month for the Primary office.  
If you own additional offices (common ownership), there will also be a monthly fee of $300 for 
these secondary offices.  See Item 11 for more information regarding software and other relevant 
technology. 
 
Note 3: 
PDRI will facilitate the vetting and review of your re-sale candidate. The cost to 
perform these services is 2.5% of the sale price, but in any event the resale fee will not exceed 
$40,000, payable at closing. A transfer fee of $10,000 for a majority transfer and $5,000 for a 
minority transfer will also be charged.  Additionally, PDRI can assist qualified franchisees with 
Lead Generation assistance in the sale of their franchise. The exact amount of the Lead Generation 
fees for any particular case will be disclosed at the time of agreement and includes broker fees. 
Lead Generation assistance is optional and voluntary. Franchisee will be responsible for all Broker 
Fees associated with a candidate produced by PDRI and provided to you that closes on a sale of 
your franchise. The range of Broker Fees payable per franchise sale is between $30,000 and 
$50,000. This fee may be more if you are selling multiple franchises. 
 
Note 4: 
PDRI may offer Optional programs such as the National Commercial Sales 
Program and FAST (central mitigation estimating) and other Direct Repair Programs that may 
require additional training and/or administrative fees associated with the Program. The 
administrative fees will be deducted from the invoice amount with the Royalty Fee charged on the 
net invoice. Other requirements may apply, but participation is optional by the Franchisee. 
 
 
