 
 
PDRI conducts new owner schools three or four times a year.  Contact PDRI for the 
schedule and availability of upcoming classes.  Field training is scheduled, subject to the 
availability of PDRI field trainers, as soon as possible following the completion of new 
owner school.  All class schedules are subject to change.  
 
 
You will not be allowed to operate the franchise until you have completed the new 
owner training program.  There are two options for transitioning the franchise from the 
Seller to the Purchaser.  The option PDRI recommends is for you to attend new owner 
school before you close on the purchase of the franchise.  In order to attend training you 
will need to submit a final signed purchase and sale agreement to PDRI, pay the non-
refundable transfer and training fees, and execute a new franchise agreement (which will 
automatically terminate if the purchase is not completed).  This option will allow you to 
close on the purchase when you have completed school and are ready to operate the 
business.    Alternatively, you may close on the purchase of franchise prior to attending 
new owner school.  However, in this case you will need to hire the Seller or some other 
qualified individual to operate the franchise for you until you have completed the training 
program.   
 
 
 
The franchise you are purchasing may engage in some of the optional franchise 
programs.  These optional programs have their own requirements such as specialized 
training and other operational requirements.  In order for the franchise to continue to 
participate in an optional franchise program you will need to meet the program 
requirements.   
 
In addition to providing training for all Purchasers, PDRI must also exercise its right 
to consent to all transfers.  The transfer approval process is described below.  A non-
refundable transfer fee of $10,000 (a lesser amount may apply to some older franchise 
agreements or to the transfer of a minority interest) is required for all transfers, along with 
a re-sale fee equal to 2.5% of the sale price to a maximum of $25,000.           
 
 
Prior to the approval of a transfer, PDRI reviews both the proposed transaction 
and the qualifications of the proposed Purchaser. As part of our review of the proposed 
transaction, PDRI will review the franchise purchase and sale agreement.  However, the 
purpose of our review is only to protect the interests of PDRI and the PDR network.  You 
and your advisors must determine if the proposed transaction is in your best interest. 
 
In order to assess the qualification of potential PDR franchise owners, we require 
that every candidate to purchase a franchise visit our office in Jacksonville, Florida, and 
submit the personal information listed below.  During your visit to Jacksonville, you will 
have personal interviews with various members of our staff and senior managers.  In 
addition to visiting Jacksonville and the franchise you are considering purchasing, we 
highly recommend you visit or contact by telephone other PDR franchises.  You will also 
need to submit the following documents to PDRI: 
 
1. 
Confidential Information Form (“CIF”) 
2. 
Authorization to Obtain Credit Information (“Credit Authorization”) 
3. 
Personality Profile  
4. 
Franchise Purchase and Sale Agreement 
5. 
Shareholder (Partnership) Agreement (if more than one owner) 
6. 
Business Plan  
