22 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Agreement 
 
 
(f) 
Umbrella or Excess Liability Insurance with limits of not less than $4 million 
each occurrence and in aggregate. 
 
 
(g) 
Bailee Insurance for personal property in the care, custody or control of 
Franchisee with limits of not less than $250,000 per occurrence and in aggregate. 
 
 
(h) 
Cyber Insurance to cover your business, with limits if not less than $1 million 
per occurrence and $2 million aggregate. 
 
 
(i) 
You shall obtain and maintain at your sole cost and expense, and keep in 
full force and effect during the term of this Agreement, such types and amounts of insurance 
as required by Brand, as set forth in this Agreement, the Operations Manual, or other written 
policies, as they may be updated from time to time.   
 
Franchisee agrees to name Paul Davis Restoration, Inc.. and its parent, FS Brands, Inc., 
and CSI as additional insureds (“Additional Insureds”) on all policies, except for any required 
Workers’ Compensation and Employers’ Liability policies. Each such policy shall provide 
that the policy is primary over the coverage of PDRI; cannot be canceled without 30 days 
prior written notice to PDRI; and shall insure the contractual liability of Franchisee.  
 
. Any failure to have the appropriate insurance as described herein shall be considered a 
material breach of this Agreement. PDRI shall have the right to change these 
requirements at any time to comply with contractual obligations or industry 
standards. 
 
12.2 
Certificates of Insurance.  Prior to the commencement of operations, 
Franchisee shall furnish to PDRI, or its designee, a Certificate of Insurance reflecting that 
the required insurance coverage is in effect and, if requested, a copy of all such insurance 
policies.  All policies shall be renewed, and Franchisee shall provide PDRI with a renewal 
Certificate of Insurance for each policy, in a manner designated by PDRI, prior to the 
expiration of the prior policy.   
 
ARTICLE 13:  HOLD HARMLESS 
 
 
13.1 
Liability to Third Parties.  Franchisee is solely responsible for any and all 
claims, demands, losses, obligations, liens, costs, expenses, liabilities, debts, or damages 
to or by third parties arising out of or in connection with the possession, ownership, 
operation, transfer, or proposed transfer of the Franchised Business, including violations of 
this Agreement, and for all alleged claims or demands for damages to property or for injury, 
illness or death of persons directly or indirectly resulting therefrom, and for any payment 
made by PDRI to any third-party including a TPA, carrier, homeowner, or commercial 
partner in connection with any alleged workmanship issues, incomplete work, or other 
service related issues, and for all claims involving alleged state or federal employment or 
labor law violations, violations of data privacy laws, or the negligent acts of Franchisee’s 
employees (collectively, a “Claim”).   
 
Without limitation, except as provided by the applicable law, Franchisee agrees to 
defend, indemnify and save PDRI, its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors and 
employees harmless from and assume all liability of, with respect to and for any and all such 
