30 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Agreement 
or entity shall succeed to any of the rights of Franchisee or Principal Owner under this 
Agreement by virtue of any voluntary or involuntary proceeding in bankruptcy, receivership, 
attachment, execution, assignment for the benefit of creditors or other legal process.  
 
 
20.5 
Violation.  Any attempt by Franchisee or Principal Owner to affect a Transfer 
without the prior written consent of PDRI shall constitute a material breach of this 
Agreement and any such Transfer shall be null and void. 
 
 
20.6 
Transfers to Heirs.  The legal heirs of Principal Owner may inherit the 
Principal Owner's rights under this Agreement, subject to approval by PDRI (which shall not 
be unreasonably withheld) and completion by the new Principal Owner of PDRI’s New 
Owner training program within six (6) months after the date of transfer. Such heirs shall be 
subject to all of Franchisee's obligations hereunder but shall not be required to pay any 
transfer fee. 
 
 
20.7 
Transfers by PDRI.  PDRI may assign, sell, transfer or encumber its rights 
under this Agreement without the prior consent of Franchisee.  Any such assignment, sale, 
transfer or encumbrance by PDRI shall relieve PDRI of its liability to Franchisee under the 
terms of this Agreement. 
 
ARTICLE 21:  REFUND POLICY 
 
21.1 
No Refund.  Neither Franchisee nor Principal Owner, upon termination or 
cancellation of this Agreement or the franchise for any reason, shall be entitled to any refund 
or rebate in whole or in part of the Franchise Fee, or of any Royalty Fee or other fees herein 
agreed to be paid, other than as provided in Section 8.6 of this Agreement. 
 
ARTICLE 22:  NON-COMPETITION; POST-TERMINATION COMMISSIONS; AND 
TRADE SECRETS 
 
22.1 
Non-Competition. Franchisee and Principal Owner acknowledge that as a 
participant in PDRI’s Franchise System, Franchisee will receive proprietary and confidential 
information and materials, trade secrets, and the unique methods, procedures and 
techniques which PDRI has developed. Therefore, to protect PDRI and all of PDRI’s 
franchisees, Franchisee and Principal Owner agree as follows:  
 
(a) 
During the term of this Agreement, neither Franchisee, Franchisee’s officers 
or Principal Owner, nor any member of their immediate family may, directly or indirectly 
(unless void by State law): 
 
(i) 
Engage in any business involving emergency services (including 
drying, cleaning, decontamination, repair, board-up, demolition, loss 
mitigation, and mold remediation), insurance restoration construction 
and reconstruction of residential and commercial buildings, 
structures and contents (a “Competing Business”); provided, 
however, that this section does not apply to the operation of any other 
PDRI Franchised Business; 
 
(ii) 
Employ or otherwise disrupt the employment of any person who is at 
that time employed by PDRI, PDRI affiliates or any other Franchise 
