 
3 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Disclosure Document 
other construction activities and various cleaning and other services.  You will compete with other 
general contractors and specialty contracting businesses in your local area for insurance 
restoration, cleaning work and other specialty contracting work.  You will receive a Paul Davis 
Restoration® Operations Manual (the “Operations Manual”).  You must comply with certain 
procedures in the Operations Manual, but PDRI may provide to you, from time to time, suggested 
procedures for you to consider in the operation of a Paul Davis Restoration® insurance restoration 
franchise.  If you choose to participate in any Optional Programs you may be required to comply 
with additional obligations such as maintaining designated PDRI-trained personnel. 
 
 
PDRI has designated a common software system called Restoration Management Software 
by CoreLogic that integrates with required third-party software (collectively the “Common 
Software”) which enables the user to estimate the cost of restoring damaged facilities and 
remodeling existing facilities, engage in other construction activities and provide various cleaning 
services; produce detailed work orders showing production costs for each phase of any 
construction activity; maintain current cost figures, sales records, commission accounts, records 
of customers and associates, and other business records; and maintain detailed records for each 
construction activity (including work orders, draw requests, change orders, jobs in progress, 
accounts receivable, accounts payable, workman’s compensation audits, check writing, and job 
closings) for estimating and managing restoration work projects.  If you acquire a franchise, you 
will be required to use the Common Software.  Specific functionality of the software programs is 
subject to change, at PDRI’s discretion, as are business practices, operating procedures, and other 
technology.  The Common Software integrates and requires the use of a designated third party 
estimating system; a designated third party project management system; a third party CRM 
marketing platform and a designated third party accounting package that must be purchased 
independently by each Paul Davis Restoration® franchise.  In addition, some insurance companies 
may require the use of other third party software, including but not limited to, generating and 
submitting estimates.  You must acquire a computer system, including Internet access, compatible 
with the Common Software.  See Item 11 for further details regarding the software and also for 
computer hardware specifications. 
 
 
You will be a member of the PDRI Franchise Councils (described in Item 6), and you may, 
through such Councils and subject to PDRI’s consent, effect changes in the Operations Manual.  
See Item 11 for more information. 
 
 
PDRI and its affiliates retain the right to operate one or more Paul Davis Restoration® 
businesses as company outlets.  As of the date of this disclosure document, PDRI has no company 
outlets.  PDRI and its affiliates reserve the right to participate in other businesses, including related 
businesses. 
 
 
SPECIAL INDUSTRY REGULATIONS 
 
 
PDRI franchisees must comply with state and local laws that regulate general contractors.  
Many states require a general contractor license and some localities also require licensing.  As a 
general contractor, you may have worker’s compensation liability for employees of your 
subcontractors if they fail to maintain the Worker’s Compensation Insurance required by state law.  
You must comply with other laws in your state regulating general contractors.  It is solely your 
responsibility to investigate all laws and regulations applicable to the operation of your franchised 
