 
7 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Disclosure Document 
On August 13, 2013, plaintiffs filed a negligence claim alleging that the defendants, which 
included PDRI and one of its franchisees, did not provide a safe work environment for the 
plaintiffs, who were hired as temporary workers on a job site that was contaminated by the 
Histoplasma capsulatum fungus.  
 
The Plaintiffs were hired by the franchise from Labor Ready. PDRI has provided notice and 
demanded indemnification from its franchisee for the claim. The franchisee reported the claim 
under its General Liability and Pollution policy.  The Franchisee’s insurers, Cincinnati Insurance 
Companies and RockHill denied coverage for the claim. PDRI filed a Declaratory Action against 
RockHill, the franchisee’s insurance carrier for Bad Faith and on the coverage issue. Rockhill 
settled the case on November 25, 2015, for PDRI with PDRI contributing $20,000 toward full 
releases, without any admission of wrongdoing. 
 
Other than these actions, no litigation is required to be disclosed in this Item 3.   
 
ITEM 4:  BANKRUPTCY 
 
 
No bankruptcy is required to be disclosed in this Item. 
 
ITEM 5:  INITIAL FEES 
 
 
You may acquire a Paul Davis Restoration® franchise with an initial (and renewable) term 
of five years, for a franchise fee of $0.26 per person for each person in the population of the 
franchised territory.  Accordingly, your franchise fee will depend on the size of your territory 
population.  PDRI does not generally sell franchises that exceed populations in excess of 800,000.  
The franchise fee is payable with at least 50% in cash. For a standard size franchise of 500,000, 
the greater of $50,000 or 50% of the initial franchise fee is due upon signing the Franchise 
Agreement.  PDRI will finance the remaining portion of the initial franchise fee with a four-year 
promissory note at an APR of 7%, as described in Item 10 of this disclosure document. 
 
 
PDRI participates in the IFA’s VetFran Program which provides special incentives to 
qualified veterans of the US Armed Forces who otherwise meet the requirements of the VetFran 
program.  PDRI reduces the initial franchisee fee by 25% for qualified veterans.  In addition, for 
VetFran approved franchisees, PDRI may finance up to 67% of the reduced initial franchise fee 
for approved franchisees, as described in Item 10 of this disclosure document. 
 
 
In the previous fiscal year (ending December 31, 2024), franchise fees ranged from 
$17,147.90 to $176,698.42.   
 
PDRI uses a third-party software system called ESRI by ARC GIS to determine the 
population of franchise territories, by zip code. 
 
 
At the sole option of PDRI, PDRI reserves the right during classroom training, or at any 
point prior to opening, to rescind the Franchise Agreement and refund to you within 5 business 
days all or a portion of the franchise fee paid by you to PDRI if, in the reasonable determination 
of PDRI, you fail to meet PDRI’s performance standards evidenced through evaluations 
determined by classroom training and personal interviews. PDRI will not refund any portion of 
