 
37 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
You will receive certain secret and confidential information of PDRI consisting of 
customer lists and customer names and addresses, discounts and credit extensions to customers, 
customer contracts, designs, and status information (collectively “Customer Information”) 
contract forms; appraisal techniques; ideas and data contained in the Common Software and 
Operations Manual; knowledge of sales and profit performance of PDRI’s other franchisees; 
sources of construction suppliers; methods of selecting subcontractors and other methods, 
techniques, know-how, formulas and data relating to the operation and franchising of a Paul Davis 
Restoration franchise, but not including information or techniques in the public domain and 
generally known and used by general contractors and cleaning service suppliers other than through 
disclosure by you.  All of the foregoing is referred to as PDRI’s “Trade Secrets.” You are 
prohibited from disclosing Trade Secrets and our other proprietary information to third parties, 
including entering such information into public/open AI models or any other AI model that uses 
such information to train the AI unless specifically authorized by PDRI, and you must adhere to 
any privacy policies we may now, or in the future, establish with respect to the Customer 
Information and the Trade Secrets generally. 
 
PDRI shall disclose the Trade Secrets to you by lending to you, for the term of the Franchise 
Agreement, the Operations Manual and other written materials, and the Common Software, all 
containing the Trade Secrets, as well as through training and assistance provided to you and by 
and through the performance of PDRI’s other obligations under the Franchise Agreement.  PDRI 
is the sole owner of all Trade Secrets, and you shall acquire no interest in the Trade Secrets other 
than the right to use them in the development and operation of the Franchise Business during the 
term of the Franchise Agreement.  Any use or duplication of the Trade Secrets except as expressly 
permitted by the Franchise Agreement shall constitute an unfair method of competition and PDRI 
shall suffer irreparable injury from such use or duplication. 
 
ITEM 15:  OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL  
OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE BUSINESS 
 
 
Either the individual franchise owner or a designated representative, who must be approved 
by PDRI, must personally participate in franchise operations.  The designated representative of 
each franchise must have completed the full training program and manage the franchise on a full-
time basis.  The designated operator cannot have an interest in or business relationship with any 
competitor of PDRI or its franchisees and he or she must sign an agreement to maintain 
confidentiality of the trade secrets described in Item 14 and to abide by the covenants not to 
compete described in Item 17.   Additionally, each of your employees, as well as members of their 
immediate families who will have access to our Trade Secrets, are required to sign a 
Confidentiality and Non-Compete Agreement in the form attached as Exhibit D to the Franchise 
Agreement prior to hiring. 
 
 
Your business entity and all of your shareholders, partners, or members/managers (as 
applicable) must guarantee the payment of all of your monetary obligations under the Franchise 
Agreement, and ownership interests in your business entity must match the individual ownership 
percentages outlined in the Franchise Agreement.  All such personal guarantors also agree to be 
bound by the restrictions upon your activities upon transfer, termination or expiration and 
nonrenewal of the Franchise Agreement.  If you or your Principal Owner is married, then you or 
