15 
© 2025 Paul Davis Restoration, Inc. 
Franchise Agreement 
represent that Franchisee has any right to do so.  Franchisee has the sole ability and control 
to manage its employees and to make all employment decisions in operating the Franchised 
Business.  Neither this Agreement nor PDRI’s course of conduct is intended, nor may 
anything in this Agreement (nor PDRI’s course of conduct) be construed to state or imply 
that PDRI is the employer of Franchisee’s employees and/or independent contractors. You 
will have sole authority and control over the day-to-day operations of your business and 
your employees and/or independent contractors.  Franchisee agrees to be solely 
responsible for all employment decisions and to comply with all state, federal, and local 
hiring laws, including without limitation, those related to hiring, firing, training, wage and 
hour requirements, compensation, promotion, record-keeping, supervision, and discipline 
of employees, paid or unpaid, full or part-time.  At no time will Franchisee or its employees 
be deemed to be employees of PDRI or PDRI’s affiliates. 
 
 
7.2 
Signage.  Franchisee shall, if requested by PDRI, exhibit on its premises and 
display on its advertising, forms and paper products, in such places and in such format as 
PDRI may designate, a notification that the Franchised Business is owned and operated by 
a separate and independent corporation and not by PDRI. 
 
ARTICLE 8:  TRAINING PROGRAM 
 
8.1 
Training Obligation.  The Franchisee and/or Franchisee’s designated 
General Manager must satisfactorily complete the new owner training program which 
consists of: (i) up to three weeks of new owner training school conducted in Jacksonville, 
Florida or in a place designated by PDRI; (ii) up to one week of new owner field training 
conducted at the franchise location; (iii) up to two weeks of online training prior to attending 
training school; and (iv) PDRI may, at its discretion, require a three day advanced new 
owner training class in Jacksonville approximately one year after completion of new owner 
school as described in section 8.3. The Franchisee’s Job Cost Accountant must 
satisfactorily complete the job cost accountant training program which may take the form of 
up to one week of field training conducted at the franchise location or training via computer 
desktop streaming or other online courses.  The fee for the new owner training program is 
included in the Franchise Fee, provided, however, that if this franchise was acquired from 
a prior franchisee, then Franchisee shall pay the training fee set forth in Exhibit B, the 
Schedule of Additional Terms and Conditions.  The advanced training as well as all travel, 
living, and related expenses incurred by Franchisee or Franchisee's representative(s) 
during all owner training school is at Franchisee’s expense. 
 
8.2 
Paul Davis New Owner Training.  PDRI will train one (1) designated 
representative of Franchisee at the next scheduled new owner training school or at such 
other regularly scheduled school as is agreeable to both parties.  Franchisee may have one 
or more additional representatives participate in the new owner training school for an 
additional training fee of $8,000 per person.  During the new owner training school PDRI 
shall provide to Franchisee's designated representative copies of the Operations Manual 
and of the Common Software.   
 
8.3 
Phase II Training. Franchisee agrees that when the franchise has exceeded 
cumulative annual Gross Sales of $1,000,000 in any one calendar year, or as 
recommended by PDRI, the owner and/or General Manager may be asked to attend Phase 
II training in Jacksonville, Florida or as directed by PDRI. Franchisee is responsible for all 
