 
 
22 
Business Owner 
76269720\2 
E. 
NO FIDUCIARY DUTY 
Nothing in this Section or anywhere in this Agreement creates a fiduciary 
relationship between the parties, nor shall anything herein be deemed to create any 
trust duties between the parties.  No covenant shall be implied to vary or interpret the 
terms of this provision. 
10. 
INSPECTION RIGHTS 
A. 
TIMING AND SCOPE 
Franchisor and its representatives shall have the right, at any time, with or without 
notice, to monitor and observe the conduct of the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program for 
the purpose of determining compliance with the requirements of this Agreement, for 
conducting quality assurance audits which may include member surveys, and for any 
other purpose connected with the System.  Franchisor will advise Franchisee of 
operating problems it discovers as a result of such activities or other reports.  Franchise 
agrees and acknowledges that Franchisor’s representative or agent may evaluate 
Franchisee’s classes from time to time to determine whether or not the certified 
Jazzercise instructors Franchisee retains are conducting the classes consistent with 
Franchisor’s policy and procedures.  Franchisee agrees to make an audio/visual 
recording of Franchisee’s classes and provide photos and videos of Franchisee’s facility 
from time to time upon Franchisor’s request, and send such audio/visual recording or 
photos and videos to Franchisor at Franchisee’s expense. 
B. 
INSPECTIONS AND AUDITS 
(1) 
Franchisor’s representatives shall have the right at all times during normal 
business hours to confer with employees and members of the Jazzercise Dance Fitness 
Program, and to inspect and audit Franchisee’s books, records and tax returns, or such 
portions thereof as pertain to the operation of the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program.  
All such books, records and tax returns shall be kept and maintained for at least three 
(3) years after their creation at the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program or such other 
place as may be agreed to from time to time in writing by the parties.  Said records shall 
be prepared according to generally accepted accounting principles and procedures as 
may be prescribed by Franchisor.  Franchisee shall provide Franchisor with all such 
accounting information as may be requested on reporting forms submitted to 
Franchisee for completion.  Franchisee shall also submit to Franchisor current annual 
financial statements including profit and loss statements and balance sheets and such 
other reports as Franchisor may request to evaluate or compile research data on any 
aspect or aspects of Franchisee’s business.  If any such inspection or audit reveals that 
the Gross Member Enrollment Fees reported in any report or statement are less than 
the actual Gross Member Enrollment Fees ascertained by such inspection, then 
Franchisee shall immediately pay Franchisor the additional amount of Continuing Fees 
and Marketing Fees owing by reason of the understatement of Gross Member 
Enrollment Fees previously reported, together with interest as provided in Section 
10B(3) below. 
