 
 
38 
Class Owner 
76174021\2 
indemnification, “claims” means and includes all obligations, actual and consequential 
damages, losses, claims, demands, liens, reckonings, accounts and costs incurred in 
the defense of any claim (such as, by way of illustration, but not limitation, accountants’, 
attorney’s and expert witness fees, costs of investigation and proof of facts, court costs, 
other litigation expenses and travel and living expenses).  Franchisor shall have the 
right to defend any such claim against it with counsel of its own choosing.  Franchisee 
shall have no right to settle or refuse to settle any claim; Franchisor shall retain all right 
to do so.  In addition, Franchisee agrees to cooperate fully with Franchisor in any other 
claims brought by or against Franchisor. 
16. 
MISCELLANEOUS 
A. 
FORCE MAJEURE 
In the event of a natural disaster such as an earthquake, flood, hurricane or fire or a 
strike, lockout or labor controversy or the happening of any extraordinary event beyond 
the control of one of the parties which results in the inability of that party to operate or to 
provide the services contemplated by this Agreement, the obligation on the part of that 
party to operate or to provide such services shall be postponed during the period when 
such party is unable to do so; provided, however, that this provision shall not affect a 
party’s obligation to make payments required by this Agreement; and provided, further, 
that in no event shall such postponement last longer than six (6) months. 
B. 
GRAMMAR 
References to any gender in this Agreement shall include any other gender. Words in 
the singular shall include the plural and vice versa, wherever the context requires. 
C. 
INTERPRETATION 
References in the Agreement to actions, rights, decisions or options to be exercised in 
Franchisor’s discretion shall mean the sole, absolute and unfettered discretion of 
Franchisor.  When calculating the date upon which or the time within which any act is to 
be done, the date which is the reference date in calculating such period shall be 
excluded.  If the last day of such period is not a business day, the period in question 
shall end on the next business day.  The terms of this Agreement shall not be 
interpreted or construed in favor of or against any party on the ground that one party 
was the draftsman hereof. 
D. 
SECTION HEADINGS 
Section headings are for convenience of reference only and should not be construed as 
part of this Agreement nor should they limit or define the meaning of any provision 
herein. 
