 
 
14 
Associate 
76281142\2 
Franchisor nor any affiliate of Franchisor has any obligation to provide ongoing 
maintenance, repairs, upgrades or updates to any of the computer hardware or software 
used in the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program. 
B. 
RECORD KEEPING 
Franchisee must have bookkeeping and accounting services that fairly reflect any 
Gross Member Enrollment Fees and the financial results of the Jazzercise Dance Fitness 
Program, and also such procedures as may be more particularly described on The Studio. 
C. 
REQUIRED DISCLOSURE 
Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor may be required by law, regulation or 
other legal requirement, or may deem it advisable, to disclose information regarding 
Franchisee or the operation of the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program, including without 
limitation, earnings and other financial performance information.  Franchisee agrees that 
Franchisor shall be entitled to disclose such information and that Franchisor shall have 
the right to determine the extent and manner in which such disclosure will be made.  If 
Franchisor does not have the information necessary for the disclosure Franchisor 
determines it will make, Franchisee shall provide such information to Franchisor promptly 
upon Franchisor’s request. 
9. 
INSPECTION RIGHTS 
Franchisor and its representatives shall have the right, at any time, with or without 
notice, to monitor and observe the conduct of the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program for 
the purpose of determining compliance with the requirements of this Agreement, for 
conducting quality assurance audits which may include member surveys, and for any 
other purpose connected with the System.  Franchisor will advise Franchisee of operating 
problems it discovers as a result of such activities or other reports.  Franchise agrees and 
acknowledges that Franchisor’s representative or agent may evaluate Franchisee’s 
classes from time to time to determine whether or not Franchisee is conducting the 
classes consistent with Franchisor’s policy and procedures.  Franchisee agrees to make 
an audio/visual recording of Franchisee teaching a class from time to time upon 
Franchisor’s request, and send such audio/visual recording to Franchisor at Franchisee’s 
expense.  Franchisor’s representatives shall have the right at all times during normal 
business hours to confer with members of the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program. 
10. 
MARKS AND TRADE DRESS 
A. 
OWNERSHIP OF MARKS AND GOODWILL 
Franchisee’s right to use the Marks is derived solely from, and is subject to, the 
terms and conditions of this Agreement.  Such right is limited to the operation of the 
Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program in accordance with this Agreement and all mandatory 
standards, specifications and operating procedures prescribed from time to time by 
Franchisor in The Studio.  Franchisee agrees not to contest or oppose, nor to assist 
anyone else to contest or oppose, directly or indirectly, Franchisor’s affiliate’s ownership 
