 
 
76174018\1 
ADDENDUM 
TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT OF 
JAZZERCISE, INC. 
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF MARYLAND 
 
1. 
The following provisions are hereby added to Subparagraphs 1E(2)(e) and 
14B(4)(g) of the Franchise Agreement for Class Owners, Subparagraph 14B(4)(g) of the 
Franchise Agreement for Business Owners and Subparagraphs 1D(2)(d) and 13B(4)(e) 
of the Franchise Agreement for Associates: 
"The general release required as a condition of renewal, sale 
and/or assignment shall not apply to any liability under the 
Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law." 
2. 
The following sentence is hereby added to Paragraph 16J of the Franchise 
Agreement for Class Owners and the Franchise Agreement for Business Owners and to 
Paragraph 15J of the Franchise Agreement for Associates: 
“Nothing in this paragraph shall prohibit a franchisee in Maryland 
from bringing a lawsuit in Maryland for claims arising under the 
Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law, provided that 
any claims arising such law shall be brought within three (3) years 
after the grant of a franchise.” 
3. 
The following sentence is hereby added to Paragraph 16O of the Franchise 
Agreement for Class Owners and the Franchise Agreement for Business Owners, and 
to Paragraph 15N of the Franchise Agreement for Associates: 
“All representations requiring prospective franchisees to assent 
to a release, estoppel or waiver of liability are not intended to 
nor shall they act as a release, estoppel or waiver of liability 
incurred under the Maryland Franchise Registration and 
Disclosure Law.  These representations are not intended to nor 
shall they act as a release, estoppel or waiver of any liability 
incurred under the Maryland Franchise Registration and 
Disclosure Law.” 
4. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to 
by a franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise 
relationship shall have the effect of: (i) waiving any claims under any 
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement; or (ii) 
disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise 
seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision 
supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the 
franchise. 
