 
 
25 
76083974\2 
During the operation of your business, Jazzercise will furnish the following 
assistance: 
(1) 
Production of new choreographed routines which will be distributed to you 
at no cost, although Jazzercise may charge for the new routines in the future.  If you are 
only licensed to teach classes with low impact routines, you can only teach routines 
designated “low impact”.  Therefore, you might only receive new routines for low impact 
routines.  Similarly, if you are only licensed to teach children’s programs, you might only 
receive new routines for children’s programs.  Jazzercise provides new routines through 
video streaming.  You may not receive new routines at all if you are a business 
franchisee.  Jazzercise may change the medium (e.g., digital recording, Internet or other 
electronic transmission) by which it transmits new routines to you at any time, and this 
may require you to make additional expenditures for equipment to receive these 
transmissions.  Jazzercise currently makes choreography notes on its website available 
to you for download and printing.  In addition, Jazzercise may distribute audio 
recordings of songs used with routines to you or make them available through a link on 
its website, if these recordings are available to Jazzercise.  You are required to pay for 
these audio recordings as described in Item 8.  If you are in breach of your Franchise 
Agreement, we may suspend delivery of new routines to you while you are in breach.  
(See Franchise Agreements for Class Owner and Associate, Paragraph 3D, and LO 
Jazzercise and Junior Jazzercise Addenda, Paragraph 3). 
(2) 
If you are a Class Owner or a Business franchisee, provide you and your 
members with Jazzercise On Demand, a digital streaming package that members can 
purchase in person or online; we currently share revenues with you (See Franchise 
Agreements for Class Owner and Business Owner, Paragraph 4A(1)).  Jazzercise may 
change or discontinue this program at any time. 
(3) 
If you are a Class Owner or a Business franchisee, provide you and your 
members with Simply Plated., a nutrition program that members can purchase; we 
currently share revenues with you (See Franchise Agreements for Class Owner and 
Business Owner, Paragraph 4A(1)).  You are currently not required to offer this 
program, but Jazzercise has the right to require that you do so in the future.  Jazzercise 
may change or discontinue this program at any time. 
(4) 
Continuous training and supervision in the routines and in the operation of 
your business including the preparation and revision of policies and procedures on The 
Studio to assist you in all phases of your business (See Franchise Agreements for 
Class Owner and Associate, Paragraph 3D). 
(5) 
Preparation and dissemination of promotional and advertising materials for 
your use (See Franchise Agreements for Class Owner and Business Owner, Paragraph 
3D). 
(6) 
Creation and availability of a variety of materials including brochures, fliers 
and other materials for distribution to Jazzercise members (See Franchise Agreements 
for Class Owner and Business Owner, Paragraph 3D). 
