Jazzercise, Inc. 
 
Notes to Financial Statements 
 
11 
Note 2. 
Revenue Recognition (Continued) 
Identification of the contract(s) with a customer: The Company considers the terms and conditions of 
the contract, customary business practices and implied obligations to the customer in identifying contracts 
under ASC 606. The Company determines that it has a contract with a customer when the contract is 
approved, it can identify each party’s rights regarding the services to be transferred, it can identify the 
payment terms for the services, it can determine the customer has the ability and intent to pay and the 
contract has commercial substance. 
 
Identification of the performance obligations in the contract: Promised and implied performance 
obligations in a contract are identified based on the services and the products that will be transferred to 
the customer that are both capable of being distinct, whereby the customer can benefit from the service 
either on its own, and are distinct in the context of the contract, whereby the transfer of the services and 
the products is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract. If these criteria are not met, the 
promised goods or services are accounted for as a combined performance obligation. 
 
Determination of the transaction price: The transaction price is determined based on the consideration 
to which the Company will be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to the customer. 
 
Allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract: If the contract 
contains a single performance obligation, the entire transaction price is allocated to the single 
performance obligation. Contracts that contain multiple performance obligations require an allocation of 
the transaction price to each performance obligation based on a relative stand-alone selling price. 
 
Recognition of revenue when, or as, the Company satisfies a performance obligation: Revenue is 
recognized at the time the related performance obligation is satisfied by transferring the control of the 
promised goods or service to a customer. Consideration received in advance of a performance obligation 
being satisfied is recorded as deferred revenue. The Company recognizes revenue in an amount that 
reflects the consideration it expects to receive in exchange for those goods and services. The Company 
generates all its revenue from contracts with customers. 
 
Practical expedients: 
 
Portfolio contracts: The Company has elected to apply the portfolio practical expedient as all customer 
contracts have the same terms and conditions. 
 
Shipping and handling: The Company has elected to apply the practical expedient for shipping and 
handling as the Company treats fulfillment activities on all merchandise sales as Free on Board Shipping 
Point. 
 
Taxes: The Company has elected the practical expedient to exclude from transactions all sales and 
similar taxes. 
 
Principal vs. agent considerations: The Company evaluates whether it is appropriate to record the 
gross amount of insurance sales and related costs or the net amount earned as revenue. Generally, 
when the Company is primarily obligated in a transaction, is subject to risk, has latitude in establishing 
prices, or has several but not all of these indicators, revenue is recorded as the gross sales price. The 
Company generally records the net amounts as revenue earned if the Company is not primarily obligated 
and does not have latitude in establishing prices. Key indicators that the Company evaluates in 
determining gross versus net treatment include, but are not limited to: (i) which party is primarily 
responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified good or service, and (ii) which party has 
discretion in establishing the price for the specified good or service. 
 
