 
 
37 
76083974\2 
No agreements limit Jazzercise’s right to use or license the use of its copyrighted 
materials. 
Jazzercise does not know of any infringing uses that could materially affect your use of 
its copyrighted materials. 
You also receive the right to use certain of Jazzercise’s trade secrets and confidential 
information including program materials, routines, member lists, promotional materials 
and marketing and business methods.  You must provide Jazzercise with updated 
member information upon request and return all member lists to Jazzercise when the 
Franchise Agreement is terminated or expires. 
ITEM 15 
 
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL 
OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE BUSINESS 
You are the only individual authorized to conduct the Jazzercise dance fitness program.  
Some instructors are only permitted to conduct a dance fitness program consisting 
solely of low impact routines and children’s programs or consisting solely of children’s 
programs.  An instructor must be actively teaching, as periodically described by 
Jazzercise in The Studio, in order to remain a franchisee.  The minimum number of 
classes per month that an instructor must teach as of the date this Disclosure Document 
was issued is four classes per month.  Business franchisees do not act as instructors at 
all.  You may assign your franchised business to a corporation or other entity in which 
you are the owner of 100% of the outstanding shares or other ownership interest, or to a 
corporation or other entity in which you have a controlling interest and the stock or 
ownership is held by members of your immediate family or by you in trust for them.  
However, you remain the individual who is party to the Franchise Agreement and you 
(or your authorized instructor, if you are a business franchisee) must continue to be the 
sole individual conducting the dance fitness program. 
ITEM 16 
 
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT 
THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL 
Jazzercise permits you to conduct the Jazzercise dance fitness program.  Some 
instructors are only permitted to conduct a dance fitness program consisting solely of 
low impact routines and children’s programs or consisting solely of children’s programs.  
Those instructors must obtain Jazzercise’s written consent before they can teach other 
classes.  Business franchisees are not permitted to teach classes at all and must make 
arrangements with other Jazzercise instructors to do so (see Item 12). 
If you wish to do so, you may sell certain clothing, accessories and other products, 
which we make available under the Jazzercise trademarks.  You may not sell these 
products via the Internet.  You are not permitted to vary the Jazzercise program or to 
