 
 
36 
Class Owner 
76174021\2 
shall be made to (a) a person designated by the U.S. Department of Treasury's Office of 
Foreign Assets Control from time to time as a "specially designated national or blocked 
person" or similar status, (ii) a person described in Section 1 of U.S. Executive Order 
13224, issued on September 23, 2001, or (iii) a Specially Designated National or 
Blocked Person or to a person in which a Specially Designated National or Blocked 
Person has an interest. 
(7) 
Franchisor’s consent to any transfer shall not constitute a waiver of any 
claim that Franchisor may have against Franchisee or its owner(s), or of Franchisor’s 
right to demand strict compliance with this Agreement. 
(8) 
No interest in this Agreement or the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program 
shall be the subject of a lien, security interest or pledge either in favor of Franchisee as 
part of a transfer, or otherwise. 
C. 
RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL 
Franchisee shall provide Franchisor with complete information on the proposed 
transferee and terms of the transfer.  Within twenty (20) days of receipt of the complete 
information and documents by Franchisee, Franchisor will inform Franchisee: (1) 
whether it or its nominee will exercise its right of first refusal; and (2) if not, whether it 
will consent to the transfer.  In the event that Franchisor notifies Franchisee that it or its 
nominee will exercise its right of first refusal, except as provided below, Franchisor or its 
nominee will accept the transfer upon the same terms and conditions as set forth in the 
instruments and documents which embodied the proposed transfer.  Franchisor shall 
not be required, by exercise of its right of first refusal, to perform obligations of the 
proposed transferee which are merely incidental to the transfer (e.g., employment 
agreements in favor of individuals, and brokers or finders fees to be paid by the 
proposed transferee to Franchisee or to any principal of Franchisee).  Moreover, 
Franchisor or its nominee shall have not less than sixty (60) days from the delivery of 
Franchisor’s notice of exercise to consummate the transfer.  If Franchisor elects not to 
exercise its right of first refusal and consents to the proposed transferee, Franchisee 
may consummate the proposed transfer, but only upon the terms and conditions set 
forth in the notice submitted to Franchisor. 
D. 
DEATH OR DISABILITY 
(1) 
Death.  If Franchisee dies or is permanently disabled in a manner that 
prohibits operation of the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program, the Survivor shall, within 
ninety (90) days of such death or determination of permanent disability, either meet all 
of the qualifications required of franchisees or shall transfer this Agreement in 
accordance with the requirements of this Section.  This right shall be conditioned upon 
the following: 
(a) 
Franchisee’s estate securing an associate franchisee to conduct 
Franchisee’s classes until the sale is consummated.  Franchisor shall 
assist Franchisee’s estate in obtaining an associate franchisee but shall 
