 
 
4 
Associate 
76281142\2 
2. 
COMMENCEMENT OF BUSINESS 
A. 
CONDITIONS FOR COMMENCEMENT 
Franchisee shall not begin operating the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program until 
Franchisor has given its consent in writing.  Franchisee shall satisfy Franchisor’s 
conditions, including without limitation, the completion of the Initial Training Program, as 
defined below, to Franchisor’s satisfaction. 
B. 
OPENING SCHEDULE REQUIREMENTS 
Franchisee must teach Franchisee’s first class within thirty (30) days after 
becoming certified by Franchisor. 
3. 
INITIAL TRAINING AND OPERATING ASSISTANCE 
A. 
TRAINING 
(1) 
Franchisor shall furnish to Franchisee its instructor certification program 
during such period as Franchisor designates (“Initial Training Program”).  The Initial 
Training Program consists of training materials that are sent to Franchisee.  All or part of 
the Initial Training Program may be conducted remotely online. The Initial Training 
Program shall include instruction and training in physiology and fitness, choreographed 
routines, business procedures, and the conduct of Jazzercise classes.  Franchisee must 
complete the Initial Training Program within six (6) months after the date hereof to the 
sole satisfaction of Franchisor prior to conducting any class. 
(2) 
Franchisor shall have the right, during the Initial Training Program, to further 
evaluate Franchisee’s fitness to operate under this Agreement.  Franchisee shall not be 
permitted to conduct the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program until Franchisee has 
completed the Initial Training Program to Franchisor’s satisfaction.  In the event 
Franchisee fails to complete the Initial Training Program to Franchisor’s satisfaction within 
six (6) months after execution of this Agreement, Franchisor shall have the right to 
terminate this Agreement. 
(3) 
Franchisee shall not be charged an additional fee for the Initial Training 
Program. 
(4) 
Franchisor may require Franchisee to attend refresher and additional 
training courses for up to five (5) days per year.  Franchisor may also require Franchisee 
to attend additional training if Franchisor deems it necessary or appropriate.  Franchisee 
agrees and acknowledges that Franchisor may designate the location for such training. 
(5) 
Franchisee agrees and acknowledges that Franchisee shall be responsible 
either directly to Franchisor or to a representative of Franchisor to whom Franchisee shall 
report and Franchisee shall attend all Franchisor meetings and attend and complete to 
Franchisor’s satisfaction all training sessions as Franchisor may request. 
