 
 
8 
Associate 
76281142\2 
certain specially designed equipment, proprietary products, certain services and items 
used in the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program that are integral to the System may only 
be available from Franchisor or its designated supplier. 
(2) 
Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that Franchisor may in the future 
require that Franchisee must first obtain Franchisor’s approval of any products, 
equipment, supplies and services not bearing the Marks that are used in the operation of 
the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program and of the suppliers of such items. 
(3) 
Franchisee shall purchase and use audio recordings for each song used 
with each routine demonstrated on the new routine choreography supplied to Franchisee 
by Franchisor as described in Section 3D(1) above.  Franchisor shall have the right to 
contract with an independent company to service the sale and distribution of audio 
recordings.   
D. 
SPECIFICATIONS, STANDARDS AND PROCEDURES 
Franchisee acknowledges that each and every detail of the appearance, services 
offered, and other elements of trade dress in the operation of the Jazzercise Dance 
Fitness Program (“Trade Dress”) is important to Franchisor and the System.  Franchisee 
shall comply with all mandatory specifications, standards and operating procedures 
relating to (i) the type and quality of the services offered by the Jazzercise Dance Fitness 
Program; (ii) appearance of instructors; (iii) cleanliness, standards of services, and 
operation of the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program; and (iv) safety procedures and 
programs prescribed by Franchisor.  Mandatory specifications, standards, and operating 
procedures may be prescribed from time to time by Franchisor on The Studio, or 
otherwise communicated to Franchisee in writing, including without limitation, procedures 
regarding handling member complaints.  All references herein to this Agreement shall 
include all such mandatory specifications, standards, and operating procedures. 
E. 
AUTHORITY TO CONDUCT BUSINESS 
Franchisee is the only person authorized to conduct the Jazzercise Dance Fitness 
Program under this Agreement. 
F. 
SYSTEM CHANGES 
Franchisee acknowledges that the System must continue to evolve in order to 
reflect changing markets and to meet new and changing business demands, and that 
accordingly variations and additions to the System may be required from time to time in 
order to preserve and enhance the public image of the System.  Accordingly, Franchisee 
agrees that Franchisor may, from time to time, upon notice, add to, subtract from or 
otherwise modify or change Franchisee’s obligations under the System, including, without 
limitation, changes reflecting Franchisor’s adoption and use of new or modified Marks 
and services.  Franchisee agrees promptly to accept and implement all such additions, 
modifications and changes at Franchisee’s sole cost and expense.  Franchisee agrees 
and acknowledges that if Franchisee develops any component of the System which 
Franchisor permits or adopts for use in the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program, such 
