 
 
16 
Associate 
76281142\2 
Franchisee shall have no power, right, or authority to settle or compromise any such claim 
by a third party without the prior written consent of Franchisor.  Provided that Franchisee 
is in full compliance with this Agreement, Franchisor shall defend Franchisee against any 
claim by a third party against Franchisee for Franchisee’s use of the Marks and 
copyrighted material in accordance with this Agreement, using attorneys of Franchisor’s 
choosing.  Franchisor may elect to compromise or settle any such claim, at its sole 
discretion.  Franchisee agrees to cooperate fully with Franchisor in connection with any 
such defense.  Franchisee irrevocably grants Franchisor authority and power of attorney 
to defend or settle such claims, demands, suits or proceedings. 
(2) 
In the event that Franchisee receives notice or is informed or learns that 
any third party, that Franchisee believes to be unauthorized to use the Marks, is using the 
Marks or any variants thereof, or is using any of Franchisor’s or its affiliate’s copyrights, 
Franchisee shall promptly notify Franchisor.  Thereupon, Franchisor shall, in its sole 
discretion, determine whether or not it wishes to undertake any action against such third 
party on account of said person’s alleged infringement of the Marks or copyrights.  In the 
event Franchisor undertakes such action, it shall have the authority and power of attorney 
to prosecute or settle such action.  Franchisee agrees to render such assistance as 
Franchisor requires and agrees to cooperate fully with Franchisor to carry out the 
prosecution of any such action.  Franchisee shall have no right to prosecute any claim of 
any kind or nature whatsoever against such alleged infringer for or on account of said 
alleged infringement. 
E. 
DISCONTINUANCE OF USE OF TRADEMARKS 
If it becomes advisable at any time in Franchisor’s sole discretion for Franchisee 
to modify or discontinue use of any Mark or any items of Trade Dress or use one or more 
additional or substitute marks or items, Franchisee agrees to comply with Franchisor’s 
directions to modify or otherwise discontinue the use of such Mark or item of Trade Dress 
and to accept, use and display such additional marks or items of trade dress within a 
reasonable time after notice thereof by Franchisor but in no event more than thirty (30) 
days after receiving notice from Franchisor.  Franchisor shall not be obligated to 
compensate Franchisee for any costs incurred by Franchisee in connection with any such 
addition, modification or discontinuance. 
F. 
SOCIAL MEDIA POLICY 
Franchisee agrees and acknowledges that Franchisor’s on-line policy and social 
media policy are integral components of the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program.  
Franchisee agrees and acknowledges that Franchisee is obligated to comply with 
Franchisor on-line policy which is subject to change by Franchisor from time to time.  
Franchisee shall not register a domain name, create or maintain a website or electronic 
mail address utilizing the Marks or any name similar to the Marks or relating in any way 
to the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program without Franchisor’s prior written consent.  In 
the event Franchisee conducts any on-line promotional strategies, such on-line 
promotional strategies shall comply with Franchisor’s on-line policy.  Franchisee further 
agrees and acknowledges that Franchisor shall have the right to review and monitor all 
