 
 
10 
76083974\2 
7. 
You must defend Jazzercise and pay for any claims and losses to Jazzercise and 
its representatives resulting from the operation of your business, including your 
rent and performance royalties. 
8. 
If you do not pay any amount when due, you must pay a late charge, not to 
exceed the maximum rate permitted by law.  The late charge is $50.00, except 
that the late fee is $20.00 for late payments of the associate fee and insurance 
fee if you pay those on a monthly basis.  If you do not submit a report when due, 
you must pay an administrative handling fee to cover Jazzercise’s additional 
administrative expense.  The administrative handling fee is $50.00. 
9. 
If there is a lawsuit between you and Jazzercise, the prevailing party will be 
entitled to reasonable attorney’s fees and costs of suit.  If Jazzercise obtains 
injunctive relief against you because you breach the Franchise Agreement’s 
provisions concerning trade secrets or confidential information or if you do not 
comply with your obligations under the Franchise Agreement upon termination or 
expiration, you must also pay Jazzercise for its attorney’s fees and costs. 
10. 
You must pay an advertising fee to the advertising fund if and when Jazzercise 
establishes it.  Jazzercise has not established an advertising fund as of the date 
this Disclosure Document was issued.  Jazzercise may require you to contribute 
to an advertising fund administered by a third party on the third party’s platform.  
Jazzercise has not determined how much franchisees would be required to 
contribute if it does establish an advertising fund.  In addition, if Jazzercise 
decides to conduct an advertising campaign or marketing program, you may 
have to purchase sufficient amounts of advertising materials from Jazzercise or 
pay a portion of the cost of the campaign or program to Jazzercise. 
11. 
You may obtain insurance through Jazzercise or through an insurance company.  
If you choose to obtain liability coverage through Jazzercise, you may pay the 
premiums annually or monthly, and they may increase.  As of the date this 
Disclosure Document was issued, your monthly payment is $23.00 for a total 
annual insurance cost of $276.00 if you choose to pay the premiums in monthly 
installments. 
 
12. 
You must pay a technology fee if and when Jazzercise establishes it.  Jazzercise 
has not established a technology fee as of the date this Disclosure Document 
was issued. Jazzercise may require you to pay for its software program and 
support in the future. 
