 
 
76174018\1 
ADDENDUM 
TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT OF 
JAZZERCISE, INC. 
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF MINNESOTA 
Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.21 and Minnesota Rules 2860.4400(J) prohibit the 
franchisor from requiring litigation to be conducted outside Minnesota, requiring waiver 
of a jury trial, or requiring the franchisee to consent to liquidated damages, termination 
penalties or judgment notes.  In addition, nothing in the Franchise Disclosure Document 
or agreement(s) can abrogate or reduce (1) any of the franchisee's rights as provided 
for in Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C or (2) franchisee's rights to any procedure, 
forum, or remedies provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction. 
With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota law, the franchisor will comply with 
Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.14, Subd. 3-5 which require (except in certain 
specified cases) (i) that a franchisee be given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 
days to cure) and 180 days’ notice for non-renewal of the Franchise Agreement and (2) 
that consent to the transfer of the franchise will not be unreasonably withheld. 
Minnesota considers it unfair to not protect the franchisee's right to use the trademarks.  
Refer to Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.12, Subd. 1(g).  The franchisor will protect the 
franchisee's rights to use the trademarks, service marks, trade names, logotypes or 
other commercial symbols or indemnify the franchisee from any loss, costs or expenses 
arising out of any claim, suit or demand regarding the use of the name. 
Minnesota Rules 2860.4400(D) prohibits a franchisor from requiring a franchisee to 
assent to a general release. 
The franchisee cannot consent to the franchisor obtaining injunctive relief.  The 
franchisor may seek injunctive relief.  See Minn. Rules 2860.4400J.  Also, a court will 
determine if a bond is required. 
Any limitations of claims section must comply with Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.17, 
Subd. 5. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect 
of: (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the 
inducement; or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, 
franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision 
supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
Any provisions in the Franchise Agreement that constitute Acknowledgements, as 
defined in the NASAA Statement of Policy Regarding the Use of Franchise 
Questionnaires and Acknowledgements adopted on September 18, 2022 and effective 
January 1, 2023 (“SOP”), shall not apply to prospective franchisees who are subject to 
the anti-waiver provision of the Minnesota Franchises Law. 
