 
 
26 
Class Owner 
76174021\2 
other business entity, or with any other prefix, suffix or other modifying words, terms, 
designs or symbols, or in any modified form or as part of any domain name, web 
address or similar electronic use; nor may Franchisee use any of the Marks in 
connection with the sale of any unauthorized products or service or in any other manner 
not explicitly authorized in writing by Franchisor or which may, in the judgment of 
Franchisor, be in bad taste or inconsistent with Franchisor’s public image or tend to 
bring disparagement, ridicule or scorn upon Franchisor, its trade names or the goodwill 
associated therewith.  Franchisee shall not use or display, or permit the use or display, 
of the trademarks, trade names, service marks, insignias, logotypes or any other 
commercial symbols or trade dress of any other person or entity in connection with the 
Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program without the prior written consent of Franchisor, or as 
expressly permitted on The Studio. 
C. 
COPYRIGHTS 
Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor and/or its affiliate has developed, and may 
further develop during the term of this Agreement, certain artistic designs, and certain 
other word combinations and other materials designated for use by Franchisee.  
Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor and/or its affiliate retains all right, title and 
interest thereto as provided by copyright law to the originator of works and, further, that 
Franchisee is licensed to use such copyrighted materials solely in accordance with the 
terms and during the term of this Agreement.  Franchisee agrees and acknowledges 
that, if Franchisee develops any materials for use in the Jazzercise Dance Fitness 
Program that Franchisor approves, Franchisor may incorporate such materials in the 
System and the copyright for any such materials shall belong to Franchisor without any 
further action required by the parties. 
D. 
DEFENSE OF TRADEMARKS AND COPYRIGHTS 
(1) 
In the event that Franchisee receives notice or learns of a claim, suit, 
demand or proceeding against Franchisee on account of any alleged infringement, 
unfair competition, or similar matter relating to Franchisee’s use of the Marks or of any 
of Franchisor’s or its affiliate’s copyrights in accordance with the terms of this 
Agreement, Franchisee shall promptly notify Franchisor of such claim, suit, demand or 
proceeding.  Franchisee shall have no power, right, or authority to settle or compromise 
any such claim by a third party without the prior written consent of Franchisor.  Provided 
that Franchisee is in full compliance with this Agreement, Franchisor shall defend 
Franchisee against any claim by a third party against Franchisee for Franchisee’s use of 
the Marks and copyrighted material in accordance with this Agreement, using attorneys 
of Franchisor’s choosing.  Franchisor may elect to compromise or settle any such claim, 
at its sole discretion.  Franchisee agrees to cooperate fully with Franchisor in 
connection with any such defense.  Franchisee irrevocably grants Franchisor authority 
and power of attorney to defend or settle such claims, demands, suits or proceedings. 
(2) 
In the event that Franchisee receives notice or is informed or learns that 
any third party, that Franchisee believes to be unauthorized to use the Marks, is using 
the Marks or any variants thereof, or is using any of Franchisor’s or its affiliate’s 
