 
 
11 
Business Owner 
76269720\2 
times of the classes to be held by Franchisee.  Any proposal to open a location or move 
an existing location must be submitted to Franchisor at least thirty (30) days prior to the 
proposed start date of such location opening or move.  Franchisee acknowledges and 
agrees that this proposal and approval of class schedule is conducted through the 
Jazzercise Business Center, as defined below, as of the date of this Agreement and 
that Franchisor shall have the right to change the method and system for approval at 
any time.  Franchisor may condition its approval on the following: 
(a) 
the proposed location shall not cause a material diminution in the 
enrollment of existing locations in the Geographic Area, as determined by 
Franchisor based on class enrollment, the number of classes being taught 
by other existing franchisees in the Geographic Area, the population of the 
Geographic Area and its density, demographics, number of other locations 
in the Geographic Area, and the extent to which other franchisees in the 
Geographic Area are actively seeking to increase the enrollment in their 
existing classes; and 
(b) 
the proposed location having sufficient enrollment of new members not 
attending classes at other locations, as determined by Franchisor in its 
sole discretion; and 
(c) 
Franchisor’s determination that the history of class growth in the 
Geographic Area for the proposed schedule and location justifies 
approval; and 
(d) 
Franchisor’s evaluation of the performance of other franchisees operating 
in the Geographic Area; and 
(e) 
Franchisee’s retention of a certified Jazzercise instructor approved by 
Franchisor to conduct the class. 
(2) 
Franchisee shall not be precluded from enrolling a member or selling 
products to persons residing outside of Franchisee’s Geographic Area. 
(3) 
Franchisee shall cause the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program to use all 
equipment, products and services, and only those equipment, products and services, 
designated by Franchisor from time to time, and shall use such equipment, products 
and services strictly in accordance with the standards and specifications described on 
The Studio.  Franchisor may designate vendors for such equipment, products and 
services. 
(4) 
Franchisee shall at all times provide prompt, courteous, friendly and 
efficient service to all members.  Franchisee shall in all dealings with all members and 
the public, adhere to the highest standards of honesty, integrity, fair dealing and ethical 
conduct.  Franchisee agrees not to deviate from the standards, specifications and 
operating procedures set forth in this Agreement and The Studio in order to ensure 
uniformity and quality of services offered to the public under the Marks. 
