 
 
14 
Business Owner 
76269720\2 
H. 
SUPERVISION 
The Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program must be under the direct supervision of 
Franchisee. 
I. 
SYSTEM CHANGES 
Franchisee acknowledges that the System must continue to evolve in order to 
reflect changing markets and to meet new and changing business demands, and that 
accordingly variations and additions to the System may be required from time to time in 
order to preserve and enhance the public image of the System.  Accordingly, 
Franchisee agrees that Franchisor may, from time to time, upon notice, add to, subtract 
from or otherwise modify or change Franchisee’s obligations under the System, 
including, without limitation, changes reflecting Franchisor’s adoption and use of new or 
modified Marks, services, equipment and software.  Franchisee agrees promptly to 
accept and implement all such additions, modifications and changes at Franchisee’s 
sole cost and expense (e.g., changing signs, destroying or recalling advertising and 
promotional items).  Franchisee agrees and acknowledges that if Franchisee develops 
any component of the System which Franchisor permits or adopts for use in the 
Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program, such component will belong to Franchisor and 
Franchisee shall have no right or interest in such component other than a license to use 
it as part of the System pursuant to this Agreement. 
J. 
COMPLIANCE WITH LAW AND GOOD BUSINESS PRACTICES 
(1) 
Prior to beginning operations, Franchisee shall secure in Franchisee’s 
name as the owner of an independent business all required licenses, permits and 
certificates relating to Franchisee’s operation of the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program 
in the Geographic Area, including, without limitation, all permits and certificates relating 
to the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program.  Franchisee shall adhere to any applicable 
legal requirements regarding the operation of the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program.  
Franchisee acknowledges that such licenses, certificates and permits may require the 
payment of security deposits and other fees.  Franchisee shall maintain all such 
licenses, permits and certificates (and require the certified Jazzercise instructors it 
retains to maintain their respective licenses, permits and certificates) in full force and 
effect throughout the term of this Agreement.   
(2) 
Franchisee shall operate in full compliance with all applicable laws, 
ordinances and regulations, including, without limitation, such laws, ordinances and 
regulations relating to occupational hazards and health, worker’s compensation 
insurance, unemployment insurance and withholding and payment of federal and state 
income taxes and social security taxes, trade name and advertising restrictions, building 
codes and handicap access.  In particular, and not in limitation of the foregoing, 
Franchisee shall comply with all laws governing consumer data and privacy and employ 
all means to maintain the security of consumer data.  If any data security incident 
occurs, Franchisee shall notify Franchisor immediately and shall take steps to address 
and remedy such incident.  Franchisor is not obligated to remedy Franchisee’s data 
