 
 
2 
Class Owner 
76174021\2 
within the geographic area described in Exhibit “A” attached hereto (“Geographic 
Area”).  Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that Franchisee does not have any 
territorial or exclusive rights whatsoever with regards to the Geographic Area and that 
there will be other franchisees operating the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program in the 
Geographic Area.  The parties agree and acknowledge that Franchisee shall be 
responsible for, and have complete authority, responsibility, supervision and control 
over, the provision of all services performed at the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program, 
subject to Franchisor’s approval of Franchisee’s class schedule.  Subject to 
Franchisor’s approval, the non-exclusive license granted by this Agreement shall 
include the right to sell Franchisor’s approved products. 
B. 
STATUS 
Franchisee is a class owner under this Agreement.  In the event Franchisee chooses to 
change his or her status, including, but not limited to, associate or business owner, 
Franchisee shall obtain Franchisor’s prior written consent. 
C. 
SITE SELECTION PROCEDURE 
(1) 
Franchisee’s Guidelines.  Franchisor will provide Franchisee with certain 
guidelines, criteria and specifications for selection of a facility at which Franchisee shall 
conduct the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program.  The facility shall be subject to 
Franchisor’s consent. 
(2) 
Site Proposal.  If Franchisee proposes to lease a commercial facility at 
which to conduct the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program, Franchisee shall provide 
Franchisor with all relevant information concerning the proposed site which may include 
the general location and neighborhood, zoning of the site, demographic information 
about the surrounding area, traffic flow, parking, rent, size, layout, physical 
characteristics of the location, lease terms, locations of any competitors, and such other 
information as Franchisor may require and as prescribed on The Studio (defined later), 
as may be amended from time to time (collectively, “Site Proposal”).  Franchisee shall 
provide to Franchisor photos or videos of Franchisee’s proposed site upon Franchisor’s 
request.  After Franchisee submits a Site Proposal, Franchisor will decide whether to 
consent to the proposed site within thirty (30) days after it receives the Site Proposal.  
Franchisee shall obtain Franchisor’s consent to a Site Proposal within three (3) months 
after the date of this Agreement. 
(3) 
Franchisor’s Evaluation.  Franchisor may act in its sole discretion in 
determining whether to consent to a Site Proposal.  Franchisee acknowledges and 
agrees that Franchisor will not conduct any inspection of Franchisee’s facility. 
(4) 
Consent to Site.  After Franchisor has consented to the Site Proposal, it 
shall be Franchisee’s sole responsibility to obtain required approvals and permits from 
the appropriate governmental entities and to comply with local law regarding the 
securing of any permits, licenses, or other necessary governmental approvals, as 
applicable. 
