 
 
13 
Class Owner 
76174021\2 
The Studio.  Franchisor may designate vendors for such equipment, products and 
services. 
(4) 
Franchisee shall at all times provide prompt, courteous, friendly and 
efficient service to all members.  Franchisee shall in all dealings with all members and 
the public, adhere to the highest standards of honesty, integrity, fair dealing and ethical 
conduct.  Franchisee agrees not to deviate from the standards, specifications and 
operating procedures set forth in this Agreement and The Studio in order to ensure 
uniformity and quality of services offered to the public under the Marks. 
(5) 
Franchisee may, but shall not be required, to sell other related services 
made available by Franchisor from time to time; provided, however, that Franchisor may 
adopt and require Franchisee to offer new services as part of the System.  
(6) 
Franchisee may not restrict associate franchisees with respect to the 
Jazzercise locations at which they teach, including without limitation, locations outside 
of the Geographic Area.  
E. 
PURCHASE OF PRODUCTS; APPROVED SUPPLIERS 
(1) 
Franchisee shall purchase any and all products, equipment, supplies and 
services bearing the Marks that are required or used in the operation of the Jazzercise 
Dance Fitness Program only from (a) manufacturers, suppliers or distributors from time 
to time designated in writing by Franchisor, or (b) from Franchisor or Franchisor’s 
product and apparel provider (“Jazzercise Apparel”), if available.  Franchisee agrees 
and acknowledges that certain specially designed equipment, proprietary products, 
certain services and items used in the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program that are 
integral to the System may only be available from Franchisor or its designated supplier.  
Franchisee agrees and acknowledges that the prices charged for such products, 
services and items are fair and reasonable. 
(2) 
Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that Franchisor may in the future 
require that Franchisee must first obtain Franchisor’s approval of any products, 
equipment, supplies and services not bearing the Marks that are used in the operation 
of the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program and of the suppliers of such items.   
(3) 
Franchisee shall purchase and use audio recordings for each song used 
with each routine demonstrated on the new routine choreography supplied to 
Franchisee by Franchisor as described in Section 3D(1) above.  Franchisor shall have 
the right to contract with an independent company to service the sale and distribution of 
audio recordings.   
F. 
SALE OF APPAREL AND OTHER PRODUCTS 
(1) 
Franchisee may, but shall not be required to, sell as part of its Jazzercise 
Dance Fitness Program, lines of clothing and other products, including, but not limited 
to, accessories, etc., as may be made available from time to time to Franchisee by 
Franchisor and Jazzercise Apparel for sale to Franchisee’s members.  Franchisor shall 
