 
 
11 
Associate 
76281142\2 
shall not make copies of such information or divulge such information to any other person.  
Franchisee shall require any other person involved in Franchisee’s Jazzercise Dance 
Fitness Program who will have access to any confidential information or Trade Secrets to 
sign a confidentiality agreement in a form acceptable to Franchisor. 
7. 
FEES 
A. 
INITIAL FRANCHISE FEE 
Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor a non-refundable initial franchise fee of One 
Thousand Two Hundred Fifty Dollars ($1,250.00), payable as follows: 
(i) 
at least Fifty Percent (50%) on the Monday prior to the Initial Training 
Program; and 
(ii) 
the remaining balance, if any, via automatic payment deduction thirty (30) 
days after Franchisee completes the Initial Training Program. 
If Franchisee elects not to attend the Initial Training Program, fails to complete the 
audition for the Initial Training Program to Franchisor’s satisfaction, or fails to complete 
the Initial Training Program to Franchisor’s satisfaction, this Agreement shall terminate 
and Franchisor shall refund the initial franchise fee to Franchisee less Two Hundred Fifty 
Dollars ($250.00).  Except as provided above, the initial franchise fee is fully earned 
immediately upon payment and is non-refundable. 
B. 
ASSOCIATE FEE 
Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor an associate fee equal to either One Hundred 
Thirty Dollars ($130.00) per annum if paid in full on November 1 of each year during the 
Term or Thirteen Dollars ($13.00) per month if paid monthly (“Associate Fee”).  
Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that this Associate Fee may be increased at any 
time and from time to time during the term of this Agreement up to an aggregate amount 
of Three Hundred Dollars ($300.00) per annum and that the Associate Fee may be higher 
if paid monthly rather than in one lump sum (but in no event higher than the maximum 
aggregate amount stated herein).  In addition to the Associate Fee, if Franchisee teaches 
any temporary classes, Franchisee must pay to Franchisor ten percent (10%) of Gross 
Member Enrollment Fees for any Junior Jazzercise or Personal Touch classes or twenty 
percent (20%) of Gross Member Enrollment Fees for all other classes, including corporate 
classes, which Franchisee must pay to Franchisor within five (5) days following the end 
of the calendar month in which Franchisee taught such temporary classes.  “Gross 
Member Enrollment Fees” means any and all amounts paid by members with respect 
to the classes, but exclusive of sales and other taxes collected from such members.  
Neither the Associate Fee nor any other fees payable under this section are refundable 
under any circumstances including, without limitation, in the event Franchisee changes 
status or resigns. 
