 
 
42 
Class Owner 
76174021\2 
identification of the specific provisions that the other party has breached, documentary 
evidence of the facts alleged by the complaining party and a declaration under penalty 
of perjury that all facts stated in the claim and documentation are true and correct and 
do not fail to state facts known to the complaining party that are material to the 
determination of the Dispute.  The parties agree that any and all Disputes that are 
submitted to arbitration in accordance with this Agreement shall be decided by one (1) 
neutral arbitrator who is a retired judge or attorney who is experienced in commercial 
transactions.  If the parties are unable to agree on an arbitrator, AAA shall designate the 
arbitrator.  The parties will cooperate with AAA and with one another in selecting the 
arbitrator and in scheduling the arbitration proceedings in accordance with applicable 
AAA procedures.  Any award issued as a result of such arbitration shall be final and 
binding and shall be enforceable by any court having jurisdiction over the party against 
whom enforcement is sought.  The parties expressly acknowledge and understand that 
by entering into this Agreement, they each are waiving their respective rights to have 
any Dispute between the parties hereto adjudicated by a jury. 
(4) 
The parties recognize that their relationship is unique and that each 
franchisee is situated differently from all other franchisees, and that no one franchisee 
can adequately represent the interest of others.  Therefore, the parties agree that any 
arbitration, suit, action or other legal proceeding shall be conducted and resolved on an 
individual basis only and not on a class-wide, multiple plaintiff, consolidated or similar 
basis. 
(5) 
The prevailing party in any legal proceeding will be entitled to recover as 
an element of such party’s cost of arbitration, suit or proceeding, and not as damages, 
reasonable attorney’s fees to be fixed by the arbitrator or by the court.  Nothing in this 
Agreement shall be construed as limiting or precluding either party from bringing any 
action in any court of competent jurisdiction for injunctive or other extraordinary relief, 
without the necessity of posting a bond (and if bond shall nevertheless be required, the 
parties agree that the sum of One Hundred Dollars ($100.00) shall be sufficient bond), 
in connection with the Marks, Trade Dress, Proprietary Information or Trade Secrets.  
The parties shall have the immediate right to seek such injunctive or other extraordinary 
relief at any time, including without limitation, during the pendency of an arbitration or 
other proceeding.  This covenant shall be independent, severable and enforceable 
notwithstanding any other rights or remedies which such party may have.  
K. 
RELATIONSHIP OF PARTIES 
(1) 
Nothing herein contained shall be deemed or construed to create the 
relationship of principal and agent, partnership, joint venture or employment, or a 
fiduciary relationship, and neither party shall hold itself out as an agent, legal 
representative, partner, subsidiary, joint venturer, servant or employee of the other party 
or its affiliate.  With respect to all matters pertaining to the operation of the business 
conducted hereunder, Franchisee is, and shall be, an independent contractor.  Neither 
Franchisor nor Franchisee has the right to bind or obligate the other to any obligations 
or debts. 
