 
 
28 
Associate 
76281142\2 
If given to Franchisor: 
Jazzercise, Inc. 
2460 Impala Drive 
Carlsbad, CA 92010 
Telephone: (760) 602-7189 
Attn: Clarissa Zulick 
Email:  czulick@jazzercise.com 
If given to Franchisee: 
As listed in The Studio 
Any notice sent by certified mail will be deemed to have been given three (3) days after 
the date on which it is mailed.  All other notices will be deemed given when sent if sent 
by e-mail or personal delivery, and one (1) business day after being sent by overnight 
mail.  No objection may be made to the manner of delivery of any notice actually 
received in writing by an authorized agent of a party. 
I. 
ENTIRE AGREEMENT; MODIFICATION 
This Agreement, any documents executed contemporaneously herewith which 
expressly reference this Agreement and any documents referred to herein constitute and 
contain the entire Agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to the subject 
matter hereof. There are no representations, undertakings, agreements, terms, or 
conditions not contained or referred to herein; provided, however, that nothing in this 
Agreement is intended to disclaim the representations made in the Franchise Disclosure 
Document furnished to Franchisee.  This Agreement supersedes and extinguishes any 
prior written agreement between the parties or any of them relating to the subject matter 
hereof, provided that it shall not abrogate, impair, release or extinguish any debt, 
obligation or liability otherwise existing between the parties.  This Agreement may not be 
modified or amended except by a written amendment executed by both parties. 
J. 
CONTROLLING LAW; DISPUTE RESOLUTION; ATTORNEYS’ FEES 
AND EQUITABLE RELIEF 
(1) 
This Agreement, including all matters relating to the validity, construction, 
performance, and enforcement thereof, shall be governed by the laws of California 
without giving effect to its provision regarding choice of laws; provided, however, that the 
Lanham Act (15 U.S.C. 1051 et seq.), shall also apply to the provisions concerning the 
Marks.  Nothing in this section is intended, or shall be deemed, to make the California 
Franchise Investment Law or the California Franchise Relations Act or any other law 
apply to this Agreement, or the transactions or relationships contemplated hereby, if such 
law would not otherwise be applicable. 
(2) 
Except as provided in subsection (5) below, upon the occurrence of any 
dispute or disagreement between the parties hereto arising out of or in connection with 
any term or provision of this Agreement, the subject matter hereof, or the interpretation 
