 
 
7 
Business Owner 
76269720\2 
(1) 
The rendering of assistance, guidance and instruction in initiating and 
promoting the use of facilities and the development of classes; 
(2) 
The rendering of instruction and assistance in Jazzercise business 
accounting, record keeping and the general operation of Franchisee’s business; and 
(3) 
The production and dissemination of teaching materials, routines, policies, 
guidelines and forms necessary to aid Franchisee in operating Franchisee’s business. 
Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor disseminates information including policies 
and other materials solely via The Studio, as defined below, and as of the date of this 
Agreement, such materials are only available via The Studio. 
C. 
THE STUDIO 
Franchisor will provide to Franchisee for use during the term of this Agreement 
access to Franchisor’s proprietary franchise portal that provides operating policies and 
procedures, announcements, ongoing training, marketing materials, a forum for 
franchisee discussions and a learning management system, and is available 
electronically on the portion of Franchisor’s website designated for franchisees (“The 
Studio”).  Franchisee shall comply with all such specifications, standards, operating 
procedures and rules prescribed from time to time on The Studio, or otherwise 
communicated to Franchisee in writing.  The Studio shall be kept confidential by 
Franchisee.  Franchisee will not at any time copy any part of The Studio, disclose any 
information contained in it to others or permit others access to them.  Franchisee 
acknowledges and agrees that The Studio may be modified from time to time or 
replaced to change the content and to reflect changes in the standards of authorized 
services or the System, including, without limitation, modification of the name of The 
Studio.  All modifications to The Studio shall be binding upon Franchisee upon being 
uploaded to Franchisor’s website.  Franchisee agrees to accept, implement and adopt 
any such modifications at Franchisee’s own cost.  The Studio will contain proprietary 
information belonging to Franchisor and Franchisee acknowledges that The Studio is, 
and shall remain, the property of Franchisor.  Franchisee understands and agrees that it 
is of substantial value to Franchisor and other franchisees of Franchisor, as well as to 
Franchisee, that the System establish and maintain a common identity.  Franchisee 
agrees and acknowledges that full compliance with each and every detail of the System 
and The Studio is essential to preserve, maintain and enhance the reputation, trade 
demand and goodwill of the System and the Marks and that failure of Franchisee to 
operate the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program in accordance with the System and The 
Studio can cause damage to all of the other parties described above, as well as to 
Franchisee. 
D. 
PERIODIC ADVICE AND CONSULTATION 
Franchisor currently provides the following additional and on-going services: 
