 
 
2 
Business Owner 
76269720\2 
1. 
GRANT OF RIGHTS 
A. 
NON-EXCLUSIVE LICENSE 
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Franchisor hereby grants 
to Franchisee, and Franchisee accepts, a non-exclusive license to use the Marks and 
the System solely in the operation of the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program at one (1) 
or more locations to be determined pursuant to the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement within the geographic area described in Exhibit “A” attached hereto 
(“Geographic Area”).  Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that Franchisee does not 
have any territorial or exclusive rights whatsoever with regards to the Geographic Area 
and that there will be other franchisees operating the Jazzercise Dance Fitness 
Program in the Geographic Area.  The parties agree and acknowledge that Franchisee 
shall be responsible for, and have complete authority, responsibility, supervision and 
control over, the provision of all services performed at the Jazzercise Dance Fitness 
Program, subject to Franchisor’s approval of Franchisee’s class schedule.  Subject to 
Franchisor’s approval, the non-exclusive license granted by this Agreement shall 
include the right to sell Franchisor’s approved products. 
B. 
STATUS 
Franchisee is a business owner under this Agreement.  Business owners are 
franchisees who own classes but are not certified Jazzercise instructors themselves.  
They retain the services of associate franchisees to teach classes.  In the event 
Franchisee chooses to change his or her status, including, but not limited to, a class 
owner, or associate, Franchisee shall obtain Franchisor’s prior written consent.  
Franchisee may only change status to a class owner who is authorized to instruct 
Jazzercise classes if Franchisee meets Franchisor's then-current requirements for such 
class owners, and if Franchisor has given its prior written consent which may be 
withheld by Franchisor in its sole subjective discretion.  Franchisee acknowledges and 
agrees that Franchisor may require Franchisee to attend and complete to Franchisor’s 
satisfaction Jazzercise’s initial training program or portions thereof, as determined by 
Franchisor as one of the conditions to consenting to such change of status and to 
comply with all other requirements for status change set forth in this Agreement. 
C. 
SITE SELECTION PROCEDURE 
(1) 
Franchisee’s Guidelines.  Franchisor will provide Franchisee with certain 
guidelines, criteria and specifications for selection of a facility at which Franchisee shall 
conduct the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program.  The facility shall be subject to 
Franchisor’s consent. 
(2) 
Site Proposal.  If Franchisee proposes to lease a commercial facility at 
which to conduct the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program, Franchisee shall provide 
Franchisor with all relevant information concerning the proposed site which may include 
the general location and neighborhood, zoning of the site, demographic information 
about the surrounding area, traffic flow, parking, rent, size, layout, physical 
