 
 
15 
Class Owner 
76174021\2 
the appearance, color, indicia and signage of the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program 
premises; (iii) appearance of employees; (iv) cleanliness, standards of services, and 
operation of the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program; (v) submission of requests for 
approval of materials, supplies, distributors and suppliers; and (vi) safety procedures 
and programs prescribed by Franchisor.  Franchisee also agrees to use all equipment, 
signage and services as have been approved for the System from time to time by 
Franchisor.  Mandatory specifications, standards, and operating procedures may be 
prescribed from time to time by Franchisor on The Studio, or otherwise communicated 
to Franchisee in writing, including without limitation, procedures regarding handling 
member complaints.  All references herein to this Agreement shall include all such 
mandatory specifications, standards, and operating procedures. 
H. 
SUPERVISION 
The Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program must be under the direct supervision of 
Franchisee. 
I. 
SYSTEM CHANGES 
Franchisee acknowledges that the System must continue to evolve in order to reflect 
changing markets and to meet new and changing business demands, and that 
accordingly variations and additions to the System may be required from time to time in 
order to preserve and enhance the public image of the System.  Accordingly, 
Franchisee agrees that Franchisor may, from time to time, upon notice, add to, subtract 
from or otherwise modify or change Franchisee’s obligations under the System, 
including, without limitation, changes reflecting Franchisor’s adoption and use of new or 
modified Marks, services, equipment and software.  Franchisee agrees promptly to 
accept and implement all such additions, modifications and changes at Franchisee’s 
sole cost and expense (e.g., changing signs, destroying or recalling advertising and 
promotional items).  Franchisee agrees and acknowledges that if Franchisee develops 
any component of the System which Franchisor permits or adopts for use in the 
Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program, such component will belong to Franchisor and 
Franchisee shall have no right or interest in such component other than a license to use 
it as part of the System pursuant to this Agreement. 
J. 
COMPLIANCE WITH LAW AND GOOD BUSINESS PRACTICES 
(1) 
Prior to beginning operations, Franchisee shall secure in Franchisee’s 
name as the owner of an independent business all required licenses, permits and 
certificates relating to Franchisee’s operation of the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program 
in the Geographic Area, including, without limitation, all permits and certificates relating 
to the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program.  Franchisee shall adhere to any applicable 
legal requirements regarding the operation of the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program.  
Franchisee acknowledges that such licenses, certificates and permits may require the 
payment of security deposits and other fees.  Franchisee shall maintain all such 
licenses, permits and certificates (and require the certified Jazzercise instructors it 
