 
 
15 
76083974\2 
complete initial training.  You also have the option to pay this fee in one lump 
sum by the Monday before your initial training.  See Item 5 for details on eligibility 
for reduced initial fees and for the conditions under which the initial franchise fee 
is refundable. 
2. 
This figure includes the cost of your annual premium for liability insurance 
coverage which may be obtained through Jazzercise at a current charge that 
Jazzercise estimates will range from $245.00 to $345.00 (but may be higher), or 
through an insurance company.  As of the date this Disclosure Document was 
issued, the premium is $245.00 prospectively for the subsequent 12 months if 
you pay in one lump sum on November 1st or $23.00 per month for a total of 
$276.00 if you pay in monthly payments. If you become a franchisee part way 
through the year, you may pay a pro-rated portion of the annual premium.  If you 
obtain liability coverage through Jazzercise, your premium payment is non-
refundable.  If you obtain liability coverage through an insurance company, the 
refundability of your premium payment will depend on your agreement with that 
company. See Item 8 for details of the coverage required. 
3. 
You are currently required to purchase a wireless microphone before beginning 
to conduct classes, and fitness equipment including bands and weights.  You 
may use your mobile device as your audio player.  Renting a facility requires 
extra equipment like stage lights, speakers, a mixer and a power amplifier.  
Currently, Jazzercise provides the new routines through a video streaming 
platform.  Jazzercise may change the medium (e.g., digital recording, Internet or 
other electronic transmission) by which it transmits new routines to you at any 
time, and this may require you to make additional expenditures for equipment to 
receive these transmissions, such as a computer system that can download 
music and video files.  You must also purchase a stage if none is available to you 
at the facility.  You must also acquire a computer system that has the capabilities 
described in Item 11.  The refundability of the amounts you pay to purchase 
these items depends on the agreement between you and the supplier. 
4. 
You must purchase audio recordings of each song used with each new routine.  
This amount reflects our estimates of the amount you may need to spend on 
audio recordings before opening.  You should anticipate purchasing audio 
recordings monthly at a current annual cost of approximately $200.00 to $300.00.  
The refundability of these payments depends upon the agreement between you 
and your supplier.  See Item 8 for details. 
5. 
You are required to obtain promotional merchandise.  Promotional material costs, 
if any, are included in the estimated cost in this category – Marketing and 
Advertising.  In general, payment for these items is not refundable. 
6. 
This amount includes costs of lease deposits.  If you choose to lease a 
commercial facility on your own, either alone or with other franchisees, you will 
need approximately 1,200 square feet for a small facility and approximately 3,000 
square feet for a large facility, and you can expect to be charged current market 
