 
 
24 
76083974\2 
grant you access to The Studio.  The Studio is Jazzercise’s proprietary franchise portal 
that provides operating policies and procedures, announcements, ongoing training, 
marketing materials, a forum for franchisee discussions and a learning management 
system.  The Studio is Jazzercise’s online version of an operating manual that includes 
videos.  Jazzercise will notify you of updates to The Studio via the Jazzercise website 
while you are a franchisee (See Franchise Agreement, Paragraph 3C).  Any changes to 
The Studio will not materially alter your fundamental rights under the Franchise 
Agreement.  A copy of The Studio Navigation current as of our last fiscal year end is 
attached as Exhibit G to this Disclosure Document.  Exhibit G also includes the number 
of pages in The Studio devoted to each subject and the total number of pages.  The 
total number of pages/videos in The Studio is 662. 
(8) 
Evaluation of your proposal to open a new location (See Franchise 
Agreements for Class Owner and Business Owner, Paragraph 4D).  As of March 2024, 
the process was as follows:  You must submit a proposal at least 30 days before your 
proposed opening of a new location, closing of a location or transfer to a new location.  
In general, the factors which Jazzercise may consider are whether there are other 
locations in the same geographic area at or near the same days and times, whether 
classes are at capacity, member demand and the need for additional locations in an 
area.  Jazzercise may change this process and the criteria for approval of new locations 
at any time.  These criteria currently may include: 
(a) 
The proposed location may not cause a material diminution in the 
enrollment of existing classes in your territory or at the facility.  Jazzercise will consider 
the number and the type of existing Jazzercise classes being taught by existing 
franchisees in the territory, the population of the territory and its density, demographics, 
the number of locations available to franchisees within the territory and the extent to 
which franchisees in the territory are actively seeking to increase the enrollment in their 
existing locations; 
(b) 
The proposed location has a sufficient enrollment of new members 
not attending other Jazzercise locations; 
(c) 
Jazzercise determines that the history of class growth in the 
territory and for the proposed schedule and location justifies the approval of an 
additional class; and 
(d) 
Jazzercise’s evaluation of the performance of franchisees currently 
operating in the territory. 
The typical length of time between the earlier of the signing the Franchise 
Agreement or the first payment of consideration for the franchise and opening a location 
for classes is six weeks to six months.  The factors that may affect this time period 
include your ability to locate a facility for your classes, your availability for training and 
the delivery of teaching equipment for your class. 
