 
 
19 
Class Owner 
76174021\2 
 
C. 
RETURNING FRANCHISEE FEE 
If Franchisee was formerly a franchisee who previously resigned and wishes to become 
a franchisee again within twelve (12) months of resigning, Franchisee must submit a 
movement screening video to Franchisor for Franchisor’s review.  If Franchisor, in its 
sole discretion, agrees to permit Franchisee to become a franchisee again, Franchisee 
shall pay a fee of Two Hundred Fifty Dollars ($250.00).  Franchisee shall also sign 
Franchisor’s then-current Franchise Agreement. 
D. 
RECERTIFICATION FEE 
In the event Franchisee was formerly a franchisee of Franchisor who resigned, and 
Franchisor, in its sole discretion, agrees to permit Franchisee to become a Jazzercise 
instructor again more than twelve (12) months after Franchisee’s resignation, 
Franchisee shall pay a fee of Six Hundred Twenty-Five Dollars ($625.00), payable as 
follows: 
(1) 
at least Fifty Percent (50%) on the Monday prior to the Initial Training 
Program; and 
(2) 
the remaining balance, if any, via automatic payment deduction thirty (30) 
days after Franchisee completes the Initial Training Program. 
Franchisee shall also sign Franchisor’s then-current Franchise Agreement and attend 
and complete the Initial Training Program to Franchisor’s satisfaction.  The 
recertification fee is fully earned immediately upon payment and is non-refundable. 
E. 
MARKETING FEE 
Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that Franchisor shall have the right to establish a 
marketing fund (“Marketing Fund”) to which Franchisee will be required to contribute 
an amount to be designated by Franchisor (“Marketing Fee”).  Franchisor may arrange 
with a third party to administer the Marketing Fund. 
F. 
PERFORMANCE ROYALTIES 
Franchisee may, under copyright law, be required to pay certain performance royalties 
for the use of music.  In the event payment is required, Franchisor reserves the right to 
contract for the payment of these royalties on behalf of Franchisee.  The cost to 
Franchisee is based upon the contractual agreement between Franchisor and 
performing licensing organizations and the range of the number of each franchisee’s 
members.  Upon collection of the proportionate sums due from franchisees, Franchisor 
shall hold Franchisee harmless from any claims for the specific royalties charged to and 
paid for by Franchisee. 
