 
 
13 
Associate 
76281142\2 
to accept such payments after they are due or a commitment to extend credit to, or 
otherwise finance such amounts. 
G. 
NO WITHHOLDING OF PAYMENT 
Franchisee agrees that Franchisee will not, on the grounds of the alleged 
nonperformance by Franchisor of any of its obligations hereunder or for any other reason 
whatsoever, withhold payment of any amounts due, nor shall Franchisee have any right 
of offset. 
H. 
APPLICATION OF PAYMENTS; RIGHT OF OFFSET 
Notwithstanding any designation by Franchisee, Franchisor shall have discretion 
to apply any payments by Franchisee to any indebtedness of Franchisee.  In addition, 
Franchisor shall have the right to offset any amounts due to it or its affiliates against any 
amounts to be paid to Franchisee. 
I. 
TAXES 
In the event Franchisee is required by local law to withhold or deduct any tax on 
behalf of Franchisor from any amount payable to Franchisor under this Agreement, 
Franchisee shall increase the payment made to Franchisor by that amount and shall 
provide Franchisor with (1) documentation showing that Franchisor is being taxed at the 
lowest rate allowed under local law, and (2) written receipts from the appropriate taxing 
authority certifying that payments have been made on Franchisor’s behalf at the rates 
previously communicated to Franchisor. 
8. 
REPORTING AND RECORD KEEPING 
A. 
SOFTWARE  
Franchisee shall use Franchisor’s proprietary software as follows: 
(1) 
The Jazzercise Business Center; 
(2) 
Glofox, a third party studio management platform to manage customer 
registration and attendance, and tickets;  
(3) 
The Studio; and 
(4) 
The Routines Database, a proprietary system for the streaming of videos of 
Jazzercise choreographed routines, choreography notes and teaching tips. 
Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that: (a) Franchisor shall have the right to change 
or modify the required software and to charge a fee in the future; (b) Franchisor may 
replace this software with its own or a third party software; (c) Franchisor may require that 
it have independent access to the information on Franchisee’s computer system, 
including, without limitation, the right to download any information; and (d) neither 
