 
 
6 
76083974\2 
ITEM 4 
 
BANKRUPTCY 
No bankruptcy information is required to be disclosed in this Item. 
ITEM 5 
 
INITIAL FEES 
Except as described below, all franchisees, including franchisees in foreign countries, 
pay an initial franchise fee of $1,250.  If you have been an employee of Jazzercise for at 
least 90 days and you also become a franchisee who owns classes, your initial 
franchise fee is $625.00.  If you resign but are reinstated more than 12 months later, 
you pay a recertification fee of $625.00.  If you resign but are reinstated within 12 
months, you pay a returning franchise fee of $250.00.  Business owner franchisees do 
not have the option of reinstatement. 
You must pay at least 50% of the initial franchise fee or recertification fee by the 
Monday before initial training, and the remaining balance, if any, will be automatically 
debited 30 days after you complete initial training.  However, you also have the option to 
pay the entire initial franchise fee or recertification fee by the Monday before initial 
training.  If you are a franchisee who resigned but are reinstated within 12 months, you 
must pay the returning franchise fee in one lump sum when you sign the Franchise 
Agreement. 
Jazzercise may periodically offer promotions on the initial franchisee fee.  As of the date 
this Disclosure Document was issued, Jazzercise is offering a gift program.  Existing 
franchisees receive one franchise gift every five years that they have been Jazzercise 
franchisees that they can give to a new franchisee.  The new franchisee who receives 
the franchise gift does not have to pay an initial franchise fee.  There may be other 
discount programs that Jazzercise offers.  Jazzercise may discontinue or change this 
and any other discounts at any time. 
Business owner franchisees and franchisees who are licensed to conduct a dance 
fitness program consisting solely of low impact formats and children’s programs or 
solely of children’s programs pay the same initial franchise fee as instructors who also 
teach high intensity formats. 
If a sales tax, use tax or similar tax is imposed on Jazzercise as a result of your 
payment of the initial franchise fee or another fee, you must pay the amount of such tax 
to Jazzercise. 
The initial franchise fee is not refundable except as described below.  If you decide not 
to attend initial training, fail the audition, or fail to complete initial training to our 
satisfaction, we can terminate your Franchise Agreement, and we will refund your initial 
franchise fee, less an amount that is $250.00 as of the date this Disclosure Document 
was issued but that may increase in the future. 
