 
 
27 
76083974\2 
Agreements for Class Owner and Business Owner, Paragraph 10 and Franchise 
Agreement for Associate, Paragraph 9). 
(16) 
Providing a proprietary computer software program, a third party computer 
software program or other web-based system for member management and 
registration, for which you may be charged a fee (see Franchise Agreements for Class 
Owner and Business Owner, Paragraph 8B). 
Advertising 
Jazzercise disseminates advertising and conducts promotions, and may require you to 
participate in or contribute to a marketing program or advertising campaign.  These 
programs and campaigns may involve gift certificates or discounts that are provided to 
members.  Jazzercise may also establish an advertising fund.  If it does so, you must 
contribute to it.  Jazzercise has not established an advertising fund as of the date this 
Disclosure Document was issued.  It has not determined how much franchisees would 
be required to contribute if it does establish an advertising fund.  If it establishes an 
advertising fund, Jazzercise may make financial reports of the advertising fund available 
to you upon reasonable request.  You may request a copy of Jazzercise’s financial 
report that Jazzercise has prepared for the advertising fund (if and when Jazzercise 
establishes an advertising fund) by sending a written request to Jazzercise.  Jazzercise 
may advertise in all types of media - print, radio, television - on a local, regional or 
national basis.  Jazzercise provides you with promotional and advertising materials that 
it develops for your use.  Jazzercise develops its advertising in its in-house marketing 
department.  Jazzercise may periodically consult with an advertising agency.  In 
addition, Jazzercise may provide sales training or other material to assist you in selling 
Jazzercise Apparel merchandise.  If Jazzercise provides sales training and materials to 
you, it may transmit them by various means including via digital recording, Internet or 
other electronic transmission. 
As of the date this Disclosure Document was issued, a digital marketing agency called 
OneTouchPoint (OTP) (formerly BlueWater) hosts a repository marketing materials, 
digital ads, access to order print and collateral materials, access to digital advertising, 
and an optional email platform.  As of the date this Disclosure Document was issued, 
there is a base subscription fee of $15 for class owner and business owner franchisees 
and an additional monthly fee of $25 if you sign up for the email program. There is also 
an additional, optional pay-per-click plan that class owners can purchase. You are not 
required to use these services as of the date this Disclosure Document was issued.  We 
may change the agency that we authorize to provide marketing services at any time. If 
you are a class owner or business franchisee, we may require you to use these types of 
marketing services in the future at a cost to you. 
You may only use advertising materials, including advertising copy mailers, handouts 
and flyers, that Jazzercise provides to you.  You may not participate in any benefits or 
promotional events unless they are approved by Jazzercise.  Jazzercise’s approval 
must be in writing. 
