 
 
39 
Business Owner 
76269720\2 
experienced in commercial transactions.  If the parties are unable to select the mediator 
within ten (10) business days after receipt of the mediation notice by AAA, then AAA 
shall designate the mediator.  The parties covenant that they will (i) participate in the 
mediation in good faith, (ii) share equally in the costs of the mediator and AAA 
administrative costs, and (iii) pay in advance the estimated fees and costs of the 
mediation, as may be specified in advance by the mediator.  All offers, promises, 
conduct and statements, whether oral or written, made in the course of the mediation by 
any of the parties, their respective agents, employees, experts and attorneys, and by 
the mediator and any AAA employees, are confidential, privileged and inadmissible for 
any purpose, including without limitation, impeachment, in any reference, arbitration, 
litigation or other proceeding involving the parties; provided, however, that evidence that 
is otherwise admissible or discoverable shall not be rendered inadmissible or non-
discoverable as a result of its use in the mediation.  In the event it is necessary, any 
party may file a motion in a court of competent jurisdiction to compel the other party to 
participate in the mediation and the prevailing party shall be awarded its costs and 
expenses, including reasonable attorney’s fees in connection with such motion.  If the 
Dispute is not resolved within ten (10) business days after the first mediation session, 
either party may (a) give written notice to AAA and the other party that the mediation is 
terminated and (b) submit any remaining Disputes to binding arbitration pursuant to 
Section 16J(3) below.  
(3) 
If the parties are unable to resolve the Dispute pursuant to subsection 
16J(2) above, then the parties may submit the Dispute to final and binding arbitration in, 
the city in which Franchisor’s headquarters is then located, administered by AAA, or its 
successor, in accordance with the rules and procedures of AAA then in effect.  Any 
party may commence the arbitration process by filing a written demand for arbitration 
with AAA, with a copy to the other party.  The party seeking arbitration must submit the 
following in addition to any demand or filing required by AAA:  a full and specific 
description of the claim(s) under this Agreement including without limitation an 
identification of the specific provisions that the other party has breached, documentary 
evidence of the facts alleged by the complaining party and a declaration under penalty 
of perjury that all facts stated in the claim and documentation are true and correct and 
do not fail to state facts known to the complaining party that are material to the 
determination of the Dispute.  The parties agree that any and all Disputes that are 
submitted to arbitration in accordance with this Agreement shall be decided by one (1) 
neutral arbitrator who is a retired judge or attorney who is experienced in commercial 
transactions.  If the parties are unable to agree on an arbitrator, AAA shall designate the 
arbitrator.  The parties will cooperate with AAA and with one another in selecting the 
arbitrator and in scheduling the arbitration proceedings in accordance with applicable 
AAA procedures.  Any award issued as a result of such arbitration shall be final and 
binding and shall be enforceable by any court having jurisdiction over the party against 
whom enforcement is sought.  The parties expressly acknowledge and understand that 
by entering into this Agreement, they each are waiving their respective rights to have 
any Dispute between the parties hereto adjudicated by a jury. 
(4) 
The parties recognize that their relationship is unique and that each 
franchisee is situated differently from all other franchisees, and that no one franchisee 
