 
 
12 
Business Owner 
76269720\2 
(5) 
Franchisee may, but shall not be required, to sell other related services 
made available by Franchisor from time to time; provided, however, that Franchisor may 
adopt and require Franchisee to offer new services as part of the System.   
(6) 
Franchisee may not restrict associate franchisees with respect to the 
Jazzercise locations at which they teach, including without limitation, locations outside 
of the Geographic Area. 
E. 
PURCHASE OF PRODUCTS; APPROVED SUPPLIERS 
(1) 
Franchisee shall purchase any and all products, equipment, supplies and 
services bearing the Marks that are required or used in the operation of the Jazzercise 
Dance Fitness Program only from (a) manufacturers, suppliers or distributors from time 
to time designated in writing by Franchisor, or (b) from Franchisor or Franchisor’s 
product and apparel provider (“Jazzercise Apparel”), if available.  Franchisee agrees 
and acknowledges that certain specially designed equipment, proprietary products, 
certain services and items used in the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program that are 
integral to the System may only be available from Franchisor or its designated supplier. 
Franchisee agrees and acknowledges that the prices charged for such products, 
services and items are fair and reasonable.  
(2) 
Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that Franchisor may in the future 
require that Franchisee must first obtain Franchisor’s approval of any products, 
equipment, supplies and services not bearing the Marks that are used in the operation 
of the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program and of the suppliers of such items.   
F. 
SALE OF APPAREL AND OTHER PRODUCTS 
(1) 
Franchisee may, but shall not be required to, sell as part of its Jazzercise 
Dance Fitness Program, lines of clothing and other products, including, but not limited 
to, accessories, etc., as may be made available from time to time to Franchisee by 
Franchisor and Jazzercise Apparel for sale to Franchisee’s members.  Franchisor shall 
provide, from time to time, its price list showing the cost of such merchandise to 
Franchisee and the suggested retail price.  If Franchisee elects to sell such products, 
Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor, or Jazzercise Apparel, as directed by Franchisor at 
the time orders are placed, the franchisee price then currently being charged by 
Franchisor and Jazzercise Apparel, plus cost of handling, shipping and any applicable 
taxes.  In the event Franchisor elects to extend credit to Franchisee for such 
merchandise, Franchisee agrees to pay for all products purchased as payment 
becomes due. 
(2) 
Without Franchisor’s prior written consent, Franchisee may not sell to its 
members from the same premises at which Franchisee conducts its Jazzercise Dance 
Fitness Program any clothing or other products, including, but not limited to, 
accessories, etc., unless they are made available by Franchisor and Jazzercise 
Apparel. 
