 
 
23 
76083974\2 
Before you begin to conduct your Jazzercise dance fitness business, Jazzercise 
will provide: 
(1) 
Guidelines, criteria and specifications for selection of a facility at which to 
conduct your Jazzercise dance fitness business (See Franchise Agreements for Class 
Owner and Business Owner, Paragraph 1C(1)). 
(2) 
If you are leasing a commercial facility at which to conduct your Jazzercise 
dance fitness business, evaluation of the location you propose for your classes.  You 
select the location for your franchise business subject to Jazzercise’s consent in writing.  
Jazzercise will not inspect the facility you propose, but you must submit photos and 
videos of the facility upon our request and provide us with a copy of your lease (See 
Franchise Agreements for Class Owner and Business Owner, Paragraph 1C). 
After you submit your proposal for a location, Jazzercise will respond within 30 
days.  If you and Jazzercise cannot agree on a proposed location, then you must find 
another location and request Jazzercise’s consent.  You must obtain Jazzercise’s 
consent to a location within three months after signing the Franchise Agreement.  If you 
are a class owner or an associate, you must teach your first class within 30 days after 
becoming certified.  If you are a class owner or a business owner, you must open your 
location for classes within three months after becoming certified.  If you do not do so, 
your Franchise Agreement may be terminated. 
(3) 
Assistance in initiating and promoting the use of facilities and development 
of classes (See Franchise Agreements for Class Owner and Business Owner, 
Paragraph 3B(1)). 
(4) 
Instruction and assistance in bookkeeping techniques, recordkeeping and 
the general operation of your business (See Franchise Agreements for Class Owner 
and Business Owner, Paragraph 3B(2) and Franchise Agreement for Associate, 
Paragraph 3B(1)). 
(5) 
Production and dissemination of dance routines which are provided to you 
through video streaming (Jazzercise may change the medium, e.g., digital recording, 
Internet or other electronic transmission, by which it transmits new routine packages to 
you at any time), materials and forms necessary to assist you in beginning your 
business (See Franchise Agreements for Class Owner and Business Owner, 
Paragraphs 3B(3) and 3D and Franchise Agreement for Associate, Paragraphs 3B(2) 
and 3D).  Some of these materials are not sent to business franchisees. 
(6) 
Instruction and training in health and fitness, Jazzercise procedures, 
choreographed routines, and the conduct of Jazzercise classes through organized 
training, as described in greater detail below (See Franchise Agreement, Paragraph 3A 
and LO Jazzercise and Junior Jazzercise Addenda, Paragraph 3). 
(7) 
Jazzercise will grant you access to the portion of its website, which is 
known as The Studio but that may change to another name in the future.  If you are a 
new instructor or are being recertified, you must pass the audition before Jazzercise will 
