 
 
21 
Business Owner 
76269720\2 
or other similar materials, for use by Franchisee.  Franchisor will conduct such 
advertising and marketing of the System and its services as Franchisor deems desirable 
to promote and enhance the reputation of the System, including, without limitation, 
producing materials for use in connection with such advertising and marketing.  
Franchisee understands, acknowledges and agrees that all decisions regarding 
advertising and marketing, including without limitation, the type, quantity, timing, 
placement and choice of media, market areas and advertising agencies shall be made 
by Franchisor.  Franchisee agrees and acknowledges that all costs of the formulation, 
development and production of any advertising and promotion (including without 
limitation the proportionate compensation of Franchisor’s employees who devote time 
and render services in connection with such advertising and promotional programs or 
the administration, accounting and collection of the Marketing Fees) will be paid from 
the Marketing Fund.  Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor may spend a portion of 
the Marketing Fund for the administration of the Marketing Fund.  Franchisor does not 
have any obligation to make expenditures that are proportionate or equivalent to 
Franchisee’s Marketing Fees in the Geographic Area, nor does Franchisor represent 
that Franchisee will benefit directly or pro rata from the placement of advertising.  
Franchisee agrees and acknowledges that Franchisor has the right to establish a local 
or regional marketing cooperative, and agrees to participate in such a cooperative if 
required to do so by Franchisor.  Franchisor may require Franchisee to contribute all or 
a portion of its Marketing Fee to such a cooperative. 
B. 
ADVERTISING 
Franchisor 
may 
periodically 
provide 
Franchisee 
advertising 
materials.  
Franchisee shall use only advertising material provided by Franchisor. Franchisor may 
also provide Franchisee with access to a marketing platform that may be administered 
by a third party and for which Franchisee is required to pay a fee.  Utilization of such a 
marketing platform by Franchisee is optional, but Franchisor may require Franchisee to 
use the marketing platform in the future. 
C. 
ADVERTISING CAMPAIGNS 
If Franchisor elects to conduct an advertising campaign, Franchisee agrees to 
participate in the campaign and purchase a sufficient amount of advertising material 
from Franchisor or pay a portion of the cost of the campaign.  Franchisee acknowledges 
that such campaigns may involve gift certificates and discounts that are provided to 
members. 
D. 
DISCOUNTS AND COUPONS 
From time to time as part of the advertising and promotional activities conducted 
by Franchisor, Franchisor may institute discount programs and issue or permit 
franchisees to issue coupons and gift certificates.  Franchisee agrees to accept such 
coupons and gift certificates from members and to redeem them in accordance with 
Franchisor’s policies then in effect and to participate in such discount programs.   
