 
 
35 
Business Owner 
76269720\2 
Franchisor and Franchisee, and in the rendering of all accountings as 
required; and 
(d) 
In the event the franchise is not sold within the ninety (90) day period, any 
and all rights pursuant to this Franchise Agreement shall automatically 
terminate.  Franchisor shall have the right to appoint and license a new 
franchisee to conduct the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program previously 
conducted by Franchisee in the same facilities and locations, without 
compensation to Franchisee’s personal representatives, estate, heirs, 
beneficiaries or assigns. 
(2) 
Disability.  In the event Franchisee becomes disabled, as certified by a 
physician, Franchisee shall retain this franchise provided Franchisee continues to 
secure certified Jazzercise instructors acceptable to Franchisor during the period of 
disability.  In the event Franchisee’s disability extends beyond twenty-four (24) weeks 
and Franchisee has not continued to secure instructors acceptable to Franchisor, then 
Franchisor shall have the right to terminate this Agreement and to appoint and license a 
new franchisee to conduct the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program previously conducted 
by Franchisee in the same facilities and locations, without compensation to Franchisee. 
15. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF FRANCHISOR 
Franchisee shall, during the term of this Agreement and after the termination or 
expiration of this Agreement, protect, defend, indemnify and hold Franchisor, and its 
affiliates and associates, officers, directors, managers, shareholders, members, 
employees, agents, representatives and assignees harmless against any and all liability 
for all claims of every kind or nature arising in any way out of or relating to Franchisee’s 
actions or failure to act, whether personal or in connection with the operation of the 
Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program, any other actions or failure to act by Franchisee, its 
agents or representatives or any breach of this Agreement.  For purposes of this 
indemnification, “claims” means and includes all obligations, actual and consequential 
damages, losses, claims, demands, liens, reckonings, accounts and costs incurred in 
the defense of any claim (such as, by way of illustration, but not limitation, accountants’, 
attorney’s and expert witness fees, costs of investigation and proof of facts, court costs, 
other litigation expenses and travel and living expenses).  Franchisor shall have the 
right to defend any such claim against it with counsel of its own choosing.  Franchisee 
shall have no right to settle or refuse to settle any claim; Franchisor shall retain all right 
to do so.  In addition, Franchisee agrees to cooperate fully with Franchisor in any other 
claims brought by or against Franchisor. 
16. 
MISCELLANEOUS 
A. 
FORCE MAJEURE 
In the event of a natural disaster such as an earthquake, flood, hurricane or fire 
or a strike, lockout or labor controversy or the happening of any extraordinary event 
beyond the control of one of the parties which results in the inability of that party to 
