 
 
27 
Associate 
76281142\2 
E. 
NONWAIVER 
No failure by either party to take action on account of any default of the other party, 
whether in a single instance or repeatedly, and no course of dealing of the parties in 
variance with the terms hereof constitutes a waiver of any such default or of the 
performance required of either party by this Agreement.  No express waiver by either 
party of any provision or performance hereunder or of any default by the other party 
constitutes a waiver of any other or future provision, performance or default.  No waiver 
or extension of time shall be effective unless expressly contained in a writing signed by 
the waiving party.  The parties may in their sole respective discretion elect from time to 
time to waive obligations of one another under this Agreement upon such terms and 
conditions as they may, in their sole respective discretion, set forth in such written waiver. 
F. 
NO EXEMPLARY DAMAGES 
Neither party to this Agreement shall assert against the other party any claim for 
special, exemplary or punitive damages arising out of the Franchisor-Franchisee 
relationship, the formation or performance of this Agreement, any breach of this 
Agreement, or the operation of the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program. 
G. 
INVALIDITY AND SEVERABILITY 
If any provision or portion of a provision of this Agreement is determined to be 
invalid or unenforceable, either in its entirety or by virtue of its scope or application to 
given circumstances, such provision or portion thereof shall be deemed modified to the 
extent necessary to render the same valid, or as not applicable to the given 
circumstances, or to be excised from this Agreement, as the situation may require, and 
this Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if such provision or portion thereof 
had been included herein as so modified in scope or application, or had not been included 
herein, as the case may be, it being the stated intention of the parties that had they known 
of such invalidity or unenforceability at the time of entering into this Agreement, they would 
have nevertheless contracted upon the terms contained herein, either excluding such 
provisions, or portions thereof, or including such provisions or portions thereof only to the 
maximum scope and application permitted by law, as the case may be.  In the event such 
total or partial invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or portion thereof of this 
Agreement exists only with respect to the laws of a particular jurisdiction, this section will 
operate upon such provision or portion thereof only to the extent that the laws of such 
jurisdiction are applicable. 
H. 
NOTICES 
Any notice or demand given or made pursuant to the terms of this Agreement will 
be made in writing and delivered by personal service, facsimile, e-mail, overnight delivery, 
or first class, registered or certified mail (postage prepaid) to such address as may be 
designated from time to time by the relevant party, and which will initially be as set forth 
as follows: 
 
