 
 
76174018\1 
ADDENDUM 
TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT OF  
JAZZERCISE, INC. 
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF NORTH DAKOTA 
 
1. 
Subparagraph 1E(2)(e) of the Franchise Agreement for Class Owners and 
Subparagraph 1D(2)(d) of the Franchise Agreement for Associates are deleted. 
 
2. 
The following language is added to Subparagraph 16J(1) of the Franchise 
Agreement for Class Owners and the Franchise Agreement for Business Owners and to 
Subparagraph 15J(1) of the Franchise Agreement for Associates: 
“Provided, however, that in the event there is a conflict between 
California law and North Dakota Law, then North Dakota Law will 
prevail.” 
3. 
The first sentence of Subparagraph 16J(3) of the Franchise Agreement for Class 
Owners and the Franchise Agreement for Business Owners and of Subparagraph 
15J(3) of the Franchise Agreement for Associates is deleted and replaced with the 
following: 
“If the parties are unable to resolve the Dispute pursuant to 
subparagraph (2) above, then the parties may submit the Dispute to 
final and binding arbitration.  The arbitration shall take place at a 
location agreeable to the parties and may not be remote from 
Franchisee's place of business.  If the parties cannot agree on a 
location, the site of the arbitration shall be determined by the rules 
of the American Arbitration Association.” 
4. 
The last sentence of Subparagraph 16J(3) of the Franchise Agreement for Class 
Owners and the Franchise Agreement for Business Owners and Subparagraph 15J(3) 
of the Franchise Agreement for Associates is deleted. 
5. 
Paragraph 16N of the Franchise Agreement for Class Owners and the Franchise 
Agreement for Business Owners and Paragraph 15M of the Franchise Agreement for 
Associates is deleted and replaced with the following: 
“The parties hereby acknowledge and agree that any suit, action or 
other proceeding relating to this Agreement must be brought within 
the statute of limitations provided under the North Dakota Franchise 
Investment Law.” 
The provisions of this Addendum only apply if the jurisdictional requirements of the 
North Dakota Franchise Investment Law are met independently without reference to this 
Addendum and to the extent they are then valid requirements of the statute. 
