 
 
76291110\1 
ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
(JUNIOR JAZZERCISE) 
 
THIS ADDENDUM is made and entered into as of _______ by and 
between Jazzercise, Inc., a California corporation (“Jazzercise”) and ______________, 
an individual ( “Franchisee”), with reference to the following facts: 
A. 
Franchisee desires to obtain a license from Jazzercise to conduct a 
dance fitness program under Jazzercise's trademarks using only 
formats for children's programs developed by Jazzercise. 
B. 
Franchisee and Jazzercise desire to enter into Jazzercise's 
standard Franchise Agreement applicable to Franchisee’s status, 
modified to reflect their understanding concerning the limited nature 
of the formats of the classes which Franchisee will be permitted to 
conduct. 
NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the covenants, warranties 
and mutual agreements contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
1. 
Franchise Agreement.  Contemporaneously herewith, the parties 
are entering into Jazzercise's standard form of Franchise Agreement applicable to 
Franchisee’s status which is incorporated by this reference as though set forth in full 
herein ("Franchise Agreement"), modified as set forth in this Addendum. 
2. 
Defined Terms.  All terms not otherwise defined in this Addendum 
shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Franchise Agreement. 
3. 
Limited License.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth 
in the Franchise Agreement, Franchisee is granted a non-exclusive license to conduct a 
dance fitness program for children.  Franchisee agrees and acknowledges that 
Jazzercise may add, delete or modify the designated routines from time to time.  In 
addition: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Franchisee acknowledges that there may only be a limited 
number of classes which Franchisee may teach in a particular facility or 
area. 
 
 
 
(b) 
The initial training and instruction Jazzercise provides to 
Franchisee shall only include routines for children's programs. 
 
 
 
(c) 
Jazzercise will provide Junior Jazzercise choreography and 
routine tips and suggestions via The Routines Database, Jazzercise’s 
proprietary system designed to allow franchisees to stream videos of 
Jazzercise routines, choreography notes and teaching tips. 
