 
 
28 
76083974\2 
As of the date this Disclosure Document was issued, there is no advertising council 
composed of franchisees, and you are not required to participate in any local or regional 
advertising cooperatives. 
Computer System 
As of the date this Disclosure Document was issued, Jazzercise requires you to obtain 
a computer system if you are a Class Owner or a Business Owner so that you have 
access to the following: 
(1) 
The Jazzercise Business Center, our proprietary system designed to help 
franchisees manage their member transactions and recurring billing accounts, pay their 
fees and submit reports. 
(2) 
The Class Check-In System, using a third-party studio management 
platform called Glofox, to help franchisees manage member registration and 
attendance, tickets and classes.   
(3) 
The Studio, utilizing a third-party hosted tool called WiseTail that provides 
operating policies and procedures, announcements, ongoing training, marketing 
materials, a form for franchisee discussions and a learning management system. 
(4) 
The Routines Database, our proprietary system designed to allow 
franchisees to stream videos of Jazzercise routines, choreography notes and teaching 
tips. 
If you are an Associate, you may access the above through your mobile device. 
Jazzercise uses a third party vendor to provide transaction services.  We use Stripe, 
Inc. as our third party vendor as of the date this Disclosure Document was issued.  You 
must pay any processing fees that the vendor requires, and you may have to submit to 
a credit check.  We may change vendors at any time. 
Following are the minimum requirements for your computer system: 
Operating System:  
Windows 11 or MacOS 13 or later version 
Internet Connection: 
5 Mbps or higher Internet connection 
Printer: 
 
 
Inkjet or Laser printer 
Internet Browser: 
 
Chrome, Safari, Firefox, Microsoft Edge  
 
Scanner: 
 
 
1D Barcode Scanner (optional) 
Franchisees must also maintain a working e-mail address and have access to e-mail on 
a regular basis to receive communications sent by Jazzercise. 
