 
 
66512883\1 
Franchisee acknowledges that she, he or it has been advised to and has had the 
opportunity to consult with attorneys and other advisors of her, his or its choosing, and 
to conduct whatever investigation or inquiry she, he or it deems appropriate before 
signing this Agreement and General Release.  Franchisee acknowledges that no 
representation, promise or inducement not contained in this Agreement and General 
Release or in the documents referred to in it was made to her, him or it.  Franchisee 
certifies that Franchisee has read and understands the terms of this Agreement and 
General Release, and that execution of this Agreement and General Release indicates 
that it conforms to Franchisee’s understanding and is acceptable to Franchisee as a 
final agreement.  Franchisee further agrees that she, he or it has not commenced, 
instituted or prosecuted, and will forever refrain and forebear from commencing, 
instituting and prosecuting any lawsuit, action or other proceeding against the 
Releasees based on, arising out of, relating to or in connection with any Claims 
released hereunder.  If any court of law, federal, state or other administrative agency, or 
any other forum, assumes jurisdiction of any charge, claim, suit or action on behalf of 
Franchisee or her, his or its Representatives, Franchisee will direct that agency, court or 
forum to withdraw or dismiss the matter with prejudice. 
 
By executing this Agreement and General Release, Franchisee, for herself, 
himself or itself and her, his or its successors, represent and warrants that her, his or its 
representations herein are true and correct and that she, he or it has the right and 
authority to enter into and to accept the terms and covenants of this Agreement and 
General Release, and that no third party has or claims an interest in any of the Claims 
released hereby.  Franchisee represents that she, he or it has not sold, assigned, 
transferred, conveyed, encumbered or otherwise disposed of any Claim, or any interest 
in any Claim.  Franchisee acknowledges that this Agreement and General Release shall 
be a complete defense to any Claim subject to the terms hereof.  This Agreement and 
General Release shall not be deemed or construed as an admission of any fact, liability 
or responsibility by the Releasees at any time for any purpose. 
 
Franchisee also acknowledges that she, he or it has been given a reasonable 
and sufficient period of time within which to consider, sign and return this Agreement 
and General Release. 
 
This Agreement and General Release shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the state of California. 
 
This Agreement and General Release does not apply with respect to claims 
arising under the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, RCW 19.100, and 
the rules adopted thereunder. 
 
Date:  
 
 
 
 
Signature 
 
 
Print Name 
