 
 
19 
76083974\2 
purchase sufficient amounts of advertising material from Jazzercise or contribute funds 
to Jazzercise to conduct such a campaign or program. 
You may also purchase exercise apparel and clothing bearing the “Jazzercise” name or 
any other name that we develop, and other products such as business items, 
accessories and related items from Jazzercise Apparel, a division of Jazzercise, for sale 
to your members.  There are no other approved suppliers for these items.  You may not 
sell any of these items via the Internet. 
For the year ended December 31, 2024, Jazzercise’s gross revenue from the sale of 
business and instructional materials, promotional items, the items from Jazzercise 
Apparel described above, and the purchase of equipment was $603,993 or 
approximately 2.9% of its total revenues of $20,534,356.  From these gross revenues, 
Jazzercise had to pay the cost of these items which averaged approximately 50.5% of 
sales during the 12-month period ended December 31, 2024. 
As of the date this Disclosure Document was issued, Jazzercise has negotiated a 25% 
discount for franchisees with ProCPR.org for online renewal of franchisees’ CPR 
certification.  Jazzercise also negotiates purchasing arrangements with vendors and 
with suppliers of portable stages, signage and other business supplies.  We may require 
that you use these and other services in the future, which may involve a cost to you.   
Other than Jazzercise itself, no officer of Jazzercise owns an interest in any supplier as 
of the date this Disclosure Document was issued. 
Jazzercise does not provide material benefits to franchisees based on use of 
designated or approved suppliers. 
Other than described above, Jazzercise does not currently receive revenues from 
required purchases and leases of products and services.  However, Jazzercise may 
receive revenues for promotional services it provides to suppliers. 
Jazzercise estimates that the purchases and leases described above constitute over 
85% of your costs to establish and operate the franchised business. 
ITEM 9 
 
FRANCHISEE’S OBLIGATIONS 
This table lists your principal obligations under the franchise and other 
agreements.  It will help you find more detailed information about your 
obligations in these agreements and in other items of this disclosure document. 
