 
 
24 
Associate 
76281142\2 
23, 2001, or (iii) a person otherwise identified by government or legal 
authority as a person with whom Franchisor is prohibited from transacting 
business (“Specially Designated National or Blocked Person”) or a 
person in which a Specially Designated National or Blocked Person has an 
interest. 
(5) 
Except as expressly set forth in this Section, Franchisee shall not sell, 
assign, transfer, nor encumber this Agreement or any rights or interest herein or 
hereunder, directly or indirectly, nor suffer or permit any such assignment, transfer or 
encumbrance to occur by operation of law without obtaining the prior written consent of 
Franchisor.  The assignment of any interest, other than as provided in this article, shall 
constitute a material breach of this Franchise Agreement and shall entitle Franchisor to 
immediately terminate this Agreement and any and all rights granted hereunder.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, no transfer by Franchisee  
shall be made to (a) a person designated by the U.S. Department of Treasury’s Office of 
Foreign Assets Control from time to time as a “specially designated national or blocked 
person” or similar status, (ii) a person described in Section 1 of U.S. Executive Order 
13224, issued on September 23, 2001, or (iii) a Specially Designated National or Blocked 
Person or to a person in which a Specially Designated National or Blocked Person has 
an interest. 
(6) 
Franchisor’s consent to any transfer shall not constitute a waiver of any 
claim that Franchisor may have against Franchisee or its owner(s), or of Franchisor’s right 
to demand strict compliance with this Agreement. 
(7) 
No interest in this Agreement or the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program 
shall be the subject of a lien, security interest or pledge either in favor of Franchisee as 
part of a transfer, or otherwise. 
C. 
RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL 
Franchisee shall provide Franchisor with complete information on the proposed 
transferee and terms of the transfer.  Within twenty (20) days of receipt of the complete 
information and documents by Franchisee, Franchisor will inform Franchisee: (1) whether 
it or its nominee will exercise its right of first refusal; and (2) if not, whether it will consent 
to the transfer.  In the event that Franchisor notifies Franchisee that it or its nominee will 
exercise its right of first refusal, except as provided below, Franchisor or its nominee will 
accept the transfer upon the same terms and conditions as set forth in the instruments 
and documents which embodied the proposed transfer.  Franchisor shall not be required, 
by exercise of its right of first refusal, to perform obligations of the proposed transferee 
which are merely incidental to the transfer (e.g., employment agreements in favor of 
individuals, and brokers or finders fees to be paid by the proposed transferee to 
Franchisee or to any principal of Franchisee).  Moreover, Franchisor or its nominee shall 
have not less than sixty (60) days from the delivery of Franchisor’s notice of exercise to 
consummate the transfer.  If Franchisor elects not to exercise its right of first refusal and 
consents to the proposed transferee, Franchisee may consummate the proposed 
