 
 
31 
Associate 
76281142\2 
judgment and discretion, subject only to the provisions of this Agreement.  Franchisee 
shall conspicuously identify itself as the independent owner of its business and as a 
franchisee of Franchisor.  No party hereto shall be obligated by, or have any liability for, 
any agreements, representations or warranties made by the other nor shall Franchisor be 
liable for any damages to any person or property, directly or indirectly, arising out of the 
operation of Franchisee’s business, whether caused by Franchisee’s negligent or willful 
action or failure to act.  Neither party shall have liability for any sale, use, excise, income, 
property or other tax levied upon the business conducted by the other party or in 
connection with the services performed or business conducted by it or any expenses 
incurred by it. 
(3) 
Franchisee’s employees are under Franchisee’s sole control.  Franchisor is 
not the employer or joint employer of Franchisee’s employees.  Franchisor will not 
exercise direct or indirect control of Franchisee’s employees’ working conditions.  
Franchisor does not share or codetermine the terms and conditions of employment of 
Franchisee’s employees or participate in matters relating to the employment relationship 
between Franchisee and its employees, such as hiring, promotion, demotion, termination, 
hours or schedule worked, rate of pay, benefits, work assigned, discipline, response to 
grievances and complaints or working conditions.  Franchisee has sole responsibility and 
authority for these terms and conditions of employment.  Franchisee must notify and 
communicate clearly with its employees in all dealings, including, without limitation, its 
written and electronic correspondence, paychecks, and other materials, that Franchisee 
(and only Franchisee) is their employer and that Franchisor is not their employer. 
(4) 
Nothing anywhere in this Agreement creates a fiduciary relationship 
between the parties, nor shall anything herein be deemed to create any trust duties 
between the parties.  No covenant shall be implied to vary or interpret the terms of this 
provision. 
L. 
COMPLIANCE WITH LOCAL LAW 
If any applicable and binding law or rule of any jurisdiction requires a greater prior 
notice of the termination of, or refusal to renew this Agreement than is required hereunder, 
the prior notice or other action required by such law or rule shall be substituted for the 
notice or other requirements hereof.  Such modifications to this Agreement shall be 
effective only in such jurisdiction and shall be enforced as originally made and entered 
into in all other jurisdictions.  Franchisor reserves the right to challenge the applicability 
of any such law or rule. 
M. 
STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS 
The parties hereby acknowledge and agree that any suit, action or other 
proceeding relating to this Agreement must be brought within one (1) year after the 
occurrence of the act or omission that is the subject of the suit, action or other legal 
proceeding. 
 
