Jazzercise, Inc. 
 
Notes to Financial Statements 
 
6 
Note 1. 
Nature of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
Nature of business: Jazzercise, Inc. (the Company or Jazzercise) was formed in 1979 and is engaged 
primarily in franchising dance and fitness classes worldwide. Franchisees act as instructors and operate 
under the trade name Jazzercise. In addition to the franchising of dance and fitness classes, the 
Company is engaged in the electronic sale of fitness apparel and accessories under the trade name 
Jazzercise Apparel, has sales related to streaming video content of Jazzercise exercise programs under 
the trade name Jazzercise On Demand, and operates two dance/fitness studios located in Carlsbad and 
Oceanside, California. The Company is also headquartered in Carlsbad, California. 
 
A summary of the Company’s significant accounting policies is as follows: 
 
Basis of presentation: The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with 
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP). 
 
Variable interest entity: The Company is affiliated with Impala Building, LLC, a company with 100% 
common ownership. This affiliate leases certain facilities to the Company under operating lease terms 
(see Notes 11 and 12). In March 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued 
Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-07, Consolidation (Topic 810): Applying Variable Interest 
Entity Guidance to Common Control Leasing Arrangements, which provides an accounting alternative for 
private companies with the option to elect not to apply the variable interest entity (VIE) guidance in 
Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 810, Consolidation, to assess certain lessor entities under 
common control for consolidation. The Company adopted this guidance effective January 1, 2018. As 
such, the Company has applied the accounting alternative to all lessor entities meeting the conditions as 
outlined in the ASU. In October 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-17, Consolidation (Topic 810): 
Targeted Improvements to Related Party Guidance for Variable Interest Entities, which superseded ASU 
2014-07. The Company adopted the standard on January 1, 2021. The adoption of ASU 2018-17 did not 
have a material impact on the financial statements.  
 
Use of estimates: The preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires 
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and 
liabilities, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, at the date of the financial statements, and 
the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates include 
the valuation of the deferred tax asset and reserve for inventory obsolescence. Actual results could differ 
from those estimates. 
 
Cash and cash equivalents: The Company considers all highly liquid instruments with an original 
maturity of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash 
equivalents consist of cash and money market funds. At times, these balances may exceed the federally 
insured limits. Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk 
consist primarily of cash equivalents. The Company’s cash equivalents are held in safekeeping by large, 
creditworthy financial institutions. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts, and 
management believes that the Company is not exposed to any significant credit risks on these accounts. 
There were no cash equivalents at December 31, 2024, 2023 or 2022. 
 
Accounts receivable: Accounts receivable are uncollateralized customer obligations due under normal 
trade terms requiring payment within 30 days from the invoice date and are recorded at net realizable 
value. Unpaid accounts receivable with invoice dates over 30 days old do not accrue interest. After all 
attempts to collect a receivable have failed, the receivable is written off against the allowance for credit 
losses. 
