 
 
18 
76083974\2 
makes liability insurance coverage available to franchisees from an insurance company 
with which Jazzercise has negotiated a contract for coverage.  Alternatively, you may 
obtain the liability coverage from another insurance company acceptable to Jazzercise.  
If you choose to obtain the liability coverage from another company acceptable to 
Jazzercise, the coverage period must correspond to that of the coverage Jazzercise 
makes available.  The current coverage period is November 1, 2024 to October 31, 
2025.  If you obtain liability insurance coverage through Jazzercise, Jazzercise will 
collect your premium and an amount to cover its administration and handling costs.  For 
the year ended December 31, 2024, after remitting the premiums due to the insurance 
carriers, Jazzercise’s income was $605,956 or approximately 3% of its total revenues of 
$20,534,356 (Jazzercise’s gross revenue from franchisees who chose to obtain 
insurance coverage through Jazzercise was $1,214,749 or approximately 5.9% of its 
total revenues of $20,534,356).  Jazzercise bore the cost of billing and collection, claim 
processing and research, responding to franchisee questions concerning insurance and 
issuing insurance certificates for franchisees and their landlords. 
If you choose to lease a commercial facility on your own or with other franchisees, the 
lease must contain the following provisions: a conditional lease assignment (without rent 
increase or penalty), the landlord’s acknowledgment that you may not transfer the lease 
without Jazzercise’s consent, the landlord’s consent to Jazzercise signage, the 
landlord’s obligation to notify Jazzercise if you default, no amendment to the lease can 
be made without Jazzercise’s consent, if the Franchise Agreement expires or is 
terminated, the lease is assigned to Jazzercise or its nominee (without rent increase or 
penalty) when Jazzercise notifies the landlord and the landlord can rely on the notice, 
that Jazzercise or its nominee are not responsible for any default before the lease is 
assigned, that the landlord must provide Jazzercise with reports, information and data if 
Jazzercise requests them, that if the Franchise Agreement expires or is terminated 
Jazzercise may enter the premises and make alterations, and that Jazzercise is a third 
party beneficiary to the lease.  You must submit videos of your facility upon our request 
and provide us with a copy of your lease within 10 days after you sign the lease. 
There are specifications for the audio player and microphone that you are required to 
purchase as of the date this Disclosure Document was issued: 
(a) 
Microphone – A sturdy wireless headset microphone is required.  The 
microphone must comply with current Federal Communications Commission (FCC) 
requirements. 
(b) 
Stage – The stage must be high enough to be seen by a full room of members 
and large enough for you to perform routines correctly. 
Jazzercise does not currently require you to use any specific supplier or purchase a 
specific brand name for equipment or services but reserves the right in the future to do 
so. 
You may purchase promotional materials from Jazzercise if they are available.  If 
Jazzercise decides to require an advertising campaign or marketing program, you must 
