 
 
10 
Associate 
76281142\2 
One Million Dollars ($1,000,000.00), including personal injury, contractual liability, 
products and completed operations and professional liability coverage, and worker’s 
compensation insurance, if applicable and if required by law, including but not limited to 
employer’s liability, with limits as required by applicable laws.  In the event of a claim 
under any such policy, the deductible amount shall be the responsibility of Franchisee.  
Franchisee shall cause Franchisor and any of its affiliates that Franchisor specifies to be 
named as additional insureds under all such policies.  Such insurance shall be 
underwritten by a reputable insurance carrier approved by Franchisor.  Franchisee shall 
further cause Franchisee’s insurance agent to copy Franchisor on all insurance policies 
related to the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program and written and issued on behalf of 
Franchisee.  In addition, all such policies shall provide for thirty (30) days’ prior written 
notice to Franchisor of any material modification, cancellation or expiration of a policy.  
Upon request, Franchisee shall provide Franchisor with a certificate evidencing coverage.  
In the event of a change in an insurance carrier or coverage, Franchisee shall provide 
Franchisor with certification by each new insurance carrier evidencing the terms of 
coverage, the coverage in force, and the persons insured.  Such certification shall provide 
that the new insurance carrier will not alter, cancel or permit the coverage to lapse or 
expire without thirty (30) days’ advance written notice to Franchisor.  Franchisor or its 
insured shall have the right to participate in discussions with Franchisee’s insurance 
company with regard to any claims that may affect Franchisor’s business, and Franchisee 
agrees to adopt Franchisor’s recommendations to its insurance carrier regarding any 
such claims.  All amounts spent by Franchisor to secure any insurance coverage 
Franchisee fails to obtain shall be due to Franchisor by Franchisee upon Franchisor’s 
written demand.  Nothing herein shall create an obligation on the part of Franchisor to 
secure any insurance coverage for Franchisee.  Franchisee also acknowledges that 
Franchisor may periodically increase the amounts of coverage required under such 
insurance policies and require different or additional kinds of insurance at any time, 
including excess liability insurance. 
B. 
PURCHASE OF INSURANCE 
Insurance coverage may be available to Franchisee to purchase through 
Franchisor, in Franchisor’s sole discretion.  Franchisor currently sets the premium on an 
annual basis in the month of November. 
6. 
TRADE SECRETS 
Franchisee acknowledges that there is information disclosed by Franchisor 
pursuant to this Agreement, during the Initial Training Program and subsequent training 
program and otherwise (including, without limitation, the Proprietary Information, methods 
of service, sources and suppliers of equipment and, in general, methods, techniques, 
formulas, formats, specifications, standards, procedures, know-how, information systems 
and knowledge of the System and the entire contents of The Studio), that is proprietary, 
confidential or a trade secret of Franchisor (“Trade Secrets”).  Franchisee agrees to 
maintain the absolute confidentiality of all such information during and after the term of 
this Agreement and agrees not to use any such information in any other business or in 
any manner not specifically authorized or approved in writing by Franchisor.  Franchisee 
