 
 
25 
Associate 
76281142\2 
transfer, but only upon the terms and conditions set forth in the notice submitted to 
Franchisor. 
D. 
DEATH OR DISABILITY 
(1) 
Death.  If Franchisee dies or is permanently disabled in a manner that 
prohibits operation of the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program, the Survivor shall, within 
ninety (90) days of such death or determination of permanent disability, either meet all of 
the qualifications required of franchisees or shall transfer this Agreement in accordance 
with the requirements of this Section.  This right shall be conditioned upon the following: 
(a) 
Franchisee’s representative must deliver to Franchisor  a bona fide offer in 
writing to sell the franchise within the ninety (90) day period; 
(b) 
Franchisee must be current in the payment of all sums due Franchisor 
under this Agreement and all other agreements, if any, between Franchisor 
and Franchisee, and in the rendering of all accountings as required; and 
(c) 
In the event the franchise is not sold within the ninety (90) day period, any 
and all rights pursuant to this Franchise Agreement shall automatically 
terminate. 
(2) 
Disability.  In the event Franchisee becomes disabled, as certified by a 
physician, Franchisee shall retain this franchise provided Franchisee secures another 
associate instructor acceptable to Franchisor to conduct classes for Franchisee during 
the period of disability.  Franchisee may request a leave of absence for at least four (4) 
weeks but less than twenty-four (24) weeks if, after using Franchisee’s best efforts, 
Franchisee has not been able to engage another associate instructor.  Franchisor, in its 
sole discretion, will consider whether Franchisee meets Franchisor’s then-current criteria 
for a leave of absence, including without limitation, the obligation to have paid in full all 
amounts required hereunder.  During any leave of absence, Franchisee must continue to 
comply with the provisions of this Agreement, including without limitation, the obligation 
to obtain all required cardiovascular pulmonary resuscitation training and insurance 
coverage and the obligation to pay Associate Fees.  In the event Franchisee’s disability 
extends beyond twenty-four (24) weeks and Franchisee has not secured another 
associate instructor acceptable to Franchisor, then Franchisor shall have the right to 
terminate this Agreement and to appoint and license a new franchisee to conduct the 
Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program previously conducted by Franchisee in the same 
facilities and locations, without compensation to Franchisee. 
14. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF FRANCHISOR 
Franchisee shall, during the term of this Agreement and after the termination or 
expiration of this Agreement, protect, defend, indemnify and hold Franchisor, and its 
affiliates and associates, officers, directors, managers, shareholders, members, 
employees, agents, representatives and assignees harmless against any and all liability 
for all claims of every kind or nature arising in any way out of or relating to Franchisee’s 
actions or failure to act, whether personal or in connection with the operation of the 
