 
 
76291644\1 
ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
(LO JAZZERCISE) 
 
 
 
THIS ADDENDUM is made and entered into as of  
                     by and 
between Jazzercise, Inc., a California corporation (“Jazzercise”) and  
 
    , an 
individual ( “Franchisee”), with reference to the following facts: 
 
 
A. 
Franchisee desires to obtain a license from Jazzercise to conduct a 
dance fitness program under Jazzercise's trademarks using only 
low impact or less strenuous formats or formats for children’s 
programs developed by Jazzercise. 
 
 
B. 
Franchisee and Jazzercise desire to enter into Jazzercise's 
standard Franchise Agreement applicable to Franchisee’s status, 
modified to reflect their understanding concerning the limited nature 
of the formats of the classes that Franchisee will be permitted to 
conduct. 
 
 
NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the covenants, warranties 
and mutual agreements contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 
 
1. 
Franchise Agreement.  Contemporaneously herewith, the parties 
are entering into Jazzercise's standard form of Franchise Agreement applicable to 
Franchisee’s status, which is incorporated by this reference as though set forth in full 
herein ("Franchise Agreement"), modified as set forth in this Addendum. 
 
 
2. 
Defined Terms.  All terms not otherwise defined in this Addendum 
shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Franchise Agreement. 
 
 
3. 
Limited License.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth 
in the Franchise Agreement, Franchisee is granted a non-exclusive license to conduct a 
dance fitness program incorporating only those routines choreographed for children or 
utilizing a low impact or less strenuous format under the name “LO Jazzercise.”  These 
routines will be designated by Jazzercise in its sole subjective discretion.  Franchisee 
agrees and acknowledges that Jazzercise may add, delete or modify the designated 
routines from time to time.  In addition, Franchisee acknowledges: 
 
 
 
(a) 
That there may only be a limited number of classes which 
Franchisee may teach in a particular facility or area; 
 
 
 
(b) 
The initial training and instruction Jazzercise provides to 
Franchisee shall only include routines utilizing low impact or less 
strenuous formats or routines for children’s programs; 
 
 
 
(c) 
Jazzercise shall be required to provide Franchisee with only 
those new routines applicable to the program offered by Franchisee.  
