 
 
47 
76083974\2 
Provision
Section in 
Franchise or 
Other 
Agreement
Summary
Agreement; 
Paragraph 15J 
of Associate 
Franchise 
Agreement 
 
ITEM 18 
 
PUBLIC FIGURES 
Jazzercise’s founder, Executive Chair and sole shareholder is Judi Sheppard Missett.  
Ms. Missett has entered into an employment agreement with Jazzercise to lend her 
name and services for promotion and advertising.  Compensation to Ms. Missett for the 
right to the use of her name is provided for by the salary she receives from Jazzercise. 
You have the right to use Judi Sheppard Missett’s name in accordance with 
Jazzercise’s guidelines in promoting, advertising and conducting Jazzercise classes.  
No payment must be made to Ms. Missett. 
 
In addition, Shanna Missett Nelson acts as Jazzercise’s CEO and Director.  She is not 
an owner of Jazzercise but receives a salary. 
Jazzercise has no other ongoing arrangements with any public figure but may seek 
arrangements with public figures, in particular for special events. 
ITEM 19 
 
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS 
The FTC’s Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to provide information about the actual 
or potential financial performance of its franchised and/or franchisor-owned outlets, if 
there is a reasonable basis for the information, and if the information is included in the 
disclosure document.  Financial performance information that differs from that included 
in Item 19 may be given only if: (1) a franchisor provides the actual records of an 
existing outlet you are considering buying; or (2) a franchisor supplements the 
information provided in this Item 19, for example, by providing information about 
possible performance at a particular location or under particular circumstances. 
We do not make any representations about a franchisee’s future financial performance 
or the past financial performance of company-owned or franchised businesses.  We 
also do not authorize our employees or representatives to make any such 
representations either orally or in writing.  If you are purchasing an existing franchise, 
however, we may provide you with the actual records of that business.  If you receive 
