 
 
17 
Associate 
76281142\2 
on-line content on social media sites, blogs, electronic communication and on other on-
line sites on which its trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights or any similar 
marks are used.  Franchisee agrees to remove any usage or content that Franchisor 
requires, including without limitation, content that Franchisor deems to be scandalous, 
immoral or detrimental to Franchisor’s image.  Franchisee further agrees and 
acknowledges that Franchisor may prohibit use of its trademarks, service marks, trade 
names, copyrights or any similar marks on any site or all sites.  Franchisee agrees and 
acknowledges that failure to comply with Franchisor’s on-line policy or social media policy 
is a material breach of this Agreement. 
11. 
DEFAULT AND TERMINATION 
The following provisions are in addition to and not in limitation of any other rights 
and remedies Franchisor may have at law or in equity, all of which are expressly reserved.  
The exercise by Franchisor of any right or remedy shall not be deemed an election of 
remedies. 
A. 
TERMINATION BY FRANCHISEE 
Franchisee may terminate this Agreement by giving sixty (60) days’ advance notice 
to Franchisor (provided that Franchisee is not in default of this Agreement or any other 
agreements between Franchisor and Franchisee) and shall assist Franchisor in the 
smooth transition of Franchisee’s Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program to Franchisor or its 
designee and comply with each and every one of the provisions of Article 14. 
B. 
BY FRANCHISOR WITH NOTICE AND NO OPPORTUNITY TO CURE 
This Agreement shall immediately terminate on delivery of notice of termination to 
Franchisee by Franchisor upon the occurrence of any of the following events, each of 
which is deemed to be an incurable breach of this Agreement and each of which is 
deemed to be “good cause.”  If Franchisee: 
(1) 
becomes insolvent or admits in writing Franchisee’s inability to pay its debts 
as they mature, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors, files a petition under 
any foreign, state or United States bankruptcy act, receivership statute, or the like or if 
such a petition is filed by a third party, or if an application for a receiver is made by anyone 
and such petition or application is not dismissed within ninety (90) days.  For purposes of 
this section, “insolvent” means Franchisee’s liabilities exceed its assets; 
(2) 
abandons the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program by failing to conduct 
his/her scheduled classes for five (5) consecutive business days or for any shorter period 
in such circumstances that render reasonable the conclusion that Franchisee does not 
intend to continue operating the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program, unless such failure 
is due to disaster or similar reasons beyond Franchisee’s control; 
(3) 
agrees with Franchisor in writing to terminate the Franchise; 
