 
 
9 
Associate 
76281142\2 
component will belong to Franchisor and Franchisee shall have no right or interest in such 
component other than a license to use it as part of the System pursuant to this Agreement. 
G. 
COMPLIANCE WITH LAW AND GOOD BUSINESS PRACTICES 
(1) 
Prior to beginning operations, Franchisee shall secure in Franchisee’s 
name as the owner of an independent business all required licenses, permits and 
certificates relating to Franchisee’s operation of the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program 
in the Geographic Area, including, without limitation, all permits and certificates relating 
to the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program.  Franchisee shall adhere to any applicable 
legal requirements regarding the operation of the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program.  
Franchisee acknowledges that such licenses, certificates and permits may require the 
payment of security deposits and other fees.  Franchisee shall maintain all such licenses, 
permits and certificates in full force and effect throughout the term of this Agreement. 
(2) 
Franchisee shall operate in full compliance with all applicable laws, 
ordinances and regulations, including, without limitation, such laws, ordinances and 
regulations relating to occupational hazards and health, worker’s compensation 
insurance, unemployment insurance and withholding and payment of federal and state 
income taxes and social security taxes, trade name and advertising restrictions, building 
codes and handicap access. 
(3) 
Immediately upon receipt of any citation, notice, complaint or other 
indication that Franchisee has violated any law or regulation, Franchisee shall 
immediately notify Franchisor and transmit copies of all such citations, notices, complaints 
or other such indications. 
H. 
REGIONAL AND NATIONAL ACCOUNTS 
Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that Franchisor has the right to establish 
regional and national accounts for the provision of services related to the Jazzercise 
Dance Fitness Program.  Franchisee agrees to provide services based on the terms of 
any such regional or national account agreements that Franchisor may enter into with 
third parties.  Franchisee understands that such terms may include discounts on the rates 
for services Franchisee provides. 
5. 
INSURANCE 
A. 
REQUIREMENTS 
Before beginning to operate the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program, Franchisee 
must obtain and maintain all insurance coverage for the periods of coverage as required 
by Franchisor from an insurer or insurers that meet Franchisor’s criteria under the terms 
of this Agreement and the policies and procedures on The Studio, as may be amended 
from time to time, and that have a minimum Best’s Rating of A or other comparable rating.  
Such insurance shall include coverage insuring against all loss and liability arising out of 
or in connection with the operation of the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program, including, 
without limitation, comprehensive general liability insurance in the minimum amount of 
