 
 
41 
Business Owner 
76269720\2 
between Franchisee and its employees, such as hiring, promotion, demotion, 
termination, hours or schedule worked, rate of pay, benefits, work assigned, discipline, 
response to grievances and complaints or working conditions.  Franchisee has sole 
responsibility and authority for these terms and conditions of employment.  Franchisee 
must notify and communicate clearly with its employees in all dealings, including, 
without limitation, its written and electronic correspondence, paychecks, and other 
materials, that Franchisee (and only Franchisee) is their employer and that Franchisor is 
not their employer. 
L. 
COMPLIANCE WITH LOCAL LAW 
If any applicable and binding law or rule of any jurisdiction requires a greater 
prior notice of the termination of, or refusal to renew this Agreement than is required 
hereunder, the prior notice or other action required by such law or rule shall be 
substituted for the notice or other requirements hereof.  Such modifications to this 
Agreement shall be effective only in such jurisdiction and shall be enforced as originally 
made and entered into in all other jurisdictions.  Franchisor reserves the right to 
challenge the applicability of any such law or rule. 
M. 
SPOUSAL ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 
Franchisee’s spouse shall execute a spousal acknowledgement in the form 
attached hereto as Exhibit “B”. 
N. 
STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS 
The parties hereby acknowledge and agree that any suit, action or other 
proceeding relating to this Agreement must be brought within one (1) year after the 
occurrence of the act or omission that is the subject of the suit, action or other legal 
proceeding. 
O. 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
(1) 
Franchisee represents and warrants to Franchisor that neither Franchisee 
nor any of its affiliates or the funding sources for either is a Specially Designated 
National or Blocked Person.  Neither Franchisee nor any of its affiliates is directly or 
indirectly owned or controlled by the government of any country that is subject to an 
embargo by the United States government.  Neither Franchisee nor any of its affiliates 
is acting on behalf of a government of any country that is subject to such an embargo.  
Franchisee further represents and warrants that it is in compliance with any applicable 
anti-money laundering law, including, without limitation, the USA Patriot Act. 
(2) 
Franchisee represents and warrants to Franchisor that execution and 
delivery of this Agreement and the performance of Franchisee’s obligations hereunder, 
does not: (i) conflict with, violate, result in a breach of or constitute a default (or an event 
which, with notice or passage of time or both, would constitute a default) under, or result 
in the termination or in a right of termination or cancellation of, any other agreement to 
which Franchisee is party or by which Franchisee, or any of its assets may be bound; 
