 
 
16 
Business Owner 
76269720\2 
coverage, Franchisee shall provide Franchisor with certification by each new insurance 
carrier evidencing the terms of coverage, the coverage in force, and the persons 
insured.  Such certification shall provide that the new insurance carrier will not alter, 
cancel or permit the coverage to lapse or expire without thirty (30) days’ advance written 
notice to Franchisor.  Franchisor or its insured shall have the right to participate in 
discussions with Franchisee’s insurance company with regard to any claims that may 
affect Franchisor’s business, and Franchisee agrees to adopt Franchisor’s 
recommendations to its insurance carrier regarding any such claims.  All amounts spent 
by Franchisor to secure any insurance coverage Franchisee fails to obtain shall be due 
to Franchisor by Franchisee upon Franchisor’s written demand.  Nothing herein shall 
create an obligation on the part of Franchisor to secure any insurance coverage for 
Franchisee.  Franchisee also acknowledges that Franchisor may periodically increase 
the amounts of coverage required under such insurance policies and require different or 
additional kinds of insurance at any time, including excess liability insurance. 
B. 
PURCHASE OF INSURANCE 
Insurance coverage may be available to Franchisee to purchase through 
Franchisor, in Franchisor’s sole discretion.  Franchisor currently sets the premium on an 
annual basis in the month of November. 
6. 
TRADE SECRETS 
Franchisee acknowledges that there is information disclosed by Franchisor 
pursuant to this Agreement, during the Initial Training Program and subsequent training 
program and otherwise (including, without limitation, the Proprietary Information, 
methods of service, sources and suppliers of equipment and, in general, methods, 
techniques, formulas, formats, specifications, standards, procedures, know-how, 
information systems and knowledge of the System and the entire contents of The 
Studio), that is proprietary, confidential or a trade secret of Franchisor (“Trade 
Secrets”).  Franchisee agrees to maintain the absolute confidentiality of all such 
information during and after the term of this Agreement and agrees not to use any such 
information in any other business or in any manner not specifically authorized or 
approved in writing by Franchisor.  Franchisee shall not make copies of such 
information or divulge such information to any other person.  Franchisee shall require 
any other person involved in Franchisee’s Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program who will 
have access to any confidential information or Trade Secrets to sign a confidentiality 
agreement in a form acceptable to Franchisor. 
7. 
FEES 
A. 
INITIAL FRANCHISE FEE 
Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor a non-refundable initial franchise fee of One 
Thousand Two Hundred Fifty Dollars ($1,250.00), payable as follows: 
(1) 
at least Fifty Percent (50%) on the Monday prior to the Initial Training 
Program; and 
