 
 
22 
Class Owner 
76174021\2 
C. 
RECORD KEEPING 
Franchisee must have bookkeeping and accounting services that fairly reflect the Gross 
Member Enrollment Fees, receipts and reports, costs of labor, semi-variables, fixed 
costs and advertising, and the financial results of the Jazzercise Dance Fitness 
Program, and also such procedures as may be more particularly described on The 
Studio . 
D. 
REPORTS 
Franchisee shall submit to Franchisor financial and non-financial reports and 
information as Franchisor may request.  These statements and reports shall be certified 
as true and correct by Franchisee.  Each such report shall be in the form and present 
the information required by or described on The Studio and submitted to Franchisor 
through the Business Center.  Franchisor may require these reports to be submitted via 
an automatic filing. 
E. 
REQUIRED DISCLOSURE 
Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor may be required by law, regulation or other 
legal requirement, or may deem it advisable, to disclose information regarding 
Franchisee or the operation of the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program, including without 
limitation, earnings and other financial performance information.  Franchisee agrees that 
Franchisor shall be entitled to disclose such information and that Franchisor shall have 
the right to determine the extent and manner in which such disclosure will be made.  If 
Franchisor does not have the information necessary for the disclosure Franchisor 
determines it will make, Franchisee shall provide such information to Franchisor 
promptly upon Franchisor’s request. 
9. 
MARKETING AND ADVERTISING 
A. 
EXPENDITURES 
In the event Franchisor establishes a Marketing Fund, the following will apply.  
Franchisor may designate a third party to administer the Marketing Fund on such third 
party’s platform.  In that event, Franchisor may require Franchisee to pay the Marketing 
Fee to the third party.  In the event Franchisor administers the Marketing Fund itself, 
Franchisee will pay the Marketing Fee to Franchisor.  Franchisee agrees and 
acknowledges that the Marketing Fee may be deposited in Franchisor’s general 
operating account, may be commingled with Franchisor’s general operating funds and 
may be deemed an asset of Franchisor.  Franchisor will administratively segregate the 
Marketing Fund on its books and records.  Franchisor will use the Marketing Fund for 
the purpose of marketing and promotional purposes, and Franchisor may elect to 
disseminate promotional materials through the Internet, television, radio and print media 
such as magazine, billboard, flyers or mailers, and newspapers.  Franchisor may also 
use the Marketing Fund to hire a website management firm to manage a website on 
behalf of all Franchisees.  Franchisor may also use the Marketing Fund to develop 
promotional and advertising materials, including, but not limited to, brochures, handouts, 
