 
 
23 
Business Owner 
76269720\2 
(2) 
From the date hereof, and until three (3) years has elapsed following the 
end of the term of this Agreement, Franchisor or its authorized agent, shall have the 
right to request, receive, inspect and audit, at any time, without notice, any or all of the 
records referred to above, wherever they may be located, or at any other mutually 
agreeable location.  Franchisee agrees and acknowledges that Franchisor may send a 
representative (without identification as a Franchisor representative and without prior 
notice) to Franchisee’s locations as a walk-in member and that Franchisor may then 
verify whether or not Franchisee accurately reports this revenue.  Failure to do so may 
result in immediate termination of this Agreement. 
(3) 
In the event that any report or statement understates Gross Member 
Enrollment Fees by more than two percent (2%) of the actual Gross Member Enrollment 
Fees ascertained by Franchisor’s inspection, Franchisee shall, in addition to making the 
payment provided for in the immediately preceding sentence, and in addition to any 
other remedies and rights Franchisor may have, pay and reimburse Franchisor for any 
and all expenses incurred in connection with its inspection and audit, including, but not 
limited to, accounting and legal fees and travel expenses, room and board and 
compensation for Franchisor’s representatives.  Such payments shall be without 
prejudice to any other rights or remedies Franchisor may have under this Agreement or 
otherwise.  If the audit discloses an over-payment of fees or monies due Franchisor 
under this Agreement, Franchisor shall promptly pay the amount of such over payment 
to Franchisee.   
11. 
MARKS AND TRADE DRESS 
A. 
OWNERSHIP OF MARKS AND GOODWILL 
Franchisee’s right to use the Marks is derived solely from, and is subject to, the 
terms and conditions of this Agreement.  Such right is limited to the operation of the 
Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program in accordance with this Agreement and all 
mandatory standards, specifications and operating procedures prescribed from time to 
time by Franchisor in The Studio.  Franchisee agrees not to contest or oppose, nor to 
assist anyone else to contest or oppose, directly or indirectly, Franchisor’s affiliate’s 
ownership of the Marks, its applications for registration, or registration of, or the validity 
or enforceability of, any of the Marks or Franchisor’s right to use and license the Marks.  
Franchisee also agrees not to acquire or use any trademarks that are similar or identical 
to the Marks.  Franchisee agrees that its usage of the Marks and any goodwill 
established thereby shall inure to the exclusive benefit of Franchisor and its affiliate. 
B. 
LIMITATIONS ON FRANCHISEE’S USE OF MARKS AND TRADE 
DRESS 
If local laws require that Franchisee file a registration stating that Franchisee is 
conducting business under an assumed name or trade name, Franchisee shall state in 
such document that it is conducting such business as a franchisee of Franchisor.  
Franchisee shall not use any of the Marks or similar words or colorable imitations 
thereof as part of any name of any corporation, partnership, limited liability company or 
