 
 
17 
76083974\2 
$200.00 to $300.00.  The price of the audio recordings and other materials is set by the 
independent supplier of those items.  Jazzercise has a link on its website to iTunes from 
which you can download the audio recordings.  Jazzercise negotiates with performing 
licensing organizations for the use of music by Jazzercise instructors.  Jazzercise 
collects royalties based on the number of your members and remits them to the 
licensing organization (see Item 6). 
Jazzercise also offers online fitness classes through Jazzercise On Demand.  You must 
offer members access to these classes in conjunction with your in-person classes.  As 
of the date this Disclosure Document was issued, members you recruit receive a 
discount for Jazzercise On Demand and you may share in the revenue from these 
members.  Jazzercise may modify or discontinue this program at any time. 
Jazzercise has developed a nutrition program called Simply Plated.  Simply Plated. is 
an online education-based nutrition subscription program where Jazzercise provides a 
starter guide and meal plan, recipes and videos.  You may offer this program to your 
members.  In the future, we may require you to do so.  As of the date this Disclosure 
Document was issued, members you recruit receive a discount for this program and you 
may share in the revenue from these members.  Jazzercise may modify or discontinue 
this program at any time. 
Jazzercise uses Glofox, a third party studio management platform to manage member 
registration and attendance, tickets and classes, and you must use this platform.  If you 
live outside of the United States, you must use Glofox after you migrate.  Jazzercise 
may replace Glofox at any time. You must also purchase a virus protection software 
suite.  See Item 11 for details. 
You must use our designated vendor to provide transaction services to your members.  
This vendor may charge you a fee and require you to submit to a credit check. 
OneTouchPoint (OTP) (formerly BlueWater) is a Jazzercise marketing platform hosted 
by OTP that houses marketing materials, digital ads, access to order print and collateral 
materials, access to digital advertising, and an optional email platform.  As of the date 
this Disclosure Document was issued, the base subscription fee of $15 per month.  If 
you also sign up for the email plan, you pay an additional $25 per month.  There is also 
an additional, optional pay-per-click plan that class owners can purchase. You are not 
required to use these services as of the date this Disclosure Document was issued.  We 
may change the agency that we authorize to provide marketing services at any time. If 
you are a class owner or business franchisee, we may require you to use these types of 
marketing services in the future at a cost to you. 
You must obtain the insurance coverage required by the Franchise Agreement.  The 
required coverage currently includes worker’s compensation insurance if required by 
law, including employer’s liability if required by law, with limits as required by law, and 
comprehensive general liability insurance in the minimum amount of $1,000,000, 
including personal injury, contractual liability, products and completed operations and 
professional liability coverage.  The required coverage is subject to change.  Jazzercise 
