 
 
38 
76083974\2 
add products or services that Jazzercise does not authorize.  You must use the class 
structure and only those dance fitness routines and programs that have been 
choreographed and approved by Jazzercise.  It is important that the Jazzercise program 
be consistent and incorporates the same elements wherever it is taught.  This benefits 
all of our instructors.  Therefore, you may not use the “Jazzercise” name or any of our 
other trademarks for any other activities. 
Although your classes are confined to a specific territory, you may enroll members and 
sell Jazzercise merchandise to members who come from outside of your territory. 
If you lease a center to conduct Jazzercise dance fitness classes, you may not offer 
products other than Jazzercise products to members in your Jazzercise classes unless 
we consent in writing.  You may engage in a retail business that sells products similar to 
those dance fitness products distributed by Jazzercise if: 
(1) 
You obtain Jazzercise’s prior consent in writing.  The Franchise 
Agreement does not set a time limit for Jazzercise to respond to your request, but 
Jazzercise will ordinarily do so within 30 days; 
(2) 
The business is not conducted from the same premises where the 
Jazzercise dance fitness classes is being conducted; 
(3) 
The business is not identified with Jazzercise; 
(4) 
You do not use any Jazzercise trademark in this business; 
(5) 
The time you devote to this business does not adversely affect your 
Jazzercise business; 
(6) 
You do not use Jazzercise’s confidential lists of members, franchisees and 
other personnel in connection with your other business; and 
(7) 
You obtain sufficient insurance coverage at limits and including coverage 
acceptable to Jazzercise that includes Jazzercise as an additional named insured with 
the right to receive at least 30 days’ prior written notice of any modification, cancellation 
or termination of such policy, and you must provide Jazzercise with evidence of all of 
this. 
You may not use any of the Jazzercise trademarks in a manner that will confuse the 
public as to the origin of any other products or to imply that they are offered under the 
Jazzercise name. 
Jazzercise has the right to change the types of authorized goods and services that you 
provide by making changes to The Studio.  There are no limits on its right to do so 
except that the changes may not materially alter your fundamental rights under the 
Franchise Agreement. 
