 
 
26 
76083974\2 
(7) 
Rendering bookkeeping and accounting services to assist you in preparing 
accountings and reports and for the purpose of maintaining statistical information for 
use by you and Jazzercise (See Franchise Agreement, Paragraph 3D). 
(8) 
Taking all action Jazzercise deems necessary to protect the trademarks 
and goodwill of the Jazzercise name (See Franchise Agreement, Paragraph 3D). 
(9) 
Public relation activities and promotion of the Jazzercise program through 
Jazzercise’s choice of media, which may include newspapers, magazines, public 
appearances, celebrations, benefits and other special events, both nationally and 
regionally (See Franchise Agreement, Paragraph 3D). 
(10) 
Assistance, advice, rehearsal, critiques and guidance in securing and 
preparing demonstrations, celebrations, public performances and other appearances 
(See Franchise Agreement, Paragraph 3D). 
(11) 
Assistance and instruction in contacting the media and organizations for 
promotional purposes (See Franchise Agreement, Paragraph 3D). 
(12) 
Assistance and training in procedures and policy and generally assisting 
you, which is provided through either Jazzercise’s franchise business advisors if you are 
a Business or Class Owner, or Jazzercise’s Business Support or Training & 
Development departments if you are an Associate; and for Business Owners and Class 
Owners only, assistance and training in coordinating class schedules, facilities and 
times and resolving conflicts or disputes between franchisees (See Franchise 
Agreement, Paragraph 3D). 
(13) 
In addition, Jazzercise may create and make available to you a line of 
exercise-oriented clothing and other products for sale to your members (See Franchise 
Agreements for Class Owner and Business Owner, Paragraph 3D). 
(14) 
Evaluation of your proposal to open a new or additional location.  
Currently, you must submit a proposal at least 30 days before your proposed start date 
for a location (See Franchise Agreements for Class Owner and Business Owner, 
Paragraph 4D). 
(15) 
Provide you with suggested retail prices for the Jazzercise lines of clothing 
and other products made available periodically by Jazzercise and Jazzercise Apparel 
for sale to your members (See Franchise Agreements for Class Owner and Business 
Owner, Paragraph 4F(1)). 
(16) 
Jazzercise may send its representative or agent to evaluate your conduct 
or otherwise evaluate your classes to determine whether or not you (or the Jazzercise 
instructor who conducts your classes if you are a business franchisee) are conducting 
them in a manner consistent with Jazzercise’s policy and procedures.  You may be 
required to send Jazzercise a digital file of yourself (or your instructor) teaching a class 
to allow Jazzercise to evaluate your performance periodically (See Franchise 
