 
 
33 
76083974\2 
Jazzercise has used and reserves the right to use other channels of distribution such as 
the Internet, catalog sales, telemarketing or other direct marketing, to make sales of 
products bearing the “Jazzercise” or “Jazzercise Apparel” names or any other name we 
designate to or from any location.  Jazzercise conducts an online fitness program 
through Jazzercise on Demand.  Jazzercise also offers the Simply Plated. nutrition 
program.  Jazzercise also reserves the right to use these channels of distribution to sell 
products or services under different trademarks. 
You are not permitted to have an individual franchisee website.  Jazzercise’s online 
policy and social media policy are integral parts of the Jazzercise System.  Jazzercise 
has the right to review all online content on social media sites, blogs, in electronic 
communications and on other online sites on which its trademarks are used to protect 
the reputation and high quality associated with its trademarks.  Jazzercise may require 
you to remove any questionable usage or content involving its trademarks.  Jazzercise 
may also require you to cease using its trademarks at all on such sites.  If you do not 
comply with Jazzercise’s online policy or social media policy, Jazzercise may take legal 
action to require you to do so, and may terminate your Franchise Agreement. 
Jazzercise operates another dance fitness program under the trademark Revel Dance 
Fitness.  As of the date this Disclosure Document was issued, Jazzercise did not offer 
franchises for this program but it may do so in the future.  Jazzercise operates Revel 
Dance Fitness from its principal office headquarters in Carlsbad, California, and does 
not have separate training facilities.  As of the date this Disclosure Document was 
issued, this program is only offered digitally, although there may be in-person classes at 
dedicated facilities in the future at any location.  From time to time, Jazzercise may 
develop additional new programs under the Jazzercise family of brands. 
ITEM 13 
 
TRADEMARKS 
Jazzercise grants you the right to conduct classes under the name “Jazzercise.”  You 
must also use other trademarks that we develop or prescribe to identify your business 
and its services and products.  By trademark, Jazzercise means trade names, 
trademarks, service marks and logos used to identify your business, its services and its 
products. 
Jazzercise maintains control over the quality of its trademark and trade name usage.  
You must follow our rules when you use these trademarks.  You cannot use a name or 
mark as part of a corporate name or with modifying words, designs or symbols except 
for those which Jazzercise licenses to you.  You may not use Jazzercise’s trademarks 
in the sale of an unauthorized product or service or in a manner not authorized in writing 
by Jazzercise. 
You must abide by Jazzercise’s online policy and social media policy, which include 
approved online activities to promote the Jazzercise program and approved use of its 
trademarks.  Jazzercise’s online policy and social media policy are located in The 
