 
 
12 
Associate 
76281142\2 
C. 
RETURNING FRANCHISEE FEE 
If Franchisee was formerly a franchisee who previously resigned and wishes to 
become a franchisee again within twelve (12) months of resigning, Franchisee must 
submit a movement screening video to Franchisor for Franchisor’s review.  If Franchisor, 
in its sole discretion, agrees to permit Franchisee to become a franchisee again, 
Franchisee shall pay a fee of Two Hundred Fifty Dollars ($250.00).  Franchisee shall also 
sign Franchisor’s then-current Franchise Agreement. 
D. 
RECERTIFICATION FEE 
In the event Franchisee was formerly a franchisee of Franchisor who resigned, and 
Franchisor, in its sole discretion, agrees to permit Franchisee to become a Jazzercise 
instructor again more than twelve (12) months after Franchisee’s resignation, Franchisee 
shall pay a fee of Six Hundred Twenty-Five Dollars ($625.00), payable as follows: 
(1) 
at least Fifty Percent (50%) on the Monday prior to the Initial Training 
Program; and 
(2) 
the remaining balance, if any, via automatic payment deduction thirty (30) 
days after Franchisee completes the Initial Training Program. 
Franchisee shall also sign Franchisor’s then-current Franchise Agreement and 
attend and complete the Initial Training Program to Franchisor’s satisfaction.  The 
recertification fee is fully earned immediately upon payment and is non-refundable. 
E. 
PAYMENT METHOD 
Franchisee must make payments through: (1) a proprietary system for 
management of member transactions and recurring billing accounts, fee payment and 
report submission (“Business Center”); or (2) electronic funds transfer, which may be 
provided by a third party vendor designated by Franchisor.  Franchisee shall execute and 
deliver such instruments and pay any processing fees as are necessary and appropriate 
to effect such transfers. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that Franchisor shall have 
the right at any time to change the designated third party vendor and that the processing 
fees may change.  Franchisor shall have the right to vary the frequency of the due date 
and the method of payment (e.g., from electronic funds transfer to automatic debit) from 
time to time.  The Associate Fee and all other fees are non-refundable. 
F. 
CHARGE ON LATE PAYMENTS; DISHONORED PAYMENTS 
In addition to all other rights and remedies that accrue to Franchisor, in the event 
of any late or overdue payment by Franchisee, Franchisee shall pay a late fee of Fifty 
Dollars ($50.00), except that if Franchisee elects to pay the Associate Fee and any 
insurance premiums owed to Franchisor on a monthly basis, the late fee is Twenty Dollars 
($20.00) for late or overdue payments of the Associate Fee and insurance premiums.  
Franchisee acknowledges that this section does not constitute agreement by Franchisor 
