 
 
10 
Class Owner 
76174021\2 
(11) 
At Franchisor’s option, distribute to Franchisee a line of fitness oriented 
clothing and other products which may vary from time to time, for sale to Franchisee’s 
Jazzercise members, subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4F. 
4. 
OPERATION BY FRANCHISEE 
A. 
OBLIGATIONS OF FRANCHISEE 
Franchisee acknowledges and agrees: 
(1) 
To comply strictly with the requirements and instructions of Franchisor 
regarding the use of trade names, service marks, trademarks, and copyrights in 
connection with the conduct of the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program and the sale of 
products and clothing distributed by Franchisor.  Franchisee agrees to comply strictly  
with all requirements and policies as contained on The Studio, including but not limited 
to the requirements: (i) to purchase upon commencement of his or her business the 
following: microphone, stage and such other equipment as may be necessary from time 
to time to receive transmissions from Franchisor; (ii) that Franchisee successfully 
complete all training and refresher training in cardiovascular pulmonary resuscitation 
recommended by the American Heart Association or the American Red Cross; (iii) that 
Franchisee provide Franchisor with updated information on members upon request; (iv) 
that Franchisee offer Franchisor’s online program known as On Demand to 
Franchisee’s members in accordance with Franchisor’s then-current policies; and (v) 
that Franchisee reimburse members for fees they have paid for classes that are not 
given.  If Franchisee fails to do so, Franchisor may reimburse such members and 
Franchisee must immediately reimburse Franchisor for such amounts.  If Franchisee 
elects to offer the nutrition program Simply Plated. (or if Franchisor requires Franchisee 
to offer such program), Franchisee shall offer the Simply Plated. program to 
Franchisee’s members in accordance with Franchisor’s then-current policies. Franchisor 
may also provide Franchisee from time to time with other information and policies and 
procedures on subjects such as marketing, public relations and style presentation; 
(2) 
To maintain a uniformity of operation in accordance with the Franchisor 
methods, consistent with all provisions of Franchisor’s policy and procedures as set 
forth on The Studio, as may be changed from time to time.  Franchisee will utilize the 
class structure and only those dance fitness routines and programs which have been 
choreographed and approved by Franchisor in order to maintain a uniform System; 
(3) 
To use his or her best efforts in seeking and arranging for facilities on a 
reasonable rental basis for the conduct of classes and in promoting the highest possible 
class attendance by advertising and promoting the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program; 
Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisee is required to teach a minimum number of 
classes per month, as set forth from time to time on The Studio; 
(4) 
To conduct himself or herself in a professional manner, exhibiting the high 
standards expected by Franchisor and to exercise sound business judgment while a 
franchisee.  Franchisee shall conduct himself or herself in a manner which does not 
