 
 
8 
76083974\2 
Type of Fee 
Amount 
Due Date 
Remarks 
Attorney’s Fees 
Reasonable attorney’s 
fees and costs 
Upon 
determination of 
prevailing party 
See Note 9. 
Advertising 
Contribution 
To be determined 
Upon demand 
See Note 10. 
Insurance Payment 
$245.00 to $345.00 
November 1 if paid 
in full, or monthly 
See Note 11. 
Technology Fee 
To be determined 
Upon demand 
See Note 12. 
 
All fees are uniformly imposed by and are payable to Jazzercise, unless otherwise 
noted.  Some fees may be discounted for employees of Jazzercise who are or become 
franchisees.  Jazzercise requires you to pay these fees and submit reports utilizing its 
website.  All fees are non-refundable.  Jazzercise may institute periodic incentive 
programs.  If you experience an extreme hardship (e.g., personal hardship or a natural 
disaster such as a hurricane or flood), Jazzercise will consider a temporary waiver of 
your fees upon request.   
Notes: 
1. 
In general, gross member enrollment fees are all amounts paid by members for 
your classes, less sales or other taxes collected from your members.  As soon as 
you begin teaching, you are required to pay 20% of gross member enrollment 
fees for all programs, except children’s programs, special events and personal 
touch programs for which you are required to pay 10%.  If you are a newly 
certified class owner instructor on active status, then you begin paying the 
minimum continuing fee of $250.00 per month when you begin conducting your 
business.  Some franchisees who became class owner instructors on active 
status before and as of March 31, 2015 pay a minimum continuing fee of $150.00 
per month.  Jazzercise may raise this minimum continuing fee up to $500.00 
during the term of your Franchise Agreement.  If you are a newly certified 
business owner on active status, then you begin paying the minimum continuing 
fee of $500.00 per month when you begin conducting your business. Jazzercise 
may raise this minimum monthly fee to up to $1,000 per month during the term of 
your Franchise Agreement.  Jazzercise may periodically institute waiver or rebate 
programs which are subject to change at any time.  Continuing fees/Royalties are 
currently remitted in the month following the month in which revenues were 
collected.  Royalties may be netted out of and paid directly from your Glofox 
Stripe account, or may be billed to you through JES or another payment system 
Jazzercise utilizes.  In the future, Jazzercise may collect royalties at the time of 
the transaction. 
2. 
The fee is payable in one lump sum on November 1 of each year in the amount 
of $130.00 prospectively for the subsequent 12 months or in monthly payments 
