 
 
19 
Business Owner 
76269720\2 
lowest rate allowed under local law, and (2) written receipts from the appropriate taxing 
authority certifying that payments have been made on Franchisor’s behalf at the rates 
previously communicated to Franchisor. 
8. 
REPORTING AND RECORD KEEPING 
A. 
COMPUTER SYSTEM 
Franchisee shall acquire and maintain a personal computer (PC) system and 
maintain Internet access which meets or exceeds Franchisor’s specifications as set 
forth in The Studio, including, but not limited to, a high speed Internet connection and 
browser sufficient to download all documents and files and access all websites (whether 
intranet or extranet) as Franchisor shall specify from time to time, computer memory 
sufficient to store such documents and files and to run Franchisor's proprietary 
computer software program, an active and functional e-mail address, the ability to 
download music and video and a printer.  Franchisee shall maintain, repair, upgrade or 
update any computer equipment used in the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program to 
maintain compatibility with any designated software and the ability to access The Studio 
and Franchisor’s other proprietary software systems.  Franchisee acknowledges and 
agrees that Franchisor requires Franchisee to obtain material, submit reports and make 
payments via the Jazzercise Business Center portal, as specified by Franchisor, and 
that Franchisor does not provide hard copies of any materials nor permit non-online 
payments. 
B. 
SOFTWARE 
Franchisee shall use Franchisor’s proprietary software as follows:   
(1) 
The Jazzercise Business Center; 
(2) 
Glofox, a third party studio management platform to manage member 
registration and attendance, tickets and classes;  
(3) 
The Studio; and 
(4) 
The Routines Database, a proprietary system for the streaming of videos 
of Jazzercise choreographed routines, choreography notes and teaching tips. 
Franchisee must also install and maintain a virus protection software suite.   
Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that: (a) Franchisor shall have the right to 
change or modify the required software and to charge a fee in the future; (b) Franchisor 
may replace this software with its own or a third party software; (c) Franchisor may 
require that it have independent access to the information on Franchisee’s computer 
system, including the right to download any information; and (d) neither Franchisor nor 
any affiliate of Franchisor has any obligation to provide ongoing maintenance, repairs, 
upgrades or updates to any of the computer hardware or software used in the 
Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program. 
