 
 
25 
Business Owner 
76269720\2 
copyrights, Franchisee shall promptly notify Franchisor.  Thereupon, Franchisor shall, in 
its sole discretion, determine whether or not it wishes to undertake any action against 
such third party on account of said person’s alleged infringement of the Marks or 
copyrights.  In the event Franchisor undertakes such action, it shall have the authority 
and power of attorney to prosecute or settle such action.  Franchisee agrees to render 
such assistance as Franchisor requires and agrees to cooperate fully with Franchisor to 
carry out the prosecution of any such action.  Franchisee shall have no right to 
prosecute any claim of any kind or nature whatsoever against such alleged infringer for 
or on account of said alleged infringement. 
E. 
DISCONTINUANCE OF USE OF TRADEMARKS 
If it becomes advisable at any time in Franchisor’s sole discretion for Franchisee 
to modify or discontinue use of any Mark or any items of Trade Dress or use one or 
more additional or substitute marks or items, Franchisee agrees to comply with 
Franchisor’s directions to modify or otherwise discontinue the use of such Mark or item 
of Trade Dress and to accept, use and display such additional marks or items of trade 
dress within a reasonable time after notice thereof by Franchisor but in no event more 
than thirty (30) days after receiving notice from Franchisor.  Franchisor shall not be 
obligated to compensate Franchisee for any costs incurred by Franchisee in connection 
with any such addition, modification or discontinuance.  
F. 
SOCIAL MEDIA POLICY 
Franchisee agrees and acknowledges that Franchisor’s on-line policy and social 
media policy are integral components of the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program.  
Franchisee agrees and acknowledges that Franchisee is obligated to comply with 
Franchisor on-line policy which is subject to change by Franchisor from time to time.  
Franchisee shall not register a domain name, create or maintain a website or electronic 
mail address utilizing the Marks or any name similar to the Marks or relating in any way 
to the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program without Franchisor’s prior written consent.  In 
the event Franchisee conducts any on-line promotional strategies, such on-line 
promotional strategies shall comply with Franchisor’s on-line policy.  Franchisee further 
agrees and acknowledges that Franchisor shall have the right to review and monitor all 
on-line content on social media sites, blogs, electronic communication and on other on-
line sites on which its trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights or any similar 
marks are used.  Franchisee agrees to remove any usage or content that Franchisor 
requires, including without limitation, content that Franchisor deems to be scandalous, 
immoral or detrimental to Franchisor’s image.  Franchisee further agrees and 
acknowledges that Franchisor may prohibit use of its trademarks, service marks, trade 
names, copyrights or any similar marks on any site or all sites.  Franchisee agrees and 
acknowledges that failure to comply with Franchisor’s on-line policy or social media 
policy is a material breach of this Agreement. 
