 
 
17 
Business Owner 
76269720\2 
(2) 
the remaining balance, if any, via automatic payment deduction thirty (30) 
days after Franchisee completes the Initial Training Program. 
If Franchisee elects not to attend the Initial Training Program or fails to complete 
the Initial Training Program to Franchisor’s satisfaction, this Agreement shall terminate 
and Franchisor shall refund the initial franchise fee to Franchisee less Two Hundred 
Fifty Dollars ($250.00).  Except as provided above, the initial franchise fee is fully 
earned immediately upon payment and is non-refundable. 
B. 
CONTINUING FEE/ROYALTIES  
Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor within five (5) days following the end of each 
calendar month, a continuing fee equal to ten percent (10%) of Gross Member 
Enrollment Fees paid to Franchisee during each calendar month with respect to 
children’s programs, special events and personal touch programs and twenty percent 
(20%) of all Gross Member Enrollment Fees paid each calendar month with respect to 
all other programs conducted pursuant to this Agreement (“Continuing Fee”) and any 
other amounts due to Franchisor including, without limitation, all revenues related to the 
sale of digital add-on products.  “Gross Member Enrollment Fees” means any and all 
amounts paid by members with respect to the Franchisee’s classes regardless of who 
collects the payments, but exclusive of sales and other taxes collected from 
Franchisee’s members.  Gross Member Enrollment Fees shall be considered received 
when billed.  Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor a minimum monthly Continuing Fee 
that is currently Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00) to defray the cost to Franchisor for the 
on-going services provided to Franchisee.  Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that 
this Continuing Fee may be increased at any time and from time to time during the term 
of this Agreement up to One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00).  The Continuing Fee is not 
refundable under any circumstances including, without limitation, in the event 
Franchisee changes status. 
C. 
MARKETING FEE 
Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that Franchisor shall have the right to 
establish a marketing fund (“Marketing Fund”) to which Franchisee will be required to 
contribute an amount to be designated by Franchisor (“Marketing Fee”). Franchisor 
may arrange with a third party to administer the Marketing Fund.  
D. 
PERFORMANCE ROYALTIES 
Franchisee may, under copyright law, be required to pay certain performance 
royalties for the use of music.  In the event payment is required, Franchisor reserves the 
right to contract for the payment of these royalties on behalf of Franchisee.  The cost to 
Franchisee is based upon the contractual agreement between Franchisor and 
performing licensing organizations and the range of the number of each franchisee’s 
members.  Upon collection of the proportionate sums due from franchisees, Franchisor 
shall hold Franchisee harmless from any claims for the specific royalties charged to and 
paid for by Franchisee. 
