 
 
40 
Business Owner 
76269720\2 
can adequately represent the interest of others.  Therefore, the parties agree that any 
arbitration, suit, action or other legal proceeding shall be conducted and resolved on an 
individual basis only and not on a class-wide, multiple plaintiff, consolidated or similar 
basis. 
(5) 
The prevailing party in any legal proceeding will be entitled to recover as 
an element of such party’s cost of arbitration, suit or proceeding, and not as damages, 
reasonable attorney’s fees to be fixed by the arbitrator or by the court.  Nothing in this 
Agreement shall be construed as limiting or precluding either party from bringing any 
action in any court of competent jurisdiction for injunctive or other extraordinary relief, 
without the necessity of posting a bond (and if bond shall nevertheless be required, the 
parties agree that the sum of One Hundred Dollars ($100.00) shall be sufficient bond), 
in connection with the Marks, Trade Dress, Proprietary Information or Trade Secrets.  
The parties shall have the immediate right to seek such injunctive or other extraordinary 
relief at any time, including without limitation, during the pendency of an arbitration or 
other proceeding.  This covenant shall be independent, severable and enforceable 
notwithstanding any other rights or remedies which such party may have.  
K. 
RELATIONSHIP OF PARTIES 
(1) 
Nothing herein contained shall be deemed or construed to create the 
relationship of principal and agent, partnership, joint venture or employment, or a 
fiduciary relationship, and neither party shall hold itself out as an agent, legal 
representative, partner, subsidiary, joint venturer, servant or employee of the other party 
or its affiliate.  With respect to all matters pertaining to the operation of the business 
conducted hereunder, Franchisee is, and shall be, an independent contractor.  Neither 
Franchisor nor Franchisee has the right to bind or obligate the other to any obligations 
or debts. 
(2) 
It is acknowledged that Franchisee is the independent owner of its 
business, shall be in full control thereof, and shall conduct such business in accordance 
with its own judgment and discretion, subject only to the provisions of this Agreement.  
Franchisee shall conspicuously identify itself as the independent owner of its business 
and as a franchisee of Franchisor.  No party hereto shall be obligated by, or have any 
liability for, any agreements, representations or warranties made by the other nor shall 
Franchisor be liable for any damages to any person or property, directly or indirectly, 
arising out of the operation of Franchisee’s business, whether caused by Franchisee’s 
negligent or willful action or failure to act.  Neither party shall have liability for any sale, 
use, excise, income, property or other tax levied upon the business conducted by the 
other party or in connection with the services performed or business conducted by it or 
any expenses incurred by it. 
(3) 
Franchisee’s employees are under Franchisee’s sole control.  Franchisor 
is not the employer or joint employer of Franchisee’s employees.  Franchisor will not 
exercise direct or indirect control of Franchisee’s employees’ working conditions.  
Franchisor does not share or codetermine the terms and conditions of employment of 
Franchisee’s employees or participate in matters relating to the employment relationship 
