 
 
15 
Associate 
76281142\2 
of the Marks, its applications for registration, or registration of, or the validity or 
enforceability of, any of the Marks or Franchisor’s right to use and license the Marks.  
Franchisee also agrees not to acquire or use any trademarks that are similar or identical 
to the Marks.  Franchisee agrees that its usage of the Marks and any goodwill established 
thereby shall inure to the exclusive benefit of Franchisor and its affiliate. 
B. 
LIMITATIONS ON FRANCHISEE’S USE OF MARKS AND TRADE 
DRESS 
If local laws require that Franchisee file a registration stating that Franchisee is 
conducting business under an assumed name or trade name, Franchisee shall state in 
such document that it is conducting such business as a franchisee of Franchisor.  
Franchisee shall not use any of the Marks or similar words or colorable imitations thereof 
as part of any name of any corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other 
business entity, or with any other prefix, suffix or other modifying words, terms, designs 
or symbols, or in any modified form or as part of any domain name, web address or similar 
electronic use; nor may Franchisee use any of the Marks in connection with the sale of 
any unauthorized products or service or in any other manner not explicitly authorized in 
writing by Franchisor or which may, in the judgment of Franchisor, be in bad taste or 
inconsistent with Franchisor’s public image or tend to bring disparagement, ridicule or 
scorn upon Franchisor, its trade names or the goodwill associated therewith.  Franchisee 
shall not use or display, or permit the use or display, of the trademarks, trade names, 
service marks, insignias, logotypes or any other commercial symbols or trade dress of 
any other person or entity in connection with the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program 
without the prior written consent of Franchisor, or as expressly permitted on The Studio. 
C. 
COPYRIGHTS 
Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor and/or its affiliate has developed, and 
may further develop during the term of this Agreement, certain artistic designs, and 
certain other word combinations and other materials designated for use by Franchisee.  
Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor and/or its affiliate retains all right, title and 
interest thereto as provided by copyright law to the originator of works and, further, that 
Franchisee is licensed to use such copyrighted materials solely in accordance with the 
terms and during the term of this Agreement.  Franchisee agrees and acknowledges that, 
if Franchisee develops any materials for use in the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program 
that Franchisor approves, Franchisor may incorporate such materials in the System and 
the copyright for any such materials shall belong to Franchisor without any further action 
required by the parties. 
D. 
DEFENSE OF TRADEMARKS AND COPYRIGHTS 
(1) 
In the event that Franchisee receives notice or learns of a claim, suit, 
demand or proceeding against Franchisee on account of any alleged infringement, unfair 
competition, or similar matter relating to Franchisee’s use of the Marks or of any of 
Franchisor’s or its affiliate’s copyrights in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, 
Franchisee shall promptly notify Franchisor of such claim, suit, demand or proceeding.  
