 
 
31 
76083974\2 
Jazzercise does not charge for this training or service.  As of the date this Disclosure 
Document was issued, training is online but if we decide to conduct training in person, 
you must pay your travel and living expenses while attending the training if it is 
conducted at a location that is not near your residence or if you choose to attend 
training conducted that is not near your residence.  These expenses will vary from 
$50.00 or less to a higher amount depending on the method of transportation and type 
of accommodations if the training is conducted at a location that is not near your 
residence. 
The training program is mandatory for all new franchisees and for recertifying 
franchisees.  You must complete the training program to Jazzercise’s satisfaction within 
six months after signing the Franchise Agreement.  You may also have to attend and 
satisfactorily complete the training program or parts of it to receive Jazzercise’s consent 
to change your status from an instructor licensed only to teach classes with low impact 
routines or children’s programs to an instructor licensed to teach other classes, or from 
a business franchisee to a franchisee who is an instructor (see Item 6). 
You must comply with all of Jazzercise’s requests to attend training sessions.  As of the 
date this Disclosure Document was issued, we regularly host franchise meetings that 
you may, but are not required to, attend.  In the future, we may require you to attend 
franchisee meetings. 
ITEM 12 
 
TERRITORY 
You will not receive an exclusive territory.  You may face competition from other 
franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or 
competitive brands that we control. 
You are granted a non-exclusive right to conduct the Jazzercise dance fitness program 
at designated facilities and on approved dates and times within a non-exclusive territory.  
Territories are a state or a portion of a state. 
Before you open a new location, close a location or transfer classes to a new location, 
you must obtain Jazzercise’s written consent.  As of the date this Disclosure Document 
was issued, the process was as follows:  You must submit your proposal to open or 
relocate a location at least 30 days before the proposed start date of a location.  In 
general, the criteria for approval by Jazzercise for opening a location or for relocating a 
location are whether there are other locations in the same geographic area at or near 
the same days and times, whether these classes are at capacity, member demand and 
the need for additional locations in an area.  Jazzercise may change this process and 
the criteria for approval of new locations at any time.   
Jazzercise may license additional franchisees in your territory when it determines there 
is a sufficient number of potential members to warrant additional classes or instructors 
in a given area or facility, or when Jazzercise determines there is a need for associate 
