 
76083974\2 
ITEM 1 
 
THE FRANCHISOR, AND ANY PARENTS, 
PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES 
To simplify the language in this Disclosure Document, “Jazzercise” means the 
franchisor - Jazzercise, Inc., a California corporation.  “You” means the person who 
buys the franchise.  Jazzercise is a California corporation that was incorporated on 
September 26, 1979.  Jazzercise, Inc. does business as Jazzercise.  Our principal 
business address is 2460 Impala Drive, Carlsbad, California 92010-7226.  Before 1979, 
Jazzercise’s predecessor, Judi Sheppard Missett, operated the Jazzercise dance 
fitness program as a sole proprietorship.  Jazzercise does not have any affiliates that 
offer franchises or provide products or services to Jazzercise’s franchisees.  Jazzercise 
does not have any parents. 
Jazzercise’s agents for service of process are disclosed in Exhibit B. 
Jazzercise conducts a dance fitness program and licenses instructors to do so as well.  
The program’s aim is to promote total fitness through dance.  Instructors lead classes 
through dance routines that are choreographed to popular tunes.  Instructors learn 
these dance routines from videos streamed on the Jazzercise Routines Database.  
Jazzercise may change the medium (e.g., digital recording, Internet or other electronic 
transmission) by which it transmits the choreographed routines to you.  Jazzercise 
currently makes choreography notes on its website available to you for download and 
printing.  In addition, Jazzercise operates a division called “Jazzercise Apparel” that 
distributes products such as clothing, accessories, equipment and business items 
bearing the “Jazzercise” name and any other names we develop.  Jazzercise also offers 
members an online exercise program called Jazzercise On Demand and a nutrition 
program called Simply Plated.  Simply Plated. is an online education-based nutrition 
subscription program where Jazzercise provides a starter guide and meal plan, recipes 
and videos. 
Some instructors are class owners and sign a Franchise Agreement specific to class 
owners.  Other instructors are associate instructors who only teach classes for other 
franchisees.  Associate instructors sign a different form of Franchise Agreement.  Some 
instructors are licensed to conduct a dance fitness program consisting solely of low 
impact formats. These instructors sign the LO Jazzercise Addendum in addition to the 
Franchise Agreement.  Some instructors are licensed to conduct a dance fitness 
program solely limited to children’s programs.  These instructors sign the Junior 
Jazzercise Addendum in addition to the Franchise Agreement.  There are also business 
owner franchisees who offer Jazzercise dance fitness classes but do not teach the 
classes themselves.  These franchisees sign the Business Owner Franchise Agreement 
and retain certified Jazzercise instructors to teach their classes. 
An essential part of the Jazzercise dance fitness program is its online and social media 
policies.  All instructors must comply with these policies.  In particular, you may not post 
any content that is scandalous, immoral, or detrimental to Jazzercise’s image, whether 
