 
76083974\2 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
Jazzercise, Inc. 
a California corporation 
2460 Impala Drive 
Carlsbad, California  92010-7226 
Telephone:  (760) 476-1750 
Website: www.Jazzercise.com 
Email:  support@jazzercise.com 
 
The franchisee will act as an Instructor of the Jazzercise dance fitness program. 
The total investment necessary to begin operation of a Jazzercise franchised business 
is approximately $2,170 to $2,780 if you are an associate franchisee and ranges from 
$3,935 to $40,745 if you are a class owner or business owner franchisee.  These 
amounts include $1,250 that must be paid to the franchisor or its affiliate. 
This disclosure document summarizes certain provisions of your franchise agreement 
and other information in plain English.  Read this disclosure document and all 
accompanying agreements carefully.  You must receive this disclosure document at 
least 14 calendar days before you sign a binding agreement with, or make any payment 
to, the franchisor or an affiliate in connection with the proposed franchise sale.  Note, 
however, that no governmental agency has verified the information contained in 
this document. 
The terms of your contract will govern your franchise relationship.  Don’t rely on the 
disclosure document alone to understand your contract.  Read all of your contract 
carefully.  Show your contract and this disclosure document to an advisor, like a lawyer 
or an accountant. 
Buying a franchise is a complex investment.  The information in this disclosure 
document can help you make up your mind.  More information on franchising such as “A 
Consumer’s Guide to Buying a Franchise,” which can help you understand how to use 
this disclosure document, is available from the Federal Trade Commission.  You can 
contact the FTC at 1-877-FTC-HELP or by writing to the FTC at 600 Pennsylvania 
Avenue, NW, Washington, D.C. 20580.  You can also visit the FTC’s home page at 
www.ftc.gov for additional information.  Call your state agency or visit your public library 
for other sources of information on franchising. 
There may also be laws on franchising in your state.  Ask your state agencies about 
them. 
Issuance Date: March 1, 2025. 
 
 
 
