 
 
32 
76083974\2 
instructors.  On occasion, a new franchisee is appointed as an associate only or a new 
franchisee may be appointed in a territory in which only one class is available to be 
taught at a particular facility.  In these cases the franchisee may be limited to 
substituting only or teaching this one class plus substituting for other franchisees until 
additional classes or facilities become available.  Associate instructors are franchisees 
who do not own their own classes but who teach classes for other franchisees on a 
short or long term basis.  You must make your own arrangements if you use associate 
instructors.  There are some guidelines for using associate instructors, which are 
described in The Studio.  You must also make your own arrangements with instructors if 
you are a business franchisee.  There are laws concerning the distinction between 
employees and independent contractors.  Jazzercise recommends that you consult with 
your own advisors on how these laws apply to you and how to structure your 
arrangements with associate instructors and the impact of those arrangements. 
Some instructors are licensed to conduct a dance fitness program consisting solely of 
routines with low impact formats and children’s programs.  Other instructors are 
licensed to conduct a dance fitness program consisting solely of children’s programs. 
If you want to change your status from associate instructor to class owner or vice versa, 
you must first obtain Jazzercise’s consent through its franchise business advisor.  There 
may be conditions that you must satisfy in order for the consent to be effective.  This 
also applies to instructors who are licensed only to teach classes with low impact 
routines or children’s classes and wish to change their status to instructors certified to 
teach other classes, and to business franchisees who wish to change their status to 
become instructors. 
Jazzercise has not granted any options, rights of first refusal or similar rights to acquire 
additional franchises as of the date this Disclosure Document was issued, but it 
reserves the right to do so. 
Jazzercise conducts the dance fitness program at company-owned facilities in 
Oceanside and Carlsbad, California.  Jazzercise may open additional company-owned 
facilities. 
You must teach a minimum number of classes as provided in The Studio, except if you 
are a business owner and do not teach classes.  This may change periodically and is 
four classes per month as of the date this Disclosure Document was issued.  If you do 
not teach the minimum number of classes, you will be in breach of your Franchise 
Agreement and it may be terminated. Your non-exclusive right to conduct business in 
your territory is not dependent upon a certain sales volume, market penetration or other 
contingency.  However, you are required to pay the minimum continuing fee of $250.00 
per month if you are a class owner.  This may further increase to $500.00 per month.  If 
you are an associate instructor, the minimum annual fee is $130.00 if you pay in one 
lump sum or $13.00 per month if you pay monthly.  This fee may further increase to 
$300.00 annually if paid in one lump sum.  If you are a business franchisee, the 
minimum continuing fee is $500.00 per month. This may further increase to $1,000 per 
month. 
