 
 
16 
76083974\2 
value rent for your geographic region.  Typical locations are strip shopping malls 
and light industrial areas.  There may also be additional costs for utility deposits 
and office furniture and equipment, as well as expenses related to remodeling, 
leasehold improvements, decorating and similar costs.  However, if you do not 
rent a facility on your own, you will not have these costs.  The refundability of 
these payments depends upon the agreement between you and your lessor and 
suppliers. 
7. 
This amount includes the cost of purchasing a variety of exercise apparel to wear 
when you start teaching. 
8. 
This amount includes costs for audio recordings and the insurance premium 
payments if you did not pay them before opening.  If you are a class owner, you 
may teach all of your classes yourself or hire associates to teach your classes.  If 
you are a business owner, you must hire associates to teach your classes.  The 
high amount in this range also includes the cost of hiring cleaners to clean your 
facility or offering childcare at your facility during class hours.  You may have 
additional expenses during the initial period of operations.  Jazzercise bases its 
estimate of these expenses on its experience and the experience of its 
franchisees.  This is not a breakeven analysis. 
9. 
These figures are estimates and Jazzercise cannot guarantee that you will not 
have additional expenses starting the business.  You should review these figures 
carefully with a business advisor before making any decision to purchase the 
franchise. 
Jazzercise does not offer direct or indirect financing to franchisees for any items. 
ITEM 8 
 
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES 
OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
New routines are available only from Jazzercise.  Jazzercise does not currently charge 
you for new routines but may do so in the future.  Jazzercise currently sends new 
routines through video streaming.  However, Jazzercise may change the medium (e.g., 
digital recording, Internet or other electronic transmission) by which it transmits new 
routines to you at any time, and this may require you to make additional expenditures 
for equipment to receive these transmissions, such as a computer system that can 
download music and video files.  Jazzercise currently makes choreography notes on its 
website available to you for download and printing. 
You must purchase audio recordings for each song used with each routine.  You may 
purchase the audio recordings from music websites such as iTunes or from any source 
available to you.  Some of the audio recordings for songs used in new routines may be 
special recordings and may only be available from the music artist.  You should 
anticipate purchasing new recordings monthly at a current annual cost of approximately 
