 
 
2 
76083974\2 
on a website or in any electronic format including in any of your non-business Internet 
sites or activities.  If you violate these policies, you may lose your franchise. 
The general market for the services a Jazzercise instructor offers is the general public. 
In addition to laws and regulations that apply to businesses generally, franchisees must 
comply with regulations concerning the use of recorded music.  These regulations 
include a prohibition on duplicating recordings and the obligation to pay a fee (see Item 
6) to performing rights societies (e.g., ASCAP, BMI, SESAC and GMR).  In addition, you 
may be subject to health club regulations in your state, city and county.  These 
regulations may include registration and bonding requirements and may require training 
for the use and maintenance of automated external defibrillators.  You may have to pay 
a registration fee.  Some states require training and certification in cardio pulmonary 
resuscitation (CPR).  Among the laws that apply to businesses generally are those 
concerning employees and independent contractors.  You should consult with your own 
advisors and the Office of the Attorney General and the Consumer Protection Division in 
your state for information on how these laws apply to you and how to structure your 
arrangements with anyone who assists with your classes and with other instructors, and 
the impact of such arrangements.  You must also comply with all data protection and 
privacy laws.  In particular, you may not copy, transfer or use data on current or past 
members such as their names, addresses, phone numbers or email addresses, or 
provide that information to third parties. 
Your competitors include other dance fitness classes, boutique fitness studios and 
fitness clubs. 
Jazzercise has offered franchises to conduct the Jazzercise dance fitness program 
since July 1982.  Jazzercise has offered the Junior Jazzercise Addendum since 2000.  
Jazzercise began offering a Business Addendum in 2004 and currently offers a 
separate Franchise Agreement for business owners.  It has offered the LO Jazzercise 
Addendum since 2017, which is a combination of two separate addenda that Jazzercise 
previously offered – a Lite Jazzercise Addendum beginning in 1996 and a Low Impact 
Addendum beginning in 2011.  Jazzercise has offered a nutrition program called Simply 
Plated. since 2023 (and previously offered a different weight management program from 
1989 to 1995).  Jazzercise has conducted a dance fitness business since its 
incorporation and its predecessor began conducting this business in 1969.  Jazzercise’s 
predecessor did not grant franchises.  Neither Jazzercise nor its predecessor has 
offered franchises in any other line of business. 
