 
 
20 
Associate 
76281142\2 
served by Franchisor upon Franchisee shall in no way preclude Franchisor from 
specifying additional or supplemental breaches in any action, arbitration, hearing or suit 
relating to this Agreement or its termination. 
D. 
CROSS DEFAULT AND CROSS TERMINATION 
Any default or breach by Franchisee of any other agreement between the parties 
shall constitute a breach or default under the Franchise Agreement, and any default or 
breach by Franchisee of the Franchise Agreement shall constitute a breach or default 
under any other such agreement. 
E. 
NO WAIVER 
The description of any default in any notice served upon Franchisee shall in no 
way preclude Franchisor from specifying additional or supplemental defaults in any 
action, arbitration, hearing or suit relating to this Agreement or the termination hereof. 
F. 
ENFORCEMENT 
Franchisee acknowledges that the decision to enforce or not to enforce compliance 
with Franchisor’s rules and regulations by other franchisees shall not affect Franchisor’s 
right to enforce such rules and regulations against Franchisee, even under similar 
circumstances. 
12. 
RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS UPON TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION 
A. 
PAYMENT OF AMOUNTS OWED TO FRANCHISOR 
Franchisee agrees to pay Franchisor immediately after the effective date of 
termination or expiration of this Agreement, all amounts due to Franchisor and all other 
amounts owed to Franchisor or its affiliates which are then unpaid.  Franchisee 
acknowledges that if Franchisee shall fail to pay all amounts owed Franchisor may assign 
its right to collect such amounts to a debt collection agency. 
B. 
MARKS 
After the termination or expiration of this Agreement, Franchisee will: 
(1) 
not directly or indirectly at any time or in any manner identify Franchisee or 
any business with which Franchisee is affiliated as a current or former franchisee or 
licensee of Franchisor, or as otherwise associated with Franchisor, or use any Mark, any 
imitation thereof or other indicia of the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program in any manner 
or for any purpose, or utilize for any purpose any trade name, trade or service mark or 
other commercial symbol that suggests or indicates a connection or association, or former 
connection or association, with Franchisor; 
