 
 
68642671\2 
a currently effective injunction or restrictive order relating to any other 
business activity as a result of an action brought by a public agency or 
department, including, without limitation, actions affecting a license as a 
real estate broker or sales agent.” 
3. Item 4.  Item 4 of the Disclosure Document is amended by deleting the disclosure 
and substituting the following: 
“Neither we, our affiliate, our predecessor nor our officers during the 10-
year period immediately before the date of the Disclosure Document: (a) 
filed as debtor (or had filed against it) a petition to start an action under the 
U.S. Bankruptcy Code; (b) obtained a discharge of its debts under the 
bankruptcy code; or (c) was a principal officer of a company or a general 
partner in a partnership that either filed as a debtor (or had filed against it) 
a petition to start an action under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or that 
obtained a discharge of its debts under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code during 
or within one year after the officer or general partner of the franchisor held 
this position in the company or partnership.” 
4. The following disclosure is added to Item 5: 
“The initial franchise fee will be deposited in Jazzercise’s general 
revenues and used to defray expenses.” 
5. The initial training described in Item 11 of the Disclosure Document will be 
scheduled for franchisees virtually as needed. 
6. As described in Item 12, a franchisee is granted the right to conduct classes in a 
non-exclusive territory.  Each non-exclusive territory is the size of a state or a 
portion of a state and franchisees are appointed in a non-exclusive territory 
depending on such factors as population, the number of existing instructors in the 
territory and the times at which their classes are conducted. 
7. The following is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17(c) titled 
“Requirements for franchisee to renew or extend,” and Item 17(m), titled 
“Conditions for franchisor approval of transfer”: 
“However, to the extent required by applicable law, all rights you enjoy and 
any causes of action arising in your favor from the provisions of Article 33 
of the General Business Law of the State of New York and the regulations 
issued thereunder shall remain in force; it being the intent of this proviso 
that the non-waiver provisions of General Business Law Sections 687.4 
and 687.5 be satisfied.” 
8. The following language replaces the “Summary” section if Item 17(d), titled 
“Termination by franchisee”: 
“You may terminate the agreement on any grounds available by law.” 
9. The following is added to the end of the Summary” sections of Item 17(v), titled 
“Choice of forum” and Item 17(w), titled “Choice of law”: 
