 
 
7 
Associate 
76281142\2 
4. 
OPERATION BY FRANCHISEE 
A. 
OBLIGATIONS OF FRANCHISEE 
Franchisee acknowledges and agrees: 
(1) 
To comply strictly with the requirements and instructions of Franchisor 
regarding the use of trade names, service marks, trademarks, and copyrights in 
connection with the conduct of the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program.  Franchisee 
agrees to comply strictly with all requirements and policies as contained on The Studio, 
including but not limited to the requirement to purchase the following:  microphone and 
such other equipment as may be necessary from time to time to receive transmissions 
from Franchisor; and the requirement that Franchisee successfully complete all training 
and refresher training in cardiovascular pulmonary resuscitation recommended by the 
American Heart Association or the American Red Cross.  Franchisor may also provide 
Franchisee from time to time with other information and policies and procedures on 
subjects such as marketing, public relations and style presentation; 
(2) 
To maintain a uniformity of operation in accordance with the Franchisor 
methods, consistent with all provisions of Franchisor’s policy and procedures as set forth 
on The Studio, as may be changed from time to time.  Franchisee will utilize the class 
structure and only those dance fitness routines and programs which have been 
choreographed and approved by Franchisor in order to maintain a uniform System; 
(3) 
That Franchisee is required to teach a minimum number of classes per 
month, as set forth from time to time on The Studio; 
(4) 
To conduct himself or herself in a professional manner, exhibiting the high 
standards expected by Franchisor and to exercise sound business judgment while a 
franchisee.  Franchisee shall conduct himself or herself in a manner which does not 
demean the reputation enjoyed by Franchisor as a physically and mentally stimulating 
and healthy dance exercise program. 
B. 
MEMBER SERVICE 
Franchisee acknowledges and agrees to provide prompt, courteous, friendly and 
efficient service to all members at all times.  Franchisee shall in all dealings with all 
members and the public, adhere to the highest standards of honesty, integrity, fair dealing 
and ethical conduct.  Franchisee agrees not to deviate from the standards, specifications 
and operating procedures set forth in this Agreement and The Studio in order to ensure 
uniformity and quality of services offered to the public under the Marks. 
C. 
PURCHASE OF PRODUCTS; APPROVED SUPPLIERS 
(1) 
Franchisee shall purchase any and all products, equipment, supplies and 
services bearing the Marks that are required or used in the operation of the Jazzercise 
Dance Fitness Program only from manufacturers, suppliers or distributors from time to 
time designated in writing by Franchisor.  Franchisee agrees and acknowledges that 
