 
 
36 
Business Owner 
76269720\2 
operate or to provide the services contemplated by this Agreement, the obligation on 
the part of that party to operate or to provide such services shall be postponed during 
the period when such party is unable to do so; provided, however, that this provision 
shall not affect a party’s obligation to make payments required by this Agreement; and 
provided, further, that in no event shall such postponement last longer than six (6) 
months. 
B. 
GRAMMAR 
References to any gender in this Agreement shall include any other gender. 
Words in the singular shall include the plural and vice versa, wherever the context 
requires. 
C. 
INTERPRETATION 
References in the Agreement to actions, rights, decisions or options to be 
exercised in Franchisor’s discretion shall mean the sole, absolute and unfettered 
discretion of Franchisor.  When calculating the date upon which or the time within which 
any act is to be done, the date which is the reference date in calculating such period 
shall be excluded.  If the last day of such period is not a business day, the period in 
question shall end on the next business day.  The terms of this Agreement shall not be 
interpreted or construed in favor of or against any party on the ground that one party 
was the draftsman hereof. 
D. 
SECTION HEADINGS 
Section headings are for convenience of reference only and should not be 
construed as part of this Agreement nor should they limit or define the meaning of any 
provision herein. 
E. 
NONWAIVER 
No failure by either party to take action on account of any default of the other 
party, whether in a single instance or repeatedly, and no course of dealing of the parties 
in variance with the terms hereof constitutes a waiver of any such default or of the 
performance required of either party by this Agreement.  No express waiver by either 
party of any provision or performance hereunder or of any default by the other party 
constitutes a waiver of any other or future provision, performance or default.  No waiver 
or extension of time shall be effective unless expressly contained in a writing signed by 
the waiving party.  The parties may in their sole respective discretion elect from time to 
time to waive obligations of one another under this Agreement upon such terms and 
conditions as they may, in their sole respective discretion, set forth in such written 
waiver. 
F. 
NO EXEMPLARY DAMAGES 
Neither party to this Agreement shall assert against the other party any claim for 
special, exemplary or punitive damages arising out of the Franchisor-Franchisee 
