 
 
22 
Associate 
76281142\2 
13. 
ASSIGNMENT, TRANSFER AND ENCUMBRANCE 
A. 
BY FRANCHISOR 
This Agreement is fully transferable and assignable by Franchisor, in whole or in 
part, and shall inure to the benefit of any assignee, transferee or other legal successor to 
its interest herein. 
B. 
BY FRANCHISEE 
(1) 
The rights granted to Franchisee in this Agreement are personal and 
Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor is entering into this Agreement in reliance upon 
and in consideration of the individual character, skill, attitude, business ability and 
financial capacity of Franchisee.  Accordingly, Franchisee shall not transfer (as defined 
below) this Agreement or any interest therein except to another franchisee of Franchisor 
nor shall Franchisee transfer this Agreement without Franchisor’s written consent and 
without offering Franchisor a right of first refusal.  Any attempt at a transfer that violates 
the provisions of this section shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement and 
shall convey no right or interest in this Agreement. 
(2) 
If Franchisee assigns its right to operate the business to a corporation or 
other entity, the individually named Franchisee shall be the legal and beneficial owner of 
one hundred percent (100%) of the outstanding shares of the assignee corporation or 
other ownership interest of the assignee entity, shall act as such corporation’s or entity’s 
principal officer and manager, and shall have the sole right to conduct the Jazzercise 
Dance Fitness Program.  Any assignment of the business operated hereunder by 
Franchisee to a corporation or other entity shall be valid only upon the written consent of 
Franchisor; provided that Franchisee shall remain the franchisee under the Franchise 
Agreement and shall remain responsible individually for all terms, covenants and 
conditions as contained in the Franchise Agreement, including, without limitation, all 
obligations to pay amounts due hereunder; and further provided that the corporation or 
other entity agrees in writing to abide by all terms and conditions of the Franchise 
Agreement executed by Franchisee including the payment of all sums as they become 
due.  Such transfer shall not be subject to Franchisor’s right of first refusal; provided that 
Franchisee notifies Franchisor in advance of the transfer.  Franchisee shall reimburse 
Franchisor for its expenses in documenting such a transfer.  Notwithstanding the above, 
provided Franchisee retains the controlling interest of the assignee corporation or entity, 
it may transfer stock in such assignee corporation or ownership interest in such assignee 
entity to members of Franchisee’s immediate family or to a trustee in trust for the same, 
provided the share certificates or other evidence of ownership contain a clause restricting 
their transfer as required by this Agreement. 
(3) 
For purposes hereof, “transfer” means any voluntary, involuntary, direct or 
indirect assignment, sale, division, encumbrance, hypothecation, mortgage, pledge or 
other transfer by Franchisee, in whole or in part, of any interest in this Agreement, any 
interest in the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program.  By way of example, “transfer” also 
