 
 
38 
Business Owner 
76269720\2 
I. 
ENTIRE AGREEMENT; MODIFICATION 
This Agreement, any documents executed contemporaneously herewith which 
expressly reference this Agreement and any documents referred to herein constitute 
and contain the entire Agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to the 
subject matter hereof. There are no representations, undertakings, agreements, terms, 
or conditions not contained or referred to herein; provided, however, that nothing in this 
Agreement is intended to disclaim the representations made in the Franchise Disclosure 
Document furnished to Franchisee.  This Agreement supersedes and extinguishes any 
prior written agreement between the parties or any of them relating to the subject matter 
hereof, provided that it shall not abrogate, impair, release or extinguish any debt, 
obligation or liability otherwise existing between the parties.  This Agreement may not 
be modified or amended except by a written amendment executed by both parties. 
J. 
CONTROLLING LAW; DISPUTE RESOLUTION; ATTORNEYS’ FEES 
AND EQUITABLE RELIEF 
(1) 
This Agreement, including all matters relating to the validity, construction, 
performance, and enforcement thereof, shall be governed by the laws of California 
without giving effect to its provision regarding choice of laws; provided, however, that 
the Lanham Act (15 U.S.C. 1051 et seq.) shall also apply to the provisions concerning 
the Marks.  Nothing in this section is intended, or shall be deemed, to make the 
California Franchise Investment Law or the California Franchise Relations Act or any 
other law apply to this Agreement, or the transactions or relationships contemplated 
hereby, if such law would not otherwise be applicable. 
(2) 
Except as provided in subsection (5) below, upon the occurrence of any 
dispute or disagreement between the parties hereto arising out of or in connection with 
any term or provision of this Agreement, the subject matter hereof, or the interpretation 
or enforcement hereof, excluding disputes relating to non-curable defaults and quality 
control defaults, (in each case, a “Dispute”), the Dispute shall first be submitted to 
mediation on an expedited, administered by the American Arbitration Association 
(“AAA”) in the city in which Franchisor’s headquarters is then located, for mediation in 
accordance with its commercial rules and procedures which are in effect at the time the 
mediation is filed.  The party seeking mediation must submit the following in addition to 
any demand or filing required by AAA:  a full and specific description of the claim(s) 
under this Agreement including without limitation an identification of the specific 
provisions that the other party has breached, documentary evidence of the facts alleged 
by the complaining party and a declaration under penalty of perjury that all facts stated 
in the claim and documentation are true and correct and do not fail to state facts known 
to the complaining party that are material to the determination of the dispute. Either 
party may commence mediation by providing to AAA and the other party a written 
request for mediation, setting forth the subject of the Dispute and the relief requested, 
with the expectation that the first mediation session shall occur within thirty (30) days of 
such written request.  The parties will cooperate with AAA and with one another in 
selecting a neutral mediator from the AAA panel of neutrals and in scheduling the 
mediation proceedings.  The mediator must be a retired judge or an attorney 
