 
 
2 
Associate 
76281142\2 
Area”).  Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that Franchisee does not have any 
territorial or exclusive rights whatsoever with regards to the Geographic Area and that 
there will be other franchisees operating the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program in the 
Geographic Area.  The parties agree and acknowledge that Franchisee shall be 
responsible for, and have complete authority, responsibility, supervision and control over, 
the provision of all services in connection with the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program. 
B. 
STATUS 
Franchisee is an associate under this Agreement which means that Franchisee 
may only teach Jazzercise classes for other franchisees who own the classes and 
Franchisee may teach these classes on a short or long-term basis.  Associates may teach 
short-term Junior Jazzercise and Personal Touch classes with Franchisor’s prior written 
consent.  In the event Franchisee chooses to change his or her status, including, but not 
limited to, class owner or business owner, Franchisee shall obtain Franchisor’s prior 
written consent.  Franchisee understands and acknowledges that there may be conditions 
to Franchisor’s granting such consent including, without limitation, that there must be a 
sufficient number of potential members to warrant additional classes in the Geographic 
Area. 
C. 
FRANCHISOR’S RESERVATION OF RIGHTS 
Franchisee acknowledges that this Agreement does not restrict Franchisor or its 
affiliates from conducting businesses using marks or commercial symbols different from 
the Marks at any location, nor does it preclude them from using the Marks or licensing the 
right to others to use the Marks at any location whatsoever.  Franchisor reserves all rights 
not specifically granted to Franchisee under this Agreement.  In particular, and not in 
limitation of the foregoing, Franchisor reserves the right to conduct all commerce over the 
Internet and other means of electronic commerce as may in the future be developed, and 
Franchisee has no right to do so except as may be specifically permitted hereunder. 
D. 
TERM AND RENEWAL 
(1) 
Term.  The term of this Agreement shall begin on the date it is executed by 
Franchisor and shall continue for five (5) years, subject to earlier termination as provided 
herein. 
(2) 
Option to Renew.  Subject to compliance with each and every one of the 
conditions set forth below, Franchisee shall have the option to renew the right to operate 
the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program for one (1) additional, consecutive period of five 
(5) years, unless this Agreement is signed in connection with a renewal term or is entered 
into because Franchisee is moving to a different state: 
(i) 
Franchisee must sign Franchisor’s then-current form of Franchise 
Agreement which may contain terms that are materially different from those set forth in 
this Agreement; and 
