 
 
18 
Business Owner 
76269720\2 
E. 
PAYMENT METHOD 
Franchisee must make payments through: (1) a proprietary system for 
management of customer transactions and recurring billing accounts, fee payment and 
report submission (“Business Center”); or (2) electronic funds transfer, which may be 
provided by a third party vendor designated by Franchisor.  Franchisee shall execute 
and deliver such instruments and pay any processing fees as are necessary and 
appropriate to effect such transfers.  Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that 
Franchisor shall have the right at any time to change the designated third party vendor 
and that the processing fees may change.  Franchisor shall have the right to vary the 
frequency of the due date (e.g., from weekly to monthly) and the method of payment 
(e.g., from electronic funds transfer to automatic debit) from time to time.  The 
Continuing Fee and the Marketing Fee are non-refundable. 
F. 
CHARGE ON LATE PAYMENTS; DISHONORED PAYMENTS 
In addition to all other rights and remedies that accrue to Franchisor, in the event 
of any late or overdue payment by Franchisee, Franchisee shall pay a late fee of Fifty 
Dollars ($50.00), except that if Franchisee elects to pay any insurance premiums owed 
to Franchisor on a monthly basis, the late fee is Twenty Dollars ($20.00) for late or 
overdue payments on such insurance premiums.  In the event Franchisee does not 
submit a report when due as required by this Agreement (which for the purposes of the 
Gross Member Enrollment Fees report shall be by the fifth (5th) day of each month), 
Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor an administrative handling fee of Fifty Dollars 
($50.00).  Franchisee acknowledges that this Section does not constitute agreement by 
Franchisor to accept such payments after they are due or a commitment to extend 
credit to, or otherwise finance such amounts. 
G. 
NO WITHHOLDING OF PAYMENT 
Franchisee agrees that Franchisee will not, on the grounds of the alleged 
nonperformance by Franchisor of any of its obligations hereunder or for any other 
reason whatsoever, withhold payment of any amounts due, nor shall Franchisee have 
any right of offset. 
H. 
APPLICATION OF PAYMENTS; RIGHT OF OFFSET 
Notwithstanding any designation by Franchisee, Franchisor shall have discretion 
to apply any payments by Franchisee to any indebtedness of Franchisee.  In addition, 
Franchisor shall have the right to offset any amounts due to it or its affiliates against any 
amounts to be paid to Franchisee. 
I. 
TAXES 
In the event Franchisee is required by local law to withhold or deduct any tax on 
behalf of Franchisor from any amount payable to Franchisor under this Agreement, 
Franchisee shall increase the payment made to Franchisor by that amount and shall 
provide Franchisor with (1) documentation showing that Franchisor is being taxed at the 
