 
 
7 
Class Owner 
76174021\2 
B. 
OPENING SCHEDULE REQUIREMENTS 
Franchisee must teach its first class within thirty (30) days after becoming certified by 
Franchisor.  Franchisee must open its location for classes within three (3) months after 
becoming certified by Franchisor. 
3. 
INITIAL TRAINING AND OPERATING ASSISTANCE 
A. 
TRAINING 
(1) 
Franchisor shall furnish to Franchisee its instructor certification program 
during such period as Franchisor designates (“Initial Training Program”).  The Initial 
Training Program consists of training materials that are sent to Franchisee.  All or part 
of the Initial Training Program may be conducted remotely online.  The Initial Training 
Program shall include instruction and training in physiology and fitness, choreographed 
routines, business procedures, and the conduct of Jazzercise classes.  Franchisee must 
complete the Initial Training Program within six (6) months after the date hereof to the 
sole satisfaction of Franchisor prior to conducting any class. 
(2) 
Franchisor shall have the right, during the Initial Training Program, to 
further evaluate Franchisee’s fitness to operate under this Agreement.  Franchisee shall 
not be permitted to operate the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program until Franchisee has 
completed the Initial Training Program to Franchisor’s satisfaction.  In the event 
Franchisee fails to complete the Initial Training Program to Franchisor’s satisfaction 
within six (6) months after execution of this Agreement, Franchisor shall have the right 
to terminate this Agreement. 
(3) 
Franchisee shall not be charged an additional fee for the Initial Training 
Program. 
(4) 
Franchisor may require Franchisee to attend refresher and additional 
training courses for up to five (5) days per year.  Franchisor may also require 
Franchisee to attend additional training if Franchisor deems it necessary or appropriate.  
Franchisee agrees and acknowledges that Franchisor may designate the location for 
such training.   
(5) 
Franchisee agrees and acknowledges that Franchisee shall be 
responsible either directly to Franchisor or to a representative of Franchisor to whom 
Franchisee shall report and Franchisee shall attend all Franchisor meetings and attend 
and complete to Franchisor's satisfaction all training sessions as Franchisor may 
request. 
(6) 
Franchisee shall be responsible for all travel and living expenses, if any, 
that Franchisee and its personnel may incur in connection with the Initial Training 
Program or refresher or additional training and in attending national meetings or 
conventions. 
