 
 
16 
Class Owner 
76174021\2 
retains to maintain their respective licenses, permits and certificates) in full force and 
effect throughout the term of this Agreement. 
(2) 
Franchisee shall operate in full compliance with all applicable laws, 
ordinances and regulations, including, without limitation, such laws, ordinances and 
regulations relating to occupational hazards and health, worker’s compensation 
insurance, unemployment insurance and withholding and payment of federal and state 
income taxes and social security taxes, trade name and advertising restrictions, building 
codes and handicap access.  In particular, and not in limitation of the foregoing, 
Franchisee shall comply with all laws governing consumer data and privacy and employ 
all means to maintain the security of consumer data.  If any data security incident 
occurs, Franchisee shall notify Franchisor immediately and shall take steps to address 
and remedy such incident.  Franchisor is not obligated to remedy Franchisee’s data 
security issue, but if Franchisor requires Franchisee to take certain steps including, 
without limitation, the retention of a remediation expert, Franchisee agrees to do so.  A 
data security incident includes an act originated within or outside Franchisee’s 
organization affecting Franchisee’s computer system or other technology that violates 
the law or Franchisor’s policies and involves unauthorized access to view, copy or use 
the System, member data, confidential information or Trade Secrets. 
(3) 
Immediately upon receipt of any citation, notice, complaint or other 
indication that Franchisee or any of its personnel has violated any law or regulation, 
Franchisee shall immediately notify Franchisor and transmit copies of all such citations, 
notices, complaints or other such indications. 
K. 
REGIONAL AND NATIONAL ACCOUNTS 
Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that Franchisor has the right to establish regional 
and national accounts for the provision of services related to the Jazzercise Dance 
Fitness Program.  Franchisee agrees to provide services based on the terms of any 
such regional or national account agreements that Franchisor may enter into with third 
parties.  Franchisee understands that such terms may include discounts on the rates for 
services Franchisee provides. 
5. 
INSURANCE 
A. 
REQUIREMENTS 
Before beginning to operate the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program, Franchisee 
must obtain and maintain all insurance coverage for the periods of coverage as required 
by Franchisor from an insurer or insurers that meet Franchisor’s criteria under the terms 
of this Agreement and the policies and procedures on The Studio, as may be amended 
from time to time, and that have a minimum Best’s Rating of A or other comparable 
rating.  Such insurance shall include coverage insuring against all loss and liability 
arising out of or in connection with the operation of the Jazzercise Dance Fitness 
Program, including, without limitation, comprehensive general liability insurance in the 
minimum amount of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000.00), including personal injury, 
