 
 
15 
Business Owner 
76269720\2 
security issue, but if Franchisor requires Franchisee to take certain steps including, 
without limitation, the retention of a remediation expert, Franchisee agrees to do so.  A 
data security incident includes an act originated within or outside Franchisee’s 
organization affecting Franchisee’s computer system or other technology that violates 
the law or Franchisor’s policies and involves unauthorized access to view, copy or use 
the System, member data, confidential information or Trade Secrets. 
(3) 
Immediately upon receipt of any citation, notice, complaint or other 
indication that Franchisee or any of its personnel has violated any law or regulation, 
Franchisee shall immediately notify Franchisor and transmit copies of all such citations, 
notices, complaints or other such indications. 
K. 
REGIONAL AND NATIONAL ACCOUNTS 
Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that Franchisor has the right to establish 
regional and national accounts for the provision of services related to the Jazzercise 
Dance Fitness Program.  Franchisee agrees to provide services based on the terms of 
any such regional or national account agreements that Franchisor may enter into with 
third parties.  Franchisee understands that such terms may include discounts on the 
rates for services Franchisee provides. 
5. 
INSURANCE 
A. 
REQUIREMENTS 
Before beginning to operate the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program, Franchisee 
must obtain and maintain all insurance coverage for the periods of coverage as required 
by Franchisor from an insurer or insurers that meet Franchisor’s criteria under the terms 
of this Agreement and the policies and procedures on The Studio, as may be amended 
from time to time, and that have a minimum Best’s Rating of A or other comparable 
rating.  Such insurance shall include coverage insuring against all loss and liability 
arising out of or in connection with the operation of the Jazzercise Dance Fitness 
Program, including, without limitation, comprehensive general liability insurance in the 
minimum amount of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000.00), including personal injury, 
contractual liability, products and completed operations and professional liability 
coverage, and worker’s compensation insurance, if required by law, including but not 
limited to employer’s liability, with limits as required by applicable laws.  In the event of a 
claim under any such policy, the deductible amount shall be the responsibility of 
Franchisee.  Franchisee shall cause Franchisor and any of its affiliates that Franchisor 
specifies to be named as additional insureds under all such policies.  Such insurance 
shall be underwritten by a reputable insurance carrier approved by Franchisor.  
Franchisee shall further cause Franchisee’s insurance agent to copy Franchisor on all 
insurance policies related to the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program and written and 
issued on behalf of Franchisee.  In addition, all such policies shall provide for thirty (30) 
days’ prior written notice to Franchisor of any material modification, cancellation or 
expiration of a policy.  Upon request, Franchisee shall provide Franchisor with a 
certificate evidencing coverage.  In the event of a change in an insurance carrier or 
