 
 
3 
Business Owner 
76269720\2 
characteristics of the location, lease terms, locations of any competitors, and such other 
information as Franchisor may require and as prescribed on The Studio (defined later), 
as may be amended from time to time (collectively, “Site Proposal”).  Franchisee shall 
provide to Franchisor photos or videos of Franchisee’s proposed site upon Franchisor’s 
request.  After Franchisee submits a Site Proposal, Franchisor will decide whether to 
consent to the proposed site within thirty (30) days after it receives the Site Proposal.  
Franchisee shall obtain Franchisor’s consent to a Site Proposal within three (3) months 
after the date of this Agreement. 
(3) 
Franchisor’s Evaluation.  Franchisor may act in its sole discretion in 
determining whether to consent to a Site Proposal.  Franchisee acknowledges and 
agrees that Franchisor will not conduct any inspection of Franchisee’s facility. 
(4) 
Consent to Site.  After Franchisor has consented to the Site Proposal, it 
shall be Franchisee’s sole responsibility to obtain required approvals and permits from 
the appropriate governmental entities and to comply with local law regarding the 
securing of any permits, licenses, or other necessary governmental approvals, as 
applicable. 
(5) 
Leased Property Site Development and Lease Terms.  If Franchisee 
leases a commercial facility at which Franchisee conducts the Jazzercise Dance Fitness 
Program, Franchisee shall not sign a lease or contract for the location without receiving 
Franchisor’s prior written consent.  Franchisee shall provide Franchisor a copy of its 
executed lease.  Franchisee shall fully perform all obligations to be performed by 
Franchisee under the lease or contract and shall immediately upon receipt of any notice 
of violation from the lessor or other party to the contract deliver a copy of such notice to 
Franchisor together with a statement of the steps proposed to be taken by Franchisee in 
response to the notice.  The lease or contract must contain such additional terms and 
conditions as Franchisor may require to provide for the protection of Franchisor’s rights 
and interests, including but not limited to a conditional lease assignment to Franchisor 
or its nominee in a form acceptable to Franchisor, and including the following: 
(a) 
the absolute and unconditional right of Franchisee to assign its interest in 
the lease to Franchisor or Franchisor’s nominee at any time without the 
consent of the landlord and without rent increase or penalty; 
(b) 
the landlord’s acknowledgment that Franchisee shall not assign or transfer 
the lease or any of its rights thereunder or grant any sublease thereunder 
without the prior written consent of Franchisor; 
(c) 
the landlord’s consent to Franchisee’s use of such signage as Franchisor 
may require; 
(d) 
the obligation of the landlord to notify Franchisor in writing of any default 
by Franchisee of any of the terms and conditions of the lease; 
(e) 
that no amendment, addition, or other modification or change be made to 
the lease without obtaining the prior written consent of Franchisor; 
