 
 
6 
Class Owner 
76174021\2 
(f) 
Franchisee shall not have received three (3) or more notices of default 
during any twenty-four (24) month period during the initial term or 
preceding renewal term, as applicable; and 
(g) 
Franchisor must not have decided to withdraw from the Geographic Area; 
and 
(h) 
Franchisee must have the right to occupy the premises of its Jazzercise 
Dance Fitness Program for the renewal term; and 
(i) 
Franchisee shall have attended all meetings and training sessions 
required by Franchisor during each year of the preceding term; and 
(j) 
Franchisee shall not have failed to utilize Franchisor’s then-current names, 
logos and marketing materials as required by Franchisor from time to time. 
Franchisee shall notify Franchisor no later than one hundred twenty (120) days prior to 
the expiration of the term of this Agreement if Franchisee wishes to enter into a new 
Franchise Agreement with Franchisor at the expiration of the term.  Franchisee shall 
have no right to enter into a new agreement with Franchisor if Franchisee fails to do so 
or if Franchisee fails to comply with each of the conditions set forth above in a timely 
manner or if Franchisee fails to return to Franchisor any documents within twenty (20) 
days after Franchisor has delivered them to Franchisee. 
(3) 
Option Not to Renew.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Franchisor shall 
have the right to refuse to renew this Agreement.  Franchisor may exercise this option 
by providing notice of its intention not to renew no later than one hundred twenty (120) 
days prior to the expiration of the initial term of this Agreement, subject to any longer 
periods of notice that may be required by applicable law, provided that Franchisor may 
provide less than one hundred twenty (120) days’ notice if the Franchisee is in breach of 
this Agreement within the one hundred twenty (120) day period and at the time of the 
renewal.  Such notice shall state the effective date of the non-renewal or expiration of 
this Agreement and state Franchisor’s reasons for the refusal to renew. 
(4) 
Time to Renew.  If applicable law requires that longer periods of notice be 
given than those described above, this Agreement will remain in effect on a month-to-
month basis until the notice required by applicable law has been given. 
2. 
COMMENCEMENT OF OPERATIONS 
A. 
CONDITIONS FOR OPENING 
Franchisee shall not begin operating the Jazzercise Dance Fitness Program until 
Franchisor has given its consent in writing.  Franchisee shall satisfy the conditions to 
commencement of operations, including without limitation, the completion of the Initial 
Training Program, as defined below, to Franchisor’s satisfaction. 
