 
 
12 
76083974\2 
All figures in Item 7 are estimates only.  Actual costs will vary for each franchisee 
depending on a number of factors. 
Notes: 
1. 
The initial franchise fee is $1,250 for all franchisees.  However, if you resign but 
are reinstated more than 12 months later, you pay a recertification fee of 
$625.00.  If you resign but are reinstated within 12 months, you pay a returning 
franchise fee of $250.00.  If you have been an employee of Jazzercise for at 
least 90 days and you also become a franchisee who owns classes, your initial 
franchise fee is $625.00.  You must pay at least 50% of this fee by the Monday 
before your initial training and the remaining balance, if any, 30 days after you 
complete initial training.  You also have the option to pay this fee in one lump 
sum by the Monday before your initial training.  See Item 5 for details on eligibility 
for reduced initial fees and for the conditions under which the initial franchise fee 
is refundable. 
2. 
This figure is the associate fee you would have to pay before you begin 
conducting classes as of the date this Disclosure Document was issued 
depending on when you become a franchisee.  The associate fee is $130.00 
prospectively for the subsequent 12 months if you pay in one lump sum on 
November 1 of each year or $13.00 per month for a total of $156.00 if you pay in 
monthly payments.  If you become a franchisee part way through the year, you 
may pay the monthly amount through October 31. This fee is not refundable if 
you change status or under any other circumstances. 
3. 
This figure is the cost of your annual premium for liability insurance coverage 
which may be obtained through Jazzercise at a current charge that Jazzercise 
estimates will range from $245.00 to $345.00 (but may be higher), or through an 
insurance company.  As of the date this Disclosure Document was issued, the 
premium is $245.00 prospectively for the subsequent 12 months if you pay in one 
lump sum on November 1st or $23 per month for a total of $276.00 if you pay in 
monthly payments. If you become a franchisee part way through the year, you 
may pay a pro-rated portion of the annual premium.  If you obtain liability 
coverage through Jazzercise, your premium payment is non-refundable.  If you 
obtain liability coverage through an insurance company, the refundability of your 
premium payment will depend on your agreement with that company.  See Item 8 
for details of the coverage required. 
4. 
You are currently required to purchase a wireless microphone before beginning 
to conduct classes.  You may use your mobile device as your audio player.  As of 
the date this Disclosure Document was issued, Jazzercise provides the new 
routines through a video streaming platform.  Jazzercise may change the 
medium (e.g., digital recording, Internet or other electronic transmission) by 
which it transmits new routines to you at any time, and this may require you to 
make additional expenditures for equipment to receive these transmissions.  The 
