                (xiii) If Franchisee, or any of its employees, agents or representatives, assaults,
threatens, verbally or otherwise, the health or safety of, or engages in repeated or a pattern of abusive
treatment against, Franchisee’s customers, any member of the general public, other franchisees, or any
employees, agents or representatives of Franchisor or its Affiliates;

                  (xiv) If Franchisee markets, offers or sells any products or services which are banned by
Franchisor, the Food and Drug Administration, any state agency or any federal, state or local law, statute,
regulation or ordinance; engages in any acts or omissions which violate applicable law, including libel and
slander laws; engages in any conduct which creates a material risk of danger to health or safety; or engages
in any activity or action, or is involved in any event, which is likely, in Franchisor’s sole discretion, to be
directly or indirectly injurious or prejudicial to Franchisor, the GNC brand or the goodwill associated with
the Proprietary Marks;

                (xv)     If Franchisee has received at least three (3) default notices from Franchisor within
a twelve (12) month period, even if such default is subject to a right to cure or is cured after notice is
delivered to Franchisee;

                 (xvi) If Franchisee operates a mail order, direct mail, catalog, telemarketing, wholesale,
exporting, distribution, direct sales, direct marketing or similar business, including through the use of the
Internet, which permits customers to purchase and receive products or services without being present at the
Approved Location, contrary to the terms of Section 2.B. of this Agreement;

                (xvii) If Franchisee does not provide Franchisor with a complete, executed copy of the
lease for the Approved Location, if Franchisee is directly leasing the Approved Location; or

                (xviii) If Franchisee or any guarantor of its obligations under this Agreement becomes a
Specially Designated National or Blocked Person or fails to comply with Section 30 of this Agreement,
including a breach of the representations set forth in Section 30 or Franchisor discovers through notice from
Franchisee or through its own investigation that representations set forth in Section 30 are or have become
false.

          C.     Termination by Franchisor on Notice with Opportunity to Cure. Except as provided in
Sections 20.A. and 20.B. of this Agreement, Franchisee shall be in default under this Section 20.C. for the
failure to comply with any of the requirements imposed by this Agreement, the Manuals or any other written
policies or requirements of Franchisor. In the case of a default under this Section 20.C., Franchisee shall
have thirty (30) days (except that Franchisee shall have five (5) days for failure by Franchisee to pay any
amounts due to Franchisor hereunder by their due date) after its receipt from Franchisor of a written notice
of termination pursuant to this Section 20.C. within which to remedy any default hereunder and provide
evidence thereof to Franchisor, and to pay a fee to Franchisor in an amount not to exceed $1,000 for each
default occurrence for Franchisor’s administrative costs associated with managing such default; provided,
that if such default is not susceptible of being cured, this Agreement shall terminate on notice to Franchisee
of the default. Franchisee shall, upon receiving such notice, immediately initiate a remedy to cure such
default. If Franchisor, in its sole discretion, determines that Franchisee is unable to operate the Store in
accordance with Franchisor’s requirements during the cure period, Franchisor may, in its sole discretion,
assume operations of the Store until such time that Franchisee has remedied all defaults. Franchisee agrees
to pay to Franchisor a management fee equal to 10% of the Store’s total Gross Sales during any period of
time in which Franchisor is operating the Store, which fee shall be in addition to any royalties and fees
payable to Franchisor pursuant to this Agreement. If any default under this Section 20.C. is not cured within
the time frames set forth herein, or such longer period as applicable law may require, this Agreement shall
terminate without further notice to Franchisee effective immediately upon the expiration of the thirty (30)

                                                      30

07/18/2025
