relating to the employment relationship between Franchisee and the Store’s employees, such as employee
selection, promotion, termination, hours worked, rates of pay, other benefits, work assigned, discipline,
adjustment of grievances and complaints, and working conditions. To that end, Franchisee must notify Store
personnel that Franchisor, as the franchisor of GNC Stores, is not their employer and does not engage in
any employer-type activities for which only franchisees are responsible, such as employee selection,
promotion, termination, hours worked, rates of pay, other benefits, work assigned, discipline, adjustment
of grievances and complaints, and working conditions. No employee of Franchisee will be deemed to be an
employee of Franchisor for any purpose whatsoever, and nothing in any aspect of the System or the
Proprietary Marks in any way shifts any employee or employment related responsibility from Franchisee
to Franchisor. Franchisee alone is responsible for hiring, firing, training, setting hours for and supervising
all employees. It is the intention of the parties to this Agreement that Franchisor shall not be deemed a joint
employer with Franchisee for any reason. If Franchisor incurs any cost, loss or damage as a result of any
actions or omissions of Franchisee or Franchisee’s employees, including any that relate to any party making
a finding of any joint employer status, Franchisee agrees to fully indemnify Franchisor for any such cost,
loss or damage

         B.      Notice of Independent Contractor Status. During the term of this Agreement and any
extensions hereof, Franchisee shall hold itself out to the public as an independent contractor operating the
Franchised Business pursuant to a franchise from Franchisor. Franchisee agrees to take such affirmative
action as may be necessary to do so, including exhibiting a notice of that fact in a conspicuous place in the
Store, the content of which Franchisor reserves the right to specify in the Manuals or otherwise in writing.

        C.       No Authorization to Act for or in Name of Franchisor. It is understood and agreed that
nothing in this Agreement authorizes Franchisee to make any contract, agreement, warranty, or
representation on Franchisor’s behalf, or to incur any debt or other obligation in Franchisor’s name; and,
that Franchisor shall in no event assume liability for, or be deemed liable as a result of, any such action, or
by reason of any act or omission of Franchisee in its conduct of the Franchised Business or any claim or
judgment arising therefrom against Franchisor.

         D.      Indemnification. Franchisee shall indemnify and hold harmless Franchisor, its Affiliates,
and their respective shareholders, officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and assignees (the
“Indemnified Parties”) against any and all claims, obligations, lawsuits, demands, investigations, damages,
losses and liabilities arising directly or indirectly from, as a result of, or in connection with Franchisee’s
ownership or operation of the Franchised Business or breach of this Agreement, as well as the costs,
including attorneys’ fees and court costs, of defending against them. However, Franchisee shall not be
required to indemnify Franchisor for any claims to the extent arising out of the gross negligence or
intentional misconduct of the Franchisor or defects in goods manufactured by Franchisor’s Affiliate present
on delivery thereof to Franchisee. Franchisor has the exclusive right to defend any such claim. Under no
circumstances will Franchisor or any other Indemnified Party be required to seek recovery from any insurer
or other third party, or otherwise mitigate its or their losses and expenses, in order to maintain and recover
fully a claim against Franchisee.

        24.      TAXES.

         A.      Payment. Franchisee shall promptly pay when due all taxes levied or assessed, including
unemployment and sales taxes, and all accounts and other indebtedness of every kind incurred by
Franchisee in the conduct of the Franchised Business. All accumulated contributions or payments made by
Franchisor or its Affiliates to accounts, funds, reserves or pools, for example worker’s compensation,
disability, unemployment compensation or other programs remain assets of the Franchisor or its Affiliates,
as applicable, and if transferred to Franchisee, Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor or the applicable Affiliate
such amount. Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor an amount equal to any sales tax, gross receipts tax, or
                                                      37

07/18/2025
