                                                                                   WASHINGTON


7.     RCW 49.62.060 prohibits Franchisor from restricting, restraining, or prohibiting
       Developer from (i) soliciting or hiring any employee of a franchisee of Franchisor, or (ii)
       soliciting or hiring any employee of Franchisor. As a result, any such provisions contained
       in the Agreement or elsewhere are void and unenforceable in Washington.

8.     In lieu of an impound of franchise fees, with respect to each Store required to be developed
       hereunder, Franchisor agrees to defer payment of the Development Fee and the Franchise
       Fee (and any other fees or payments related to such Store that would be considered
       franchise fees under the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, including pre-
       opening payments to Franchisor or its Affiliates for inventory) by Developer to Franchisor
       or its Affiliates until, with respect to such Store being developed hereunder, Developer has
       (a) received all pre-opening obligations that it is entitled to under the applicable Franchise
       Agreement and Franchisor’s Franchise Disclosure Document provided to Franchisee, and
       (b) opened such Store. At such time that Developer, with respect to the particular Store
       being developed hereunder, has received all pre-opening obligations that it is entitled to
       under the applicable Franchise Agreement and Franchisor’s Franchise Disclosure
       Document, and Developer has opened such Store, all deferred fees and payments related
       to such Store shall be immediately due and payable by Developer to Franchisor. For the
       avoidance of doubt, any fees paid by franchisee in connection with the Agreement will be
       collected proportionally with respect to each Store opened under the Agreement.

9.     Franchisor will not charge Developer a Development Rights Fee under the Agreement.
       Therefore, Section 4.1(i) of the Agreement will not apply to Developer.

10.    Section 30 of the Agreement, titled “Acknowledgments,” is hereby deleted in its entirety.

11.    No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed by Developer in connection with
       the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
       claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii)
       disclaiming reliance on any statement by Franchisor, any franchise seller, or other person
       acting on behalf of Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document
       executed in connection with the franchise.

12.    Each provision of this Addendum will be effective only to the extent, with respect to such
       provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the Washington Franchise Investment
       Protection Act are met independently without reference to this Addendum.

13.    Except as otherwise provided in this Addendum, all the other terms, covenants and
       agreements in the Agreement shall remain the same, and the Agreement, as amended, shall
       continue in full force and effect. To the extent this Addendum is inconsistent with any
       terms or conditions of the Agreement or the exhibits thereto, the terms of this Addendum
       shall govern.

                                    [Signature Page Follows]




07/18/2025
