                                        GNC HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES

              NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

penalties or the imposition of other liabilities. New laws, changes in existing laws or the interpretation thereof, or the development
of new facts or changes in their processes could also cause the Company to incur additional capital and operating expenditures to
maintain compliance with environmental laws and regulations and environmental permits. The Company is also subject to laws
and regulations that impose liability and cleanup responsibility for releases of hazardous substances into the environment without
regard to fault or knowledge about the condition or action causing the liability. Under certain of these laws and regulations, such
liabilities can be imposed for cleanup of previously owned or operated properties, or for properties to which substances or wastes
that were sent in connection with current or former operations at its facilities.

         From time to time, the Company has incurred costs and obligations for correcting environmental and health and safety
noncompliance matters and for remediation at or relating to certain of the Company's current or former properties or properties
at which the Company's waste has been disposed. However, compliance with the provisions of national, state and local
environmental laws and regulations has not had a material effect upon the Company's capital expenditures, earnings, financial
position, liquidity or competitive position. The Company believes it has complied with, and is currently complying with, its
environmental obligations pursuant to environmental and health and safety laws and regulations and that any liabilities for
noncompliance will not have a material adverse effect on its business, financial performance or cash flows. However, it is difficult
to predict future liabilities and obligations, which could be material.

Litigation

          In May 2022, GNC entered into arbitration with its former Singapore and Philippines international franchise partner in
order to enforce the terms of its franchise agreements and protect its franchise system and global brand. In August 2024, the
International Centre for Dispute Resolution notified GNC of an award in the arbitrations. The awards order the former franchise
partner to pay GNC $44.7 million in net damages for breaching their franchise agreement in both countries as well as $8.7 million
related to GNC’s attorney’s and administrative fees. In addition, the Singapore award orders the former franchise partner to assign
back to GNC the leases of all 54 GNC stores that the former franchise partner inappropriately novated and switched to a competing
brand. GNC is currently in the process of confirming and enforcing these awards. As the timing of the enforcement of these
awards is uncertain, GNC considers these awards to be a contingent gain and will recognize the awards once realizable or upon
cash receipt.

Commitments

          The Company maintains certain commitments with various product, technology, marketing and other vendors to ensure
its business operational needs are fulfilled. As of March 31, 2025, such future purchase commitments were approximately $14.1
million. All of these commitments are expected to be fulfilled with no adverse consequences to the Company's operations or
financial condition.



NOTE 10. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

ZT Biopharmaceutical LLC

         In connection with the issuance of the 1L Term Loan, as discussed within Note 6. "Debt / Interest Expense", the Company
has an $8.0 million Guarantee Fee that is payable to ZT as a guarantor of the Facilities Agreement at the election of GNC over
the five-year term of the loan, adjusted on a pro rata basis for any prepayments made on the Initial Term Loan. The fee was
capitalized to debt as a debt issuance cost. The Company has paid $1.5 million of the $8.0 million Guarantee Fee, and has written
off $2.0 million of the Guarantee Fee on a pro rata basis as a result of debt prepayments.

        On October 7, 2020, GNC entered into a management agreement with ZT. Under the management agreement, in
consideration for the services rendered by ZT, GNC is obligated to pay an annual management fee of up to $3.0 million for each


                                                                 21
