of any such litigation in which the interests of Franchisee and Franchisor are not adverse, Franchisee and
Franchisor shall be deemed to be joint clients of the litigation counsel; and, in that event, no attorney/client
privilege shall restrict Franchisee’s or Franchisor’s right to communicate with and receive information
relating to such litigation. Notwithstanding Franchisor’s exercise of any of its rights under this section,
Franchisor reserves any rights it may have to seek indemnification from Franchisee in any appropriate case.

               (vi)    Franchisee shall not use or permit the use of any trade names, trademarks or service
marks at the Store or otherwise in connection with the Franchised Business other than the Proprietary
Marks.

                  (vii)   Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, Franchisee shall immediately
cease the use of the Proprietary Marks and take such action as required under Section 21. Franchisee
acknowledges that Franchisee’s violation of the terms of this Section 14 may cause immediate, irreparable
and incalculable harm and significant injury to Franchisor, the damages of which may be difficult to
ascertain and for which no adequate remedy of law may be available. Franchisee agrees to the granting of
equitable relief, including injunctive relief and specific performance, in Franchisor’s favor without proof
of actual damages or posting a bond or other security, such bond or other security hereby being waived.
Franchisee shall pay on demand all court costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees incurred by Franchisor in
obtaining such relief.

        B.       Acknowledgments. Franchisee expressly understands and acknowledges that:

                 (i)    As between the parties hereto, Franchisor has the exclusive right and interest in
and to the Proprietary Marks and the goodwill now or in the future associated with and symbolized by them.

                 (ii)    Franchisee’s use of the Proprietary Marks pursuant to this Agreement does not
give Franchisee any ownership interest or other interest in or to such Proprietary Marks and all goodwill
arising from Franchisee’s use of the Proprietary Marks in its Franchised Business under the System shall
inure solely and exclusively to Franchisor’s benefit, and upon expiration or termination of this Agreement
and the license herein granted, no monetary amount shall be assigned as attributable to any goodwill
associated with Franchisee’s use of the System or the Proprietary Marks.

                 (iii)    Franchisor reserves the right to change, add or discontinue use of any Proprietary
Mark, or to introduce additional or substitute Proprietary Marks for use in identifying the System and the
Franchised Business. Franchisee shall comply with any requirements imposed by Franchisor regarding the
change, alteration, discontinuation, addition or substitution of different Proprietary Marks. Franchisor shall
reimburse Franchisee for all reasonable costs incurred by Franchisee which are associated with the
substitution of different Proprietary Marks, except that Franchisee shall bear such costs if such substitution
of Proprietary Marks coincides with Franchisee’s required refurbishment of the Store as specified under
Section 12.F. and 19.B. Franchisor shall have no liability for any loss of revenue or goodwill due to any
new or discontinued Proprietary Mark.

          15.    CONFIDENTIAL OPERATING MANUAL. Franchisee shall conduct its business in
strict accordance with the Manuals, one (1) copy of which shall be furnished or otherwise made available
electronically to Franchisee on loan for the term of this Agreement. Franchisee shall at all times treat the
Manuals and the information contained therein as confidential, and shall use all reasonable efforts to
maintain such information as secret and confidential. Franchisee shall not at any time copy, duplicate,
record, or otherwise reproduce the Manuals, in whole or in part, nor otherwise make the same available to
any unauthorized person. The Manuals shall at all times remain the sole property of Franchisor and shall
at all times be kept in a secure place on the Store premises. Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor may
from time to time revise the contents of the Manuals to implement new or different requirements for the
                                                      17

07/18/2025
