       The undersigned hereby agree that without the consent of or notice to any of the
undersigned and without affecting any of the obligations of the undersigned hereunder, any term,
covenant or condition of the Development Agreement may be amended, compromised, released
or otherwise altered by Franchisor and the Developer and the undersigned do guarantee and
promise to perform all of the obligations of the Developer under the Development Agreement as
so amended, compromised, released or altered.

       Upon notice from Franchisor that Developer has failed to pay monies due and owing to
Franchisor under the Development Agreement, any and each of the undersigned agree to cure the
monetary default within five business days from such notice.

        Upon the death of an undersigned, the estate of such undersigned shall be bound by this
Guaranty but only for defaults and obligations hereunder existing at the time of death. The
obligations of the surviving undersigned shall continue in full force and effect.

       The undersigned expressly acknowledge that the obligations hereunder survive the
termination of the Development Agreement.

        Franchisor’s failure to enforce all or any portion of its rights under this Guaranty shall not
constitute a waiver of its ability to do so at any point in the future.

       No delay or failure of Franchisor in the exercise of any right, power, or remedy shall
operate as a waiver thereof, and no partial exercise by Franchisor shall preclude any further
exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy.

         This Guaranty shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of
the State of Pennsylvania without recourse to Pennsylvania (or any other) choice of law or conflicts
of law principles. If, however, any provision of this Guaranty would not be enforceable under the
laws of Pennsylvania, and if the business franchised under the Development Agreement is located
outside of Pennsylvania and the provision would be enforceable under the laws of the state
in which the franchised business is located, then the provision (and only that provision) will
be interpreted and construed under the laws of that state. Nothing in this Guaranty is intended
to invoke the application of any franchise, business opportunity, antitrust, “implied covenant”,
unfair competition, fiduciary or other doctrine of law of the State of Pennsylvania or any other
state, which would not otherwise apply. Any litigation initiated under this Guaranty shall be
instituted exclusively at Franchisor’s discretion in the most immediate state judicial district
and court encompassing Franchisor’s headquarters and having subject matter jurisdiction
thereof or the United States District Court encompassing Franchisor’s headquarters. Each of the
undersigned expressly agree that the undersigned is subject to the jurisdiction and venue of those
courts for purposes of such litigation. Each of the undersigned hereby waive and covenant never
to assert any claim that the undersigned is not subject to personal jurisdiction in those courts or
that venue in those courts is for any reason improper, inconvenient, prejudicial or otherwise
inappropriate (including, without limitation, any claim under the judicial doctrine of forum non
conveniens).

       If Franchisor chooses to proceed against the undersigned under this Guaranty, and


07/18/2025
