same. However, Sublessor covenants that it will pay Minimum Rent and all additional charges to
the Overlandlord as provided in the Overlease.

        In the event the Overlease is terminated pursuant to its terms for any reason, this Sublease
shall automatically cease and terminate as of the date upon which the Overlease is so terminated.
Upon termination of the Overlease, all Minimum Rent and additional charges provided for in this
Sublease shall be prorated as of the date of such termination, and all Minimum Rent and additional
charges owing to the Sublessor hereunder shall be paid to the Sublessor, prorated as aforesaid, and
thereafter, neither party shall have any further obligation to the other thereafter arising under this
Sublease, except for those obligations which by their terms and/or nature survive the termination
of this Sublease.

        Sublessee hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold harmless Sublessor against any and all
claims, expenses, loss and damage, including without limitation, attorney’s fees and
disbursements, which may, at any time be asserted by Overlandlord against Sublessor for failure
of Sublessee to perform any of the covenants, agreements, terms provisions, or conditions
contained in the Overlease, which by reason of the provisions of this Sublease, Sublessee is
obligated to perform

         Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Sublease, if Sublessee, after ten (10) days'
written notice from Sublessor, fails to correct a condition caused by Sublessee which Sublessor in
its sole discretion determines would place Sublessor in default under the Overlease, Sublessor shall
have the immediate right to correct the condition at the sole cost and expense of Sublessee, which
amount, together with interest thereon at a rate of 12% per annum shall be payable by Sublessee
to Sublessor on demand.

       5. Sublessor Not Liable for Acts of Overlandlord

        Notwithstanding anything in this Sublease to the contrary, Sublessor shall not be liable for
any of the obligations, duties, responsibilities or liabilities of the Overlandlord under the Overlease
or for the failure or any delay by the Overlandlord to perform or discharge the same. Whenever
the consent or approval or other action on the part of the Sublessor is required hereunder, Sublessor
shall not be obligated or required to give any such consent or approval, or to take any action in the
event the consent or approval or other action of the Overlandlord under the Overlease is also
required by the provisions of the Overlease, unless and until the Overlandlord under the Overlease
shall have given such consent or approval or taken such action. As between Sublessor and
Sublessee, Sublessor shall not be obligated to take any action by reason of any matter relating to
the construction, operation or maintenance, repair, replacement or restoration of the Premises or
of any facilities or services thereof.

       6. Brokers

        Sublessee and Sublessor represent that they have not dealt with any broker or brokers in
connection with this Sublease. Sublessee and Sublessor hereby indemnify and hold each other
harmless from all liability to any broker claiming to have acted on behalf of Sublessee or Sublessor
or their respective representatives.


07/18/2025
