         B.       Cessation of Franchised Business and Disassociation. Franchisee shall immediately cease
to operate the Franchised Business and shall not thereafter, directly or indirectly, represent to the public or
hold itself out as a present or former franchisee of Franchisor.

         C.       Proprietary Marks, Information and Materials. Franchisee shall immediately and
permanently cease to use, by advertising or in any other manner whatsoever, any confidential methods,
procedures, and techniques associated with the System and the Proprietary Marks. Any license to use the
System and the Proprietary Marks immediately shall terminate and Franchisor has the right to immediately
terminate Franchisee’s access to the POS System. In particular, without limitation, Franchisee shall cease
to use all signs, equipment, advertising materials, stationery, forms, and any other articles which display
the Proprietary Marks; provided, however, that this Section 21.C. shall not apply to the operation by
Franchisee of another GNC Store under the System, pursuant to another agreement between Franchisor and
Franchisee which is then in effect. Franchisee shall take all necessary steps to assign, transfer or surrender
to Franchisor or otherwise place in Franchisor or its designee title to all such names or marks (other than
the Proprietary Marks) which Franchisee may have used during the term of this Agreement in connection
with the operation of the Store. Franchisee shall not use any reproduction, counterfeit, copy, or colorable
imitation of the Proprietary Marks in connection with any business or for any other use, or use any mark
which is likely to cause confusion, mistake, or deception, or which is likely to dilute Franchisor’s exclusive
rights in and to the Proprietary Marks; and further shall not utilize any designation of origin or description
or representation which falsely suggests or represents a current or former association or connection with
Franchisor.

        D.       Cancellation of Assumed Names. Franchisee shall take such action as may be necessary
to cancel any assumed or fictitious name or equivalent registration which contains a Proprietary Mark; and
Franchisee shall furnish Franchisor with evidence satisfactory to Franchisor of compliance with this
obligation within thirty (30) days after termination or expiration of this Agreement.

         E.       Surrender of Possession; Assignment; Renovation. At Franchisor’s option, and within
three (3) business days after Franchisor gives notice to Franchisee, Franchisee shall turn over physical
possession of the Store to Franchisor. Franchisee expressly acknowledges and agrees that the failure by
Franchisee to allow Franchisor to take possession of the Store, or any attempt by Franchisee to remove
inventory, furniture, fixtures or equipment from the Store, shall infringe upon the intellectual property and
proprietary rights of Franchisor and shall cause immediate, irreparable, and incalculable harm and
significant injury to Franchisor, damages for which may be difficult or impossible to ascertain and for which
no adequate remedy at law may be available. Accordingly, Franchisee consents to the granting of equitable
relief, including an injunction and specific performance in Franchisor’s favor, without proof of actual
damages or posting of a bond or other security, such bond or other security hereby being waived. Franchisee
shall pay on demand all court costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees incurred by Franchisor or its Affiliates
in obtaining such equitable relief. Franchisee shall, at Franchisor’s option, assign to Franchisor any right,
title and interest which Franchisee has in any lease for the premises of the Franchised Business and any
governmental licenses or permits used for the operation of the Store, and assign to Franchisor, or
discontinue use of, the telephone numbers, telephone directory listings and advertisements, website URLs,
and e-mail addresses for the use or operation of the Store. If Franchisee fails to promptly execute and
deliver such assignments to Franchisor, Franchisee hereby grants any officer of Franchisor an irrevocable
power of attorney, coupled with an interest, to execute such assignments on Franchisee’s behalf. In the
event Franchisor does not elect to exercise its option to acquire the lease for the premises of the Franchised
Business pursuant to this Section 21.E., Franchisee shall make such modifications or alterations to the
premises operated hereunder (including changing the telephone number and changing the color scheme
and/or other distinctive design features) immediately upon termination or expiration of this Agreement as
may be necessary to distinguish the appearance of said premises from that of GNC Stores under the System,
and shall make such specific additional changes thereto as Franchisor may reasonably request for that
                                                      32

07/18/2025
