       YOUR ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT—AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT (1)

           (Column 1)                        (Column 2)            (Column 3)         (Column 4)           (Column 5)
       Type of expenditure                    Amount               Method of          When due              To whom
                                                                    payment                                  payment
                                                                                                          is to be made
Additional Funds—3 months              $10,000 to $30,000         As              As Incurred           Landlord,
(15)                                                              Incurred                              Employees,
                                                                                                        Suppliers

TOTAL (16)
  New Franchise Store                  $195,219 to $514,042
  Smoothie Bar                         $32,000 to $65,000


  Explanatory Notes:

  1.       The amounts in this chart apply to the development of your first New Franchise Store under a
           Development Agreement. The amounts in this chart that are not specifically identified as
           expenditures for a New Franchise Store or Smoothie Bar also apply to the first New Franchise
           Store. Expenditures relating to including a Smoothie Bar in the first Store are specifically identified
           as such. All expenditures are non-refundable unless specifically noted otherwise.

  2.       You must pay us a Development Fee if you enter into a Development Agreement with us to develop
           a specified number of New Franchise Stores as set forth in a development schedule. You must
           agree to develop a minimum of two (2) New Franchise Stores under a Development Agreement.
           The Development Fee is equal to the sum of the following: (i) a development rights fee, which will
           be determined by us and will vary based on the location of the Development Area and other factors
           we deem relevant, (ii) a fee equal to the applicable initial franchise fee for the first GNC Store you
           agree to develop, and (iii) a fee equal to 50% of the total initial franchise fees for all of the remaining
           GNC Stores that you agree to develop. The initial franchise fee for each GNC Store that you
           develop under the Development Agreement is to be paid in addition to the Development Fee;
           provided, that the fees paid pursuant to (ii) and (iii) in the preceding sentence will be credited
           toward the initial franchise fees due for the Stores as long as you develop and open the Stores in
           accordance with the terms of the Development Agreement (the credit will be in an amount equal to
           100% of the initial franchise fee due for the first Store, and 50% of the initial franchise fee due for
           each remaining Store). The remainder of the initial franchise fee due for each GNC Store shall be
           immediately due and payable upon execution of the Franchise Agreement for that GNC Store.

           A Development Agreement may be awarded to a new franchisee, an existing franchisee or an
           employee of ours pursuant to our employee program (See Item 1 for a description of the employee
           program). If you are a new franchisee, the initial franchise fee for your first New Franchise Store
           under the Development Agreement is $20,000. If you are an existing franchisee or an employee of
           ours, the initial franchise fee for your first New Franchise Store under the Development Agreement
           is $15,000. See Item 5 for the conditions when this fee is refundable. For each Store that you
           develop, we may also require you to pay us a franchise security deposit in the amount of Two
           Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($2,500). This deposit will be held by us until the expiration or
           termination of the Franchise Agreement, in which event the deposit will either (i) be returned to
           you within 60 days after expiration or termination, if you do not have any outstanding payment
           obligations to us under the Franchise Agreement or related agreement, or (ii) be applied to any

                                                          43
  07/18/2025
