                                             GNC HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

              NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)


NOTE 8. DEFERRED REVENUE AND OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES

      Deferred revenue and other current liabilities consisted of the following:

                                                                          March 31, 2025        December 31, 2024
                                                                                      (in thousands)
                 Deferred revenue                                       $            19,357 $               17,747
                 Accrued compensation and related benefits                             13,942                  10,188
                 Accrued interest                                                       8,692                    3,362
                 Other current liabilities                                             15,202                  13,050
                Total deferred revenue and other current liabilities    $              57,193   $              44,347




NOTE 9. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

         The Company is engaged in various legal actions, claims and proceedings arising in the normal course of business,
including claims related to breach of contracts, product liability matters, intellectual property matters and employment-related
matters resulting from the Company's business activities.

          The Company's contingencies are subject to substantial uncertainties, including for each such contingency the following,
among other factors: (i) the procedural status of the case; (ii) whether the case has or may be certified as a class action suit; (iii)
the outcome of preliminary motions; (iv) the impact of discovery; (v) whether there are significant factual issues to be determined
or resolved; (vi) whether the proceedings involve a large number of parties and/or parties and claims in multiple jurisdictions or
jurisdictions in which the relevant laws are complex or unclear; (vii) the extent of potential damages, which are often unspecified
or indeterminate; and (viii) the status of settlement discussions, if any, and the settlement posture of the parties. Consequently,
except as otherwise noted below with regard to a particular matter, the Company cannot predict with any reasonable certainty the
timing or outcome of the legal matters described below, and the Company is unable to estimate a possible loss or range of loss
for such matters. If the Company ultimately is required to make any payments in connection with an adverse outcome in any of
the matters discussed below, it is possible that it could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows.

         As a retailer of nutritional supplements and other consumer products that are ingested by consumers or applied to their
bodies, the Company has been subjected to various product liability claims. Although the effects of these claims to date have not
been material to the Company, it is possible that product liability claims could have a material adverse effect on its business or
financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. The Company currently maintains product liability insurance with a
deductible/retention of $4.0 million per claim with an aggregate cap on retained loss of $10.0 million per policy year. The
Company typically seeks and has obtained contractual indemnification from most parties that supply its products or that
manufacture or market products it sells. The Company also typically seeks to be added, and has been added, as an additional
insured under most of such parties' insurance policies. However, any such indemnification or insurance is limited by its terms
and any such indemnification, as a practical matter, is limited to the creditworthiness of the indemnifying party and its insurer,
and the absence of significant defenses by the insurers. Consequently, the Company may incur material product liability claims,
which could increase its costs and adversely affect its reputation, revenue and operating income.

Environmental Compliance

         The Company is subject to numerous federal, state, local and foreign environmental and health and safety laws and
regulations governing its operations, including the handling, transportation and disposal of non-hazardous and hazardous
substances and wastes, as well as emissions and discharges from its operations into the environment, including discharges to air,
surface water and groundwater. Failure to comply with such laws and regulations could result in costs for remedial actions,

                                                                  20
