       the Store location, and the building code requirements of your area. Shipping and installation costs
       are included in the construction estimates. Construction includes installation of all the materials to
       build out the Store such as acoustical ceiling and flooring materials, plumbing, fixtures, HVAC,
       electrical, and drywall. Other construction costs you may incur include lighting, props (pieces used
       in Stores for visual effects and decoration), floor (if not already installed, wood flooring or ceramic
       tile), graphics (interior signage and photos), and miscellaneous items (plexiglass sign holders, etc.).
       You must engage a third-party contractor for construction of a Smoothie Bar in the Store.

       As-is locations are sites which are leased in their present condition. This might mean that the
       previous tenant has removed fixtures, etc. Vanilla shell locations are sites where the space may
       have been prepared by the landlord with electrical service, 2 x 4 light fixtures, 2 x 4 acoustical
       ceiling tiles, plumbing, drywall and HVAC. Thus, leasing a vanilla shell space will generally
       decrease your initial investment because the site is ready for the installation of fixtures, flooring,
       cashwrap and additional electrical items.

8.     We may require payments in stages during the construction process for the Store (for the estimated
       costs of inventory, signage, equipment, fixtures, and construction costs for the Store). For example,
       we may require 34% of the estimated costs at the time the building permit is received, 33% of the
       estimated costs at the start of construction, and the balance of the costs when construction is
       completed.

9.     This estimate for Conversion Stores includes estimated amounts charged for the assets, including
       goodwill, of the Store. These amounts will vary on a case-by-case basis depending on the Store
       converted and the value that we or our affiliates place on the assets and the converted Store. This
       estimate also includes amounts charged for any remodeling of the Store that is necessary to bring
       it up to current standards (e.g., installing a new fixture package).

10.    For a New Franchise Store, you will be required to engage architectural and engineering consultants
       to prepare stamped architectural drawings and obtain permitting for a standard GNC Store design.
       These consultants will prepare architectural, electrical and mechanical drawings that must comply
       with applicable governmental building codes and regulations. Generally, you will engage
       architectural and engineering consultants designated by us, and we will pass through those
       consultant expenses to you. In our sole discretion, we may allow you to engage your own
       architectural and engineering consultants. You may incur additional fees for any design and
       engineering in addition to a standard GNC Store design (e.g., addition of a Smoothie Bar).

11.    For a New Franchise Store, you must pay us a $5,000 project management fee for oversight of the
       construction of your Store. This fee offsets our in-house costs for ordering, logistics, coordination,
       fixture layout, bidding, and carrying costs for materials and fixture package. For a Conversion
       Store, the amount of the fee will vary depending on the scope of work, level of engagement by our
       construction team, and the amount of time required for any necessary construction and remodeling.
       If we allow you to incorporate a Smoothie Bar into your Store, you may also be required to pay us
       an additional management fee for construction of the Smoothie Bar, which will vary depending on
       the scope of work and the level of engagement by our construction team.

12.    Opening inventory includes a supply of inventory items supplied by us with a wholesale cost of
       approximately $80,000 to $85,000 for a New Franchise Store. Your store at all times must maintain
       its opening order inventory value to ensure an adequate stock of inventory. At a minimum to not
       be at risk for being in default of your franchise obligations, you are required to maintain at least
       $60,000 of inventory at wholesale cost, in an appropriate mix that ensures that the store is at all
       times fully stocked in accordance with GNC’s merchandising and plan-o-gram guidelines, presents

                                                    38
07/18/2025
