purpose. In the event Franchisee fails or refuses to comply with the requirements of this Section 21.E.,
Franchisor shall have the right to enter upon the premises where Franchisee’s Franchised Business was
conducted, or where the leased premises are being constructed or otherwise prepared to open, without being
guilty of trespass or any other tort, for the purpose of making or causing to be made such changes as may
be required at the expense of Franchisee, which expense Franchisee agrees to pay upon demand.

         F.      Payment to Franchisor and Affiliates. Franchisee shall promptly pay all sums owing to
Franchisor and its Affiliates, together with any advertising and promotional funds, including interest on
overdue monies as described in Section 4.G. In the event of termination for any default of Franchisee, such
sums shall include all damages, costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, incurred by
Franchisor as a result of the default, which obligation shall give rise to and remain, until paid in full, a lien
in favor of Franchisor against any and all of the personal property, equipment, inventory, and fixtures owned
by Franchisee and on all premises operated hereunder at the time of default.

        G.      Attorneys’ Fees and Court Costs. Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor all damages, costs
and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and court costs, incurred by Franchisor subsequent to
the termination or expiration of this Agreement in obtaining injunctive or other relief for the enforcement
of any provisions of this Section 21.

         H.      Return of Franchise Information and Materials. Franchisee shall immediately turn over to
Franchisor all Manuals, customer lists, records, files, instructions, correspondence, and all other materials
related to operating the Franchised Business which are in Franchisee’s possession, and all copies thereof
(all of which are acknowledged to be Franchisor’s property), excepting only Franchisee’s copy of this
Agreement and any correspondence between the parties, and any other documents which Franchisee
reasonably needs for compliance with any provision of law.

         I.       Purchase Option. Franchisor shall have the option, to be exercised within thirty (30) days
after termination or expiration, to purchase from Franchisee any or all of the inventory or merchandise
owned by Franchisee and originally purchased from Franchisor or its Affiliates, at Franchisee’s cost based
on the most recent invoices received by Franchisee; to purchase any or all of the inventory or merchandise
owned by Franchisee and originally purchased from a third party vendor for a pre-determined value as may
from time to time be determined by Franchisor for categories of products; and to purchase any or all
equipment, fixtures, and signs used in the Franchised Business, for their depreciated value based upon a
five (5) year, straight line depreciation schedule, but in any event, no more than the cost of such items at
the time they were put into service. Franchisor shall also have the option, to be exercised within thirty (30)
days after termination or expiration, to purchase from Franchisee the Store premises at fair market value if
the Franchisee owns the Store premises. If the parties cannot agree on fair market value for the Store
premises within a reasonable time, an independent appraiser shall be chosen by the parties (the cost of
which shall be borne equally by the parties), and his or her determination shall be binding. If Franchisor
elects to exercise any option to purchase herein provided, it shall have the right to set off any amount owed
to Franchisee against all amounts due from Franchisee to Franchisor, its Affiliates, successors or assigns
under this Agreement or any Related Agreement. Franchisor shall also have the right to set off the cost of
the appraisal, if any, against any payment to Franchisee.

        J.       POS System. Franchisee shall relinquish the POS System to Franchisor, and Franchisor
shall purchase the POS System from Franchisee for its depreciated value (as of the date of expiration or
termination) as determined by Franchisor in its sole discretion.

         K.     Survival. All covenants, obligations, and agreements of Franchisee which by their terms
or by reasonable implication or by their nature are to be performed, in whole or in part, after the termination

                                                       33

07/18/2025
