         E.      Premises. Franchisor shall have approved, in its sole discretion, the continued operation
of the Franchised Business at the Store premises and the terms of any lease extension or new lease covering
the renewal term, whether the lease for the Store premises is with Franchisor or Franchisor’s Affiliate or
with a third party, including a third party in which Franchisee has an interest. If Franchisee subleases the
Store premises from Franchisor or Franchisor’s Affiliate, Franchisee agrees that Franchisor or Franchisor’s
Affiliate has no obligation to exercise any lease option, if available, or otherwise extend the term of any
master lease for the renewal term to accommodate this Conditional Renewal Term;

         F.        Franchise Agreement and Renewal Fee. Franchisee and its Principals shall execute
Franchisor’s then-current form of franchise agreement, and any accompanying addenda and ancillary
agreements (including the guaranties contemplated by Section 5.B.(ii) hereof or as otherwise required by
Franchisor), for such renewal term, which agreement shall supersede this Agreement in all respects, and
the terms of which may differ substantially from the terms of this Agreement, including the Royalty Fees;
provided, however, that Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor, in lieu of an initial franchise fee, a Renewal Fee
equal to Twelve Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($12,500), and Franchisor may waive any of the Pre-
Opening Obligations to the extent they are inapplicable or already fulfilled by Franchisee to Franchisor’s
satisfaction. The Renewal Fee shall be paid to Franchisor on or before the expiration date of this Agreement
(the “Renewal Fee Due Date”). If the Renewal Fee is not paid in full by the Renewal Fee Due Date,
Franchisor may thereafter charge late fees and interest on the unpaid portion of the Renewal Fee in
accordance with Section 4.G. Any obligation to pay late fees and/or interest on the unpaid portion of the
Renewal Fee shall survive the expiration of this Agreement. The Renewal Fee shall be fully earned by
Franchisor in consideration of granting the renewal franchise and shall be non-refundable except as
otherwise provided in this Agreement. If Franchisee is leasing or subleasing the Store premises, and the
remaining term of the lease or sublease is shorter than the 5-year renewal term, then Franchisor shall have
the right, in its sole discretion, to adjust the term of the renewal franchise agreement to match the term of
the lease or sublease for the Store, and, in such case, Franchisor may, in its sole discretion, charge a Renewal
Fee that is less than the Renewal Fee set forth in this paragraph;

         G.       Release. Franchisee and its Principals and any entity in which they have any ownership
interest or control, directly or indirectly, whose business relates in any way to the Franchised Business, the
Products or Franchisor, shall execute a general release covering all existing GNC franchised stores in which
such parties have an interest, in a form prescribed by Franchisor, of any and all claims against Franchisor
and its Affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, agents, and employees;

         H.     Training. Franchisee shall comply with Franchisor’s then-current qualification and
training requirements for renewal franchisees;

        I.     Ability to Operate the Franchised Business at a Profit. Franchisee’s Gross Sales during the
Franchise Term have enabled Franchisee to cover all costs of operating the Franchised Business; and

        J.      Credit Rating. Franchisee shall have a sound credit rating with all trade purveyors and
service agencies and sufficient financial resources to continue to operate the Franchised Business in
accordance with the requirements of the then-current form of franchise agreement.

        20.      DEFAULT AND TERMINATION.

        A.       Automatic Termination without Notice or Opportunity to Cure. Franchisee shall be in
default under this Agreement and all rights granted herein shall automatically terminate without notice to
Franchisee:


                                                      27

07/18/2025
