                                        GNC HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES

                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




industry or economic trends, underperforming stores and anticipated store closings. If it is determined that the carrying value of
the applicable asset group is not recoverable, an impairment loss is recognized for the amount the carrying value of the long-lived
asset exceeds its estimated fair value. During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company recorded $23.1 million in non-
cash long-lived asset impairments, consisting of $14.0 million related to underperforming corporate-owned stores, as discussed
in Note 6. "Property, Plant and Equipment, net / Capitalized Software," and $9.1 million related to its definite-lived intangible
related to its wholesale relationship with Rite Aid, as discussed in Note. 5 "Goodwill and Intangible Assets." No impairment was
recorded during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022.

          Equity Method Investments. The Company uses the equity method of accounting for equity investments if the
investment provides the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, over operating and financial policies of the
investee. Under the equity method, the Company's share of profits and losses from the joint ventures is recorded within income
(loss) from equity method investments on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. The Company evaluates equity method
investments for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the investment
might not be recoverable. Factors considered by the Company when reviewing an equity method investment for impairment
include the length of time (duration) and the extent (severity) to which the fair value of the equity method investment has been
less than cost, the investee’s financial condition and near-term prospects and the intent and ability to hold the investment for a
period of time sufficient to allow for anticipated recovery. An impairment that is other-than-temporary is recognized in the period
identified. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized $16.8 million other-than-temporary impairment of
its investment in the Hong Kong and China joint ventures (HK JV and China JV). For the years ended December 31, 2024 and
2023, no other-than-temporary impairment was recorded relative to the Company's equity method investments.

          Non-Marketable Equity Investments. The Company's equity investments in privately held companies without a readily
determinable fair value ("non-marketable equity investments") are accounted for at its cost minus impairment. The Company
considers whether impairment indicators exist by evaluating the companies' financial and liquidity position, access to capital
resources and other available market data. If the Company identifies observable price changes in orderly transactions for identical
or similar investments of the same issuer, the carrying value of the non-marketable equity investments is measured at fair value
as of the date that the observable transaction occurred. Adjustments are recorded to the Consolidated Statement of Operations. In
2023, the Company recorded a $5.6 million impairment loss. In 2024 and 2022, the Company did not record any impairment
charges related to its non-marketable equity investments.

          Revenue Recognition. Within the U.S. and Canada segment, retail sales in company-owned stores are recognized at
the point of sale, net of sales tax. Revenue related to e-commerce sales is recognized upon shipment based on meeting the transfer
of control criteria. The Company has made a policy election to treat shipping and handling as costs to fulfill the contract, and as
a result, any fees from customers are included in the transaction price allocated to the performance obligation of providing goods
with a corresponding amount accrued within cost of sales for amounts paid to applicable carriers. Taxes collected from customers
relating to product sales and remitted to governmental authorities are excluded from revenue. A provision for anticipated returns
is recorded through a reduction of sales and cost of sales (for product that can be resold or returned to vendors) in the period that
the related sales are recorded.

         The Company offers myGNC Rewards, a free points-based loyalty program system-wide in the U.S. The program
enables customers to earn points based on their purchases. Points earned by members are valid for one year and may be redeemed
for cash discounts on any product the Company sells at both company-owned or franchise locations. The Company defers the
estimated standalone selling price of points related to this program as a reduction to revenue as points are earned by allocating a
portion of the transaction price the customer pays to a loyalty program liability within deferred revenue and other current liabilities
on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The estimated selling price of each point is based on the estimated value of product for which
the point is expected to be redeemed, net of points not expected to be redeemed, based on historical redemption. When a customer
redeems earned points, revenue is recognized with a corresponding reduction to the program liability.




                                                                  15
