                                       GNC HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES

                    NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 1. NATURE OF BUSINESS

         GNC Holdings, LLC, a Delaware company (“Holdings,” and collectively with its subsidiaries, the “Company” or
"GNC"), is a global health and wellness brand with a diversified, omni-channel business. The Company's assortment of
performance and nutritional supplements, vitamins, herbs and greens, health and beauty, food and drink and other general
merchandise features innovative private-label products as well as nationally recognized third-party brands, many of which are
exclusive to GNC.

Acquisition

           GNC Holdings, Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries (“Debtors”) commenced voluntary cases under Chapter 11 of the
United States Bankruptcy Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware on June 23, 2020. Harbin
Pharmaceutical Group Holding Co., Ltd. (“Parent”) agreed to acquire substantially all of the Debtor's assets and assume certain
liabilities pursuant to a stalking horse agreement (the “Stalking Horse Agreement”). GNC Holdings, LLC was subsequently
formed as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent on August 17, 2020 (inception) and commenced operations on October 7, 2020
at the closing of the acquisition. The Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of ZT Biopharmaceutical, LLC (“ZT”), a Delaware
limited liability company, which in turn is a wholly owned subsidiary of Jacks Management (Suzhou) Limited (“Jacks
Management” or "Jacks"), an entity formed in the Peoples Republic of China. The Parent, indirectly through ZT and Jacks
Management, owns 100% of GNC Holdings, LLC.

Recent Events and Liquidity

          The Company has recently experienced negative same store sales and a decline in gross profit. The Company is focusing
on sustainable revenue growth by enhancing the in-store and online customer experience, targeting marketing efforts to drive
traffic, and fostering product innovation. Additionally, cost reduction initiatives are underway, including manufacturing
diversification, supply chain optimization, and efficiencies through workforce reorganization.

         At March 31, 2025, the Company has an outstanding principal balance of $205.4 million on its 1L Term Loan with the
Bank of China. In August 2024, the Company and Bank of China agreed to amend and restate the 1L Term Loan, whereby the
Company's next repayment obligation on the 1L Term Loan of $20.0 million is due in May 2025 and the remaining balance of
the loan is due in October 2025. Refer to Note 6. "Debt / Interest Expense" for more information. Pursuant to the terms of the
amendment, the Company satisfied its $20.0 million obligation in May 2025. As of June 3, 2025, the date the consolidated
financial statements were available to be issued, the Company had debt maturities of $185.4 million on its 1L Term Loan due
within one year.

          All obligations under the 1L Term Loan are unconditionally and irrevocably, jointly and severally, guaranteed by Parent,
together with Jacks Management and ZT, pursuant to the terms of the Facilities Agreement and the First Lien Guarantee and
Collateral Agreement dated October 7, 2020. The 1L Term Loan guarantee is secured by a pledge of Parent's shares of Harbin
Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. ("Listco"), which are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, by way of a first priority pledge,
to Bank of China. The number of pledged shares was 926.9 million as of the date of the pledge, representing approximately 37%
of the total issued shares of Listco. The pledged shares were valued at approximately $497 million using the market capitalization
as of May 21, 2025. The guarantee and pledge remain in effect until all 1L Term Loan obligations are satisfied. The capital stock
of the Listco has been registered as pledged shares at the China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation. In the event of
non-payment on the 1L Term Loan by the Company, Bank of China is allowed to transfer the equivalent amount of shares to its
name, without any action by the Parent which will fully satisfy the Company's obligations under the 1L Term Loan.




                                                                9
