        6.5.2.   In addition, Seller and Purchaser shall execute such instruments of Assignment,
                 Assumption, and Transfer and Bills of Sale as may be necessary to convey the Assets and
                 if applicable, to assign the Lease; and

        6.5.3    If applicable, the Sublease upon the terms and conditions of and in the form annexed hereto
                 as Exhibit C.

Section 7. Representation and Warranties of Seller

Seller represents and warrants to Purchaser the following as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date:

7.1     Authority. Seller is a limited liability company, duly formed, validly existing, and in good standing
        under the laws of the state of Delaware. Seller has full and absolute power and authority to enter
        into this Agreement and all ancillary documents delivered pursuant hereto, and to assume and
        perform all of its obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
        performance by the Seller of its obligations hereunder have been duly authorized by all requisite
        company action, and no further action or approval is required in order to constitute this Agreement
        as a binding and enforceable obligation of the Seller.

7.2     Seller’s Compliance. Except as otherwise set forth herein, neither the execution and delivery of
        this Agreement nor the consummation of any material transaction contemplated hereby requires
        the consent or approval of a third party or will conflict with, or (with or without the giving of notice
        or the passage of time or both) result in a breach of, any of the terms, conditions, or provisions of
        any material law, regulation, judicial order, or administrative order, writ, injunction, judgment or
        decree of any court or governmental instrumentality that is applicable to or binding upon Seller, or
        the corporate charter or bylaws or other governing documents of Seller, or the provisions of any
        material note, indenture, agreement or other instrument by which Seller is bound. Furthermore,
        Seller has no knowledge or information that there are any actions, suits or proceedings (whether or
        not purportedly on behalf of Seller), pending or threatened, which would materially adversely affect
        the Assets or the Premises or Seller’s ability to convey the Assets.

7.3     Premises. Seller has no knowledge or information that its use of the Premises is in violation of any
        applicable material laws, ordinances, or regulations. Seller has not received notice to the contrary
        from any government authorities at any level.

7.4     Lease. If a Lease is indicated on Page 1 herein, Seller is the lessee of the Premises, is in full
        compliance with the material terms of the Lease, and has not received any notice of default with
        respect to the Lease.

7.5     Binding on Seller. This Agreement, the Product Sales Agreement, and all other documents
        delivered by Seller in connection herewith, have been duly executed and delivered by Seller and
        constitute valid and binding obligations of Seller, enforceable against Seller in accordance with
        their terms.

7.6     Cooperation. Seller agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to facilitate the transfer of the
        Assets under this Agreement and to that end, agrees to execute any and all such additional
        documents as are required to carry out the terms and provisions of this Agreement, provided such
        document(s) are in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Seller.




07/18/2025
