                                 GNC SMOOTHIE BAR ADDENDUM
                                        (For Renewals)

        This Addendum is made this      day of                  , 20 , by and between GNC HOLDINGS,
LLC (the “Franchisor”) and __________________ (the “Franchisee”). Capitalized terms used but not
otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Franchise Agreement.

        WHEREAS, Franchisor and Franchisee have entered into a renewal Franchise Agreement dated
          (the “Franchise Agreement”) for a GNC franchise located at                    ;

         WHEREAS, Franchisee is currently operating, and desires to continue operating, a GNC Smoothie
Bar in Franchisee’s GNC Store, which allows Franchisee to offer for retail sale drinks that combine fruit,
juice, protein powders and nutritional supplements; and

     WHEREAS, Franchisor and Franchisee wish to amend the Franchise Agreement to include this
GNC Smoothie Bar Addendum.

      NOW THEREFORE, in receipt of consideration that is hereby acknowledged, the parties to this
Addendum do hereby covenant and agree as follows:

1. OPERATION OF SMOOTHIE BAR. Franchisor hereby grants to Franchisee the right to continue to
   operate a GNC Smoothie Bar in Franchisee’s GNC Store. To ensure a consistent look at every GNC
   Smoothie Bar, Franchisee must maintain the layout and look of the GNC Smoothie Bar as may be
   required by Franchisor in its sole discretion from time to time. Franchisee also agrees to comply with
   any requirements imposed by Franchisor from time to time for the operation of the GNC Smoothie Bar.
   To the extent required by Franchisor, brochures, take out menus, and nutritional information cards must
   be in the merchandising units readily available for customers. Franchisee agrees to comply with any
   revisions to the Plan-O-Gram that Franchisor may require from time to time in its sole discretion upon
   notice in the Manuals or otherwise in writing. Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor may, in its sole
   discretion, require Franchisee, at Franchisee’s sole cost, to remove the GNC Smoothie Bar from Franchisee’s
   Store at the time of any renewal of the Franchise Agreement or remodeling of Franchisee’s GNC Store.

2. SMOOTHIE TRAINING. Franchisor reserves the right to require Franchisee, and if Franchisee is not
   an individual, Franchisee’s Designated Principal, or any manager employed by Franchisee, to attend and
   successfully complete a Smoothie training program at Franchisor’s Franchise Support Center in
   Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, or at another location designated by Franchisor. If Franchisee or its manager
   does not successfully complete the training program, Franchisor shall have the right to immediately
   revoke Franchisee’s right to continue to operate a GNC Smoothie Bar in Franchisee’s GNC Store.

3. AMENDMENTS TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT.

    A. The following language shall be added to Section 12.B of the Franchise Agreement:

        If Franchisee has a GNC Smoothie Bar, Franchisee shall purchase its inventory of ingredients and
        supplies, including, but not limited to, products, fruit and juice either from Franchisor or one of its
        Affiliates or from an approved supplier of such ingredients or supplies, in such categories and
        minimum quantities as are specified by Franchisor in the Manuals or otherwise in writing.

    B. The following language shall be added to Section 17.B. of the Franchise Agreement:




07/18/2025
