        (Column 1)                  (Column 2)                (Column 3)                 (Column 4)
        Type of fee                  Amount                    Due Date                   Remarks
 Operating Management          $2,000 per week           As incurred and if        In the event that a
 Fee (15)                                                necessary                 franchisee dies or is
                                                                                   disabled, we may, in
                                                                                   our discretion, operate
                                                                                   the Store until such
                                                                                   time that a transfer can
                                                                                   be completed under
                                                                                   the terms of the
                                                                                   Franchise Agreement.

 Securities Offering Fee       $5,000                    Upon submission of        For each proposed
 (16)                                                    offering materials        offering, you must pay
                                                                                   us a non-refundable
                                                                                   fee of $5,000 to cover
                                                                                   our costs and expenses
                                                                                   associated with
                                                                                   reviewing the
                                                                                   proposed offering,
                                                                                   including legal and
                                                                                   accounting costs.


Explanatory Notes:

1. Generally, and except as otherwise noted in this Item, all fees are uniformly imposed and are non-
refundable. However, from time to time, in special or certain circumstances, we may agree to reduce or
not charge certain fees for a period of time. These decisions are made on a case-by-case basis. Except as
otherwise noted in this Item, all fees are payable to, and imposed and collected by, us.

2. You will pay a recurring royalty fee of 6% of your gross sales.

3. We currently charge a recurring advertising fee of 3% of total gross sales, but we reserve the right to
increase or decrease this fee from time to time on thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to you. We do not
collect or impose advertising fees on behalf of a third party. However, we may elect to have you pay the
national advertising fee to an advertising agency which we select.

4. We will not refund a transfer fee unless you do not complete the transfer of your Store or your interest
in franchisee, in the case of a franchisee ownership interest transfer. Generally, we will charge a transfer
fee equal to the then-current undiscounted initial franchise fee we charge a new franchisee for a new Store.
However, there may be certain circumstances where we charge a reduced transfer fee, such as where a
distressed Store is being transferred. You may not transfer a GNC Smoothie Bar separately from your GNC
Store. The transfer fee calculation excludes initial franchise fees paid for a GNC Smoothie Bar.

5. If you desire to purchase an existing GNC Store from another GNC franchisee, or if you purchase a
Conversion Store, you may be required to remodel the Store. The Franchise Agreement grants us the right
to require you to remodel your Store no more than once every 5 years.




                                                    31
07/18/2025
