any goods, products or services (including GNC Brand Supplements), by any other means (including direct
or indirect sales, electronic communications, Internet, world wide web, websites, electronic pages,
interactive electronic media, shopping networks, direct mail, mail order, catalog sales and any other method
of sale or distribution which now exists or which may in the future exist) to any business, distributor,
wholesaler, retailer, establishment, organization, club, outlet, individual consumer, or customer at any
location. These other points of sale may be located in your Protected Territory or Development Area, and
the goods, products or services may be sold to customers located in your Protected Territory or
Development Area. We are not required to pay you any compensation for soliciting or accepting orders
from inside your Protected Territory or Development Area.

        We and our affiliates also retain the right to purchase, merge, acquire or affiliate with an existing
competitive or noncompetitive franchise network, chain or any other business regardless of the location of
that chain’s or business’ facilities, and to operate, franchise or license those businesses and/or facilities as
GNC Stores operating under the Proprietary Marks or any other marks; provided, that we will not operate,
franchise or license such businesses as GNC Stores operating under the Proprietary Marks within your
Protected Territory during your protective period.

         We may pursue and enter into wholesaling or distribution relationships with other third-party retail
stores, which stores may be located within your Protected Territory, and which stores may offer for sale the
same or similar products offered by you, including GNC Brand Supplements, at varying prices.

         We currently have an agreement with Rite Aid Corporation that allows it to offer and sell GNC
brand products and services in Rite Aid stores. These Rite Aid stores are owned and operated by Rite Aid
and are staffed by Rite Aid employees. We wholesale GNC brand products to Ride Aid to sell in these
stores, and Rite Aid determines how to stock and display these products. Most of these stores target the
mass-market consumer in locations that are primarily freestanding (as opposed to mall or strip centers where
our franchisees are usually located). In addition, these Rite Aid stores may be located within your Protected
Territory. We are also the exclusive supplier of Rite Aid’s private label vitamins and nutritional
supplements, which may be similar to the products offered by you.

         Select GNC-branded products and private-label GNC products are also currently offered and sold
at various other brick-and-mortar stores, including drug, grocery, club, travel/convenience, department, big
box/mass, pet, specialty, off-price/value, and military wholesale stores. These stores include, among others,
Albertson’s, CVS, DFS (Duty-Free Stores), AAFES, NEXCOM MCX (Marine’s Exchange), Food Lion,
H-E-B Grocery, Hy-Vee, Pilot Flying J, Sam’s Club, Walgreen’s, and Walmart. The products sold in these
stores may be the same or similar to products offered by you, and these stores may be located within your
Protected Territory.

OUR RIGHT TO ESTABLISH COMPANY-OWNED OR FRANCHISED STORES AND OTHER CHANNELS OF
DISTRIBUTION UNDER DIFFERENT TRADEMARKS

         We and our affiliates retain the rights to establish and operate or license any other person or entity
to establish and operate retail stores, outlets or kiosks which sell or distribute similar products or services
under a trademark or trade name different from our Proprietary Marks (the “Non-GNC Outlets”) inside or
outside your Protected Territory or Development Area. These Non-GNC Outlets may sell or lease the same
or similar products or services as your Store. We and our affiliates also reserve the right to operate Non-
GNC Outlets that may be acquired and converted after a transition period to GNC franchise or company-
owned Stores. These Non-GNC Outlets may carry products the same as or similar to those offered by a
franchisee, such as vitamins, sports nutrition products, and health foods. We and our affiliates may
manufacture and distribute products to Non-GNC Outlets owned by us or our affiliates. Subject to our right
in the Franchise Agreement and Development Agreement to purchase, merge, acquire or affiliate with

                                                      70
07/18/2025
