predecessor also agreed to revise its approach to vendors of third-party products, including setting specific
vendor certifications for compliance with applicable federal legal requirements. Vendors would also be
required to make certain warranties with regard to dietary supplements, including that the dietary
supplements contain only legal dietary ingredients pursuant to the terms of the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic
Act. Our predecessor also agreed to amend its purchasing agreements to provide it with the unilateral right
to limit the use of promotional money at any time. Our predecessor also agreed to update its training
modules and provide additional training for its retail store employees relating to the handling of adverse
event reports received from customers. The obligations under the agreement had a term of sixty months
from the date of the agreement. Our predecessor agreed to commit at least $500,000 over the term of the
agreement to further certain industry initiatives to improve the quality, purity, integrity and safety of dietary
supplement products; regulatory compliance; and credibility, stability and integrity in the supplement
industry. Our predecessor also agreed to pay the sum of $2,250,000 to the United States. The agreement
expired by its terms on December 7, 2021 with no further obligations.

         Attorney General Rosenblum for the State of Oregon vs. General Nutrition Corporation
(Multnomah County Circuit Court, Case No. 15-CV-28591). On October 22, 2015, the Attorney General
for the State of Oregon (“Oregon”) filed this lawsuit for alleged violations of the Oregon Unlawful Trade
Practices Act (OUTPA), in connection with the sale in Oregon of certain third-party products containing
BMPEA and picamilon, which has since been amended to add allegations related to products containing
DMAA, oxilofrine, Aegeline, and cynanchum auriculatum. Oregon alleges that our predecessor engaged
in acts declared to be unlawful by the OUTPA, including (1) employing unconscionable tactics in
connection with the sale of goods, (2) causing the likelihood of confusion or misunderstanding as to the
approval or certification of goods, and/or (3) representing that goods have characteristics, uses, benefits or
qualities that they do not have. Our predecessor filed an answer that included counterclaims for attorneys’
fees and declaratory relief against Oregon and vendors USP Laboratories and SK Laboratories. The plan
administrator in the bankruptcy case described in Item 4 of this disclosure document is currently evaluating
and handling all claims of which it has been made aware filed against the former franchisor and its affiliated
debtor companies. We are unaware of the status of this matter, despite repeated efforts to obtain updates
from our predecessor.

         In Re: Franchise No Poaching Provisions (General Nutrition Corporation d/b/a GNC (King County
Superior Court, State of Washington, Case No. 18-2-57774-8 SEA). In September, 2018, the Attorney
General for the State of Washington issued a civil investigative demand to our predecessor relating to
certain provisions in its franchise agreements. Specifically, the Attorney General was concerned with the
non-solicitation provision in our predecessor’s franchise agreement, which provided that franchisee shall
not directly or indirectly employ or seek to employ any person who at the time is employed by franchisor,
an affiliate of franchisor, or any other franchisee, or otherwise directly or indirectly induce such person to
leave his or her employment. The Attorney General asserted that this provision constituted a contract,
combination or conspiracy in restraint of trade in violation of the Washington Consumer Protection Act,
RCW 19.86.030. Our predecessor denied the Attorney General’s assertion because, among other reasons,
it had not routinely enforced this provision in the State of Washington. On December 20, 2018, our
predecessor and the Attorney General entered into an Assurance of Discontinuance. Pursuant to the
Assurance of Discontinuance, our predecessor agreed to remove the non-solicitation provision from its
franchise agreements; to continue not to enforce the non-solicitation provision in any of its existing
franchise agreements; and not to intervene or defend the legality of the non-solicitation provision in any
litigation brought by the Washington Attorney General against a franchisee in the state of Washington. Our
predecessor also agreed to notify its franchisees of the entry of the Assurance of Discontinuance; to amend,
within 120 days after entry of the Assurance of Discontinuance, all existing franchise agreements in the
state of Washington to remove the non-solicitation provision; and, as they come up for either renewal or
renegotiation during the ordinary course of business, to amend all existing franchise agreements nationwide
to remove the non-solicitation provision. Within 30 days of the conclusion of the time periods in the

                                                       20
07/18/2025
