Franchisee is not an individual, by Franchisee’s Principals and their respective spouses, and/or by such
other individuals (and their spouses) that Franchisor may have relied upon in granting the franchise to
Franchisee, in a form prescribed by Franchisor as it deems necessary for adequate security, and (iii) be in
full compliance with the terms of this Agreement and all Related Agreements. The foregoing requirements
shall be collectively referred to herein as the “Pre-Opening Obligations.”

         C.       Failure to Meet Conditions for Store Opening and Grant of Franchise. Franchisee shall not
use Franchisor’s Proprietary Marks or System, except to the extent necessary to fulfill Franchisee’s Pre-
Opening Obligations, and may not under any circumstances commence operation of the Store prior to the
timely completion of the Pre-Opening Obligations to the sole satisfaction of Franchisor. If full performance
of the Pre-Opening Obligations is not completed by Franchisee during the Pre-Opening Period, or if this
Agreement is terminated during the Pre-Opening Period for any reason whatsoever, or if Franchisee has
not opened the Store on or before the last day of the Pre-Opening Period, the right of Franchisee to franchise
and all rights, powers and privileges related thereto and under this Agreement shall terminate and shall be
of no further force and effect, and Franchisee shall have no right to establish or operate a Store within any
proposed territory or at the Approved Location, and Franchisor shall be entitled to establish and to license
others to establish Stores within any proposed territory or at the Approved Location. If Franchisee has not
opened the Store on or prior to the end of the Pre-Opening Period, Franchisor may (but shall not be obligated
to) extend the Pre-Opening Period for such period of time as Franchisor determines, in its sole discretion,
by written notice to Franchisee. No written communication other than such a written extension shall be
deemed a written notice for this purpose.

        6.       FRANCHISE SITE AND TERRITORY.

          A.       Location. If Franchisee has not already done so, Franchisee must receive written approval
from Franchisor for the specific location of Franchisee’s Store. Unless Franchisee is operating under an
Area Development Agreement with Franchisor or is proposing to relocate the Store pursuant to Section
6.E., the parties hereto confirm that Franchisee has received written approval from Franchisor for the
specific Store location prior to the date of this Agreement. The Store location and address, as approved in
writing by Franchisor, are identified in the Selected Term Summary. If this Agreement is being executed
pursuant to an Area Development Agreement with Franchisor and Franchisee has only selected an area in
which to locate its GNC Store, the area will be identified in the Selected Term Summary and Franchisee
must identify a specific Store location during the Pre-Opening Period. Franchisee must receive the written
approval of Franchisor for the specific Store location, and the specific Store location and address, as
approved in writing by Franchisor, shall automatically be incorporated into the Selected Term Summary as
if set forth therein on the Agreement Date. It is Franchisee’s responsibility to select a site for the Franchised
Business. Franchisor’s approval of a site does not constitute recommendation or endorsement of the site,
nor any assurance or guarantee by Franchisor of the suitability of such site for a GNC Store or that a GNC
Store established at such site will be profitable or otherwise successful. Franchisee agrees that the suitability
of a site and the success of any GNC Store depends on many factors outside the control of either
Franchisor or Developer (including, without limitation, such factors as competition, interest rates,
unemployment rates, workforce availability, demographic trends and the general economic climate).

         B.       Site Approval. If this Agreement is being executed pursuant to an Area Development
Agreement, or if Franchisee is proposing to relocate the Store pursuant to Section 6.E. hereof, Franchisor
may require Franchisee to submit specific site data, demographic and other information concerning any
proposed site as may be reasonably required by the Franchisor in a form specified by Franchisor. Franchisee
must receive written approval from Franchisor for the site for Franchisee’s Store. Franchisor’s acceptance
or rejection of a proposed site shall only be indicated in writing by Franchisor. Silence by Franchisor is not
an acceptance. Franchisor is not obligated to approve any site requested by Franchisee, and Franchisor may
refuse to grant Franchisee approval for a site for any reason in its sole discretion.
                                                       5

07/18/2025
