                                                                                                  NEW YORK


         Except as provided above, neither the franchisor, its affiliate, its predecessor, officers, or general
partner during the 10-year period immediately before the date of the franchise disclosure document: (a)
filed as debtor (or had filed against it) a petition to start an action under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code; (b)
obtained a discharge of its debts under the bankruptcy code; or (c) was a principal officer of a company or
a general partner in a partnership that either filed as a debtor (or had filed against it) a petition to start an
action under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or that obtained a discharge of its debts under the U.S. Bankruptcy
Code during or within 1 year after that officer or general partner of the franchisor held this position in the
company or partnership.

4.      The following is added to the end of Item 5:

        The initial franchise fee constitutes part of our general operating funds and will be used as such in
our discretion.

5.      The following is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(c), titled “Requirements
        for franchisee to renew or extend,” and Item 17(m), titled “Conditions for franchisor approval
        of transfer”:

         However, to the extent required by applicable law, all rights you enjoy and any causes of action
arising in your favor from the provisions of Article 33 of the General Business Law of the State of New
York and the regulations issued thereunder shall remain in force; it being the intent of this proviso that the
non-waiver provisions of General Business Law Sections 687.4 and 687.5 be satisfied.

6.      The following language replaces the “Summary” sections of Item 17(d), titled
        “Termination by franchisee” and “Termination by area developer”:

        You may terminate the agreement on any grounds available by law.

7.      The following is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17(j), titled “Assignment of
        contract by franchisor”:

        However, no assignment will be made except to an assignee who in good faith and judgment of the
franchisor, is willing and financially able to assume the franchisor’s obligations under the Franchise
Agreement and Area Development Agreement.

8.    The following is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(v), titled “Choice of
forum”, and Item 17(w), titled “Choice of law”:

        The foregoing choice of law should not be considered a waiver of any right conferred upon the
franchisor or upon the franchisee or area developer by Article 33 of the General Business Law of the State
of New York.

9.      The Franchise Agreement and Area Development Agreement contain provisions requiring a
general release as a condition of relocation, renewal and transfer of a franchise. Such release will exclude
claims arising under Article 33, Sections 680 through 695, of the General Business Law of the State of New
York and regulations issued thereunder.

10.     No representation or acknowledgment by the Franchisee in the Franchise Agreement or the Area
Franchisee in the Area Development Agreement is intended to or shall act as a release, assignment,
novation, waiver or estoppel which would relieve a person from any duty or liability imposed by Article



07/18/2025
