                                        GNC HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES

                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




tax bases. The Company regularly reviews the components of the deferred tax assets. This review is to ascertain that, based upon
all the information available at the time of the preparation of the financial statements, it is more likely than not that the Company
expects to utilize these deferred tax assets in the future. If the Company determines that it is more likely than not that these
deferred tax assets will not be utilized, a valuation allowance is recorded, reducing the deferred tax asset to the amount expected
to be realized. Many factors are considered in the determination that the deferred tax assets are more likely than not to be realized,
including recent cumulative earnings, the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, expectations regarding future taxable
income, length of carryforward periods, and other relevant quantitative and qualitative factors. The recoverability of the deferred
tax assets is determined by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income from all sources, including the reversal of
taxable temporary differences, forecasted operating earnings, and tax planning strategies. The Company classifies interest and
penalties accrued in connection with unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense in its Consolidated Statement of Operations.

         Self-Insurance. The Company is self-insured for certain losses related to workers' compensation and general liability
insurance and maintains stop-loss coverage with third-party insurers to limit its liability exposure. Liabilities associated with
these losses are estimated by considering historical claims experience, estimated lag time to report and pay claims, average cost
per claim and other actuarial factors.

           Foreign Currency. For all active foreign operations, the functional currency is generally the local currency. Assets and
liabilities of foreign operations are translated into the Company's reporting currency, the U.S. dollar, using period-end exchange
rates, while income and expenses are translated using the average exchange rates for the reporting period. Translation gains and
losses are recorded as part of accumulated other comprehensive income on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Company has
intercompany balances with its foreign entities that are routinely settled primarily relating to product sales and management fees.
Gains or losses resulting from these foreign currency transactions, included in the Consolidated Statement of Operations, were
not material for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022.

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements

         In March 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2020-04,
Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting. This update
provides practical expedients for contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions that reference the London Interbank
Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) or another rate affected by reference rate reform if certain criteria are met. In response to the concerns
about the structural risks and integrity of Interbank Offered Rates and, particularly, the risk of cessation of LIBOR, regulators
have undertaken reference rate reform initiatives to identify alternative reference rates that are more observable and less
susceptible to manipulation. The guidance in this ASU may be applied as of any date subsequent to March 12, 2020 and lasts
until December 2024. The Company's Initial Term Loan and Second Lien Term Loan were amended to replace LIBOR as the
reference rate with an adjusted secured overnight financing rate ("SOFR"). The Company adopted ASU 2020-04 in the second
quarter of 2023 on a prospective basis. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company’s financial
statements and related disclosures.




                                                                 18
