       Developer wishes to obtain certain development rights to develop and establish a specific
number of GNC Stores within a designated geographical area, and to operate such GNC Stores as
a franchisee under the GNC System, pursuant to franchise agreements in the Development Area
described in this Agreement;

       The parties, in consideration of the undertakings and commitments of each party to the
other party set forth herein, hereby mutually agree as follows:

      1.      GRANT OF DEVELOPMENT RIGHTS

 During the term of this Agreement, Franchisor hereby grants to Developer, subject to the terms
 and conditions contained herein, the right to establish and operate the number of GNC Stores set
 forth on the development schedule (the “Development Schedule”) in the Selected Term
 Summary. Each GNC Store to be established hereunder shall be located in the area described in
 the Selected Term Summary (the “Development Area”). Within Franchisor’s discretion,
 Franchisor may consider sites proposed by Developer outside of the Development Area.
 Franchisor, in its sole discretion, will determine if any such sites located outside of the
 Development Area shall count toward the Development Schedule. The rights granted herein
 pertain only to the development of GNC Stores. This Agreement is not a franchise agreement and
 does not grant Developer any right or license to operate a GNC Store or to use the GNC System.
 The operation of any GNC Store established pursuant to this Agreement shall be governed by the
 then-current individual GNC Holdings, LLC Franchise Agreement to be entered into between
 Franchisor and Developer in accordance with Section 9 below (each, a “Franchise Agreement”).

      2.      TERRITORIAL PROTECTION AND RESERVATION OF RIGHTS

          2.1. Territorial Protection. Developer may establish the GNC Stores required to be
 developed hereunder at any location within the Development Area provided that Franchisor, in
 its sole discretion, consents in writing to the location, the location is in a state where Franchisor
 is permitted to sell GNC franchises, the location is not located in a territory or location in
 which any other GNC franchisee has exclusive rights or a right of first refusal, the location does
 not violate any other protected or restricted area Franchisor has granted or may in the future grant,
 and the location does not violate a radius restriction in any real estate lease. Subject to
 Franchisor’s Retained Rights and to Franchisor’s rights under Section 11.1, during the Term of
 this Agreement, and so long as Developer is in full compliance with the terms and provisions of
 this Agreement, Franchisor shall not itself operate, nor grant a franchise for the operation of,
 another GNC Store within the Development Area. Nothing herein shall be deemed to restrict the
 ownership and operation of any GNC Stores which are operating within the Development Area
 as of the Effective Date or, if during the Term, Franchisor terminates the franchise of any GNC
 Store developed pursuant to this Agreement by the Developer, then Franchisor shall have the
 right to operate, or to franchise another to operate, a GNC Store at the site where each such
 terminated franchised business had been established and/or operated.

         2.2. Reservation of Rights. Franchisor retains the right, in its sole discretion, without
 any liability or compensation whatsoever to Developer and without granting Developer any rights
 therein, to:

                                                  2
07/18/2025
