calculation of overtime on the payment of commissions requires that commissions must be divided by 40
hours, then multiplied by 1.5 times the number of overtime hours. On July 15, 2015, the Court certified
this case as a class action on behalf of current and former employees in Pennsylvania who were paid using
the FWW method on or after September 18, 2010. On September 6, 2016, the court entered judgment in
favor of the class in the amount of $1.73 million. On December 29, 2016, the Court awarded plaintiffs’
counsel $360,000 in attorney’s fees plus $8,000 in litigation costs. Defendants filed an appeal and
submitted that the FWW is lawful under Pennsylvania law, that its approach to calculating overtime on
commissions is lawful, and that the Court erred in awarding a 1.5x multiplier on the award of attorney’s
fees. On December 22, 2017, the Pennsylvania Superior Court held that the Company correctly determined
the "regular rate" by dividing weekly compensation by all hours worked (rather than 40), but held that the
regular rate must be multiplied by 1.5 (rather than 0.5) to determine the amount of overtime owed.
Defendants filed a petition for appeal to the Pennsylvania Supreme Court on January 22, 2018. The
Pennsylvania Supreme Court accepted GNC’s petition for appeal and subsequently ruled in favor of
plaintiffs. The case was remanded to the lower court for final disposition. The plan administrator in the
bankruptcy case described in Item 4 of this disclosure document is currently evaluating and handling all
claims of which it has been made aware filed against the former franchisor and its affiliated debtor
companies. We are unaware of the status of this matter, despite efforts to obtain updates from our
predecessor.

OUR PRIOR ACTIONS

        Except for the prior actions of our predecessor described below, there are no completed actions that
are required to be disclosed in this disclosure document.

PRIOR ACTIONS OF OUR PREDECESSOR

         Richa Arora, Randy Clinton, and Walter Johnston vs. GNC Holdings, Inc. (U.S. District Court,
Northern District of California, Case No. 3:19-cv-02414). On May 3, 2019, plaintiffs, GNC customers,
filed this putative class action against the former franchisor’s parent company, which alleged that it engaged
in unlawful, deceptive, and misleading labeling and marketing of certain GNC-branded dietary
supplements. Plaintiff claimed that these products contained structure/function claims without proper
disclaimers. Plaintiff alleged that defendant violated the California Unfair Competition law, Cal. Bus. &
Prof. Code sections 17200 et seq., by engaging in unlawful, unfair or fraudulent business practices by
allegedly mislabeling certain of its proprietary brand supplements; that defendant violated the California
False Advertising Law, Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code sections 17500 et seq., by engaging in untrue and misleading
advertising with respect to these supplements; that defendant violated the California Consumers Legal
Remedies Act, Cal. Civ. Code sections 1750 et seq., by engaging in unfair or deceptive acts and practices;
and that defendant violated the New York Consumer Protection from Deceptive Acts and Practices Law,
N.Y. Gen. Bus. Law sections 349 et seq., because defendant’s labeling and marketing of these supplements
constituted deceptive practices and false advertising, as such conduct misled plaintiffs as to the
characteristics and value of the supplements. The complaint also contained a cause of action for unjust
enrichment. Plaintiffs sought declaratory and injunctive relief, statutory damages, unspecified monetary
damages, punitive damages, interest, and attorneys’ fees and costs. After the effective date of the
bankruptcy plan of our predecessor and its affiliated debtor companies (see Item 4), this matter was
resolved. The plaintiffs reached a joint settlement with us and our predecessor, pursuant to which we paid
an immaterial sum to plaintiffs due to concerns regarding their administrative claim in our predecessor’s
bankruptcy.

        Elizabeth Naranjo et al. v. General Nutrition Corporation (Superior Court of California, Alameda
County, Case No. RG-12619626). On February 29, 2012, former Senior Store Manager, Elizabeth Naranjo,
individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated, sued the former franchisor in the Superior Court

                                                     12
07/18/2025
