damages for ONI’s breaches. ONI continues to contest the award. We recently filed an enforcement action
to enforce our award in Court.

         Maxiva S.A. de C.V. (Mexico) v. GNC Holdings, LLC, et al., American Arbitration Association,
AAA Case No. 01-23-0003-4773. On August 4, 2023, claimant, our exclusive franchisee and distributor
in Mexico, filed an arbitration demand alleging breach of existing development, franchise, and distribution
agreements with claimant and tortious interference with claimant’s third-party suppliers. Specifically,
claimant alleges GNC interfered with claimant’s third-party contractual business relationships by
compelling third-party providers to sell their products directly to GNC while GNC unilaterally imposed
price increases on the sale of those same products to claimant. Claimant also alleges that GNC violated
claimant’s right to acquire GNC brand products at the same prices as U.S. franchisees by proposing that it
would offer a Latin American product line, limiting claimant’s purchases to a modified range of products
at higher prices than those offered to U.S. franchisees. Claimant further alleges that GNC failed to
adequately and timely supply products to claimant. Claimant alleges that GNC’s actions have constrained
claimant’s ability to supply and operate its stores and have caused financial harm to claimant. Claimant
alleges causes of action for breach of contract and for tortious interference with existing and prospective
contractual relations, by approaching claimant’s third-party providers and pressuring them to enter into
sales contracts for the same products that had previously been supplied to claimant, and by forcing claimant
to purchase those same third-party products through GNC at higher prices. Claimant is requesting an award
as follows: a declaration that GNC breached its agreements with claimant by improperly interfering with
claimant’s third-party supplier relationships, by announcing its intention to limit claimant’s purchases of
GNC products to the Latin American assortment at presumptively higher prices, and by failing to
adequately supply products to claimant; an order requiring GNC to comply with its agreements with
claimant by ceasing any interference with claimant’s third-party suppliers, by not limiting claimant’s
purchases to products and prices contained in the Latin American assortment and maintaining claimant’s
position of parity with U.S. franchisees, and by honoring its commitments under the agreements with
claimant; and an order requiring GNC to pay claimant unspecified damages and claimant’s costs of
arbitration. On September 5, 2023, GNC filed an answer statement and counterclaims against claimant in
response to the arbitration demand, disputing claimant’s claims and asserting additional defenses. GNC
has also asserted counterclaims in the action, namely that claimant breached its duty to purchase third-party
products directly from GNC, that claimant failed to comply with applicable regulations by offering products
whose formulations did not correspond to original formulations approved by Mexican healthcare
authorities, and that that foregoing actions constituted breaches of the agreements with GNC. GNC is
seeking a declaration that claimant breached the agreements; unspecified actual, incidental, and
consequential damages; and an order requiring claimant to pay GNC’s costs and attorneys’ fees. The parties
are in the discovery phase of the lawsuit and produced document productions in November 2024 and
February 2025.

PENDING ACTIONS OF OUR PREDECESSOR

         This section describes the pending actions of our predecessor. Our predecessor’s bankruptcy plan
(see Item 4 for more information) provides for the discharge of all claims arising prior to the effective date
of the plan, in exchange for the treatment of such claims as set forth in the plan. Pursuant to the plan,
confirmation of the plan (i) discharges all claims or other debts that arose at any time before the effective
date of the plan, and (ii) serves as a broad permanent injunction against all persons who have held, hold, or
may hold claims or other debt or liability against any of the debtors or the debtors’ assets or properties.

        Oosha Yusupov vs. GNC Holdings, Inc. (Supreme Court of New York, County of Queens, Case
No. 701041/2020). On January 21, 2020, plaintiff, a GNC customer, filed a complaint against the former
franchisor’s parent company alleging that the supplement Biotin sold at GNC stores presents the consumer
with materially deceptive health benefit representations, which appear conspicuously on the front of each

                                                     10
07/18/2025
