        $4,000,000; for 11-15 locations, the minimum umbrella limit is $6,000,000; and for more than 15
        locations, the minimum umbrella limit is $8,000,000; or

                        (b) A primary policy in the amount of $1,000,000 per occurrence, $2,000,000
        aggregate, with an excess policy in the amount of $1,000,000, naming Franchisor and its Affiliates
        as additional insureds in each such policy or policies; such policies will also apply to vehicles
        purchased in the name of the business, will include fire/tenant legal liability insurance in an amount
        not less than $250,000 and medical payments of $5,000. All such policies shall provide for waivers
        of subrogation and be written on an Occurrence Form. If Franchisee has multiple locations, the
        following additional umbrella limits will apply (a per location endorsement will be required so that
        the general aggregate limit applies separately to each individual location): for 2-5 locations, the
        minimum umbrella limit is $3,000,000; for 6-10 locations, the minimum umbrella limit is
        $5,000,000; for 11-15 locations, the minimum umbrella limit is $7,000,000; and for more than 15
        locations, the minimum umbrella limit is $9,000,000; and

                  (ii)     Property insurance, written on a special form coverage with primary and excess
limits of not less than the full replacement value of the Store(s), their equipment furniture, signs, inventory,
and fixtures. The maximum deductible on this policy will be $10,000; and

                 (iii)   Business interruption insurance, in an amount equal to the greater of (i) $250,000,
or (ii) Franchisee’s annual Gross Sales for the preceding calendar year. Such policy shall name Franchisor
as an additional insured. The amount of such policy shall be adjusted on an annual basis to reflect the
greater of the two amounts stated above; and

                (iv)     Such other insurance in the types, amounts and other terms and conditions, as may
be required by applicable law or by lease or other relevant contract, including workers’ compensation and
employer’s liability insurance.

        C.      No Limitation of Franchisee Obligations. Franchisee’s obligation to obtain and maintain
the foregoing policy or policies in the amounts specified shall not be limited in any way by reason of any
insurance which may be maintained by Franchisor, nor shall Franchisee’s performance of that obligation
relieve Franchisee of liability (or limit Franchisee’s liability) under any indemnity provisions set forth in
this Agreement.

        D.      Evidence of Insurance. Upon obtaining the insurance required by this Agreement and on
each policy renewal date thereafter, Franchisee shall promptly submit evidence of such insurance and proof
of payment therefor to Franchisor, together with, upon request, copies of all policies and policy
amendments. The evidence of insurance shall include a statement by the insurer that the policies will not
be canceled or materially altered without at least thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to Franchisor.
Franchisor’s acceptance of copies of insurance policies or certificates of insurance does not constitute a
waiver, release or modification of any of the insurance coverages and endorsements required under this
Agreement.

         E.      Failure to Maintain Insurance. Franchisee’s failure to procure or maintain the insurance
required by this Agreement shall be a default under this Agreement. Should Franchisee, for any reason,
fail to procure or maintain the insurance required by this Agreement, in addition to and not in lieu of other
remedies for such default provided herein and available at law or in equity, Franchisor shall have the right
and authority (but not the obligation) immediately to procure such insurance and to charge same to
Franchisee, which charges, together with a fee not to exceed $500 for Franchisor’s reasonable costs and
expenses in so acquiring the policies, shall be payable by Franchisee immediately upon demand.

                                                       9

07/18/2025
