accordingly consents to the granting of equitable relief, including injunction and specific performance, in
Franchisor’s favor, without proof of actual damages or posting a bond or other security, such bond or other
security being hereby waived. Franchisee shall pay on demand all court costs and reasonable attorneys’
fees incurred by Franchisor in obtaining such equitable relief.

        I.       Personal Covenants. As a condition to the effectiveness of this Agreement, and at the time
Franchisee delivers this signed Agreement to Franchisor, Franchisee’s spouse, and if Franchisee is not an
individual, its Principals and their respective spouses (each a “Bound Party”) must sign and deliver to
Franchisor the Personal Covenants attached hereto as Attachment B (the “Personal Covenants”), agreeing
to be bound personally by all of the provisions of this Section 22. If there are any changes in the identity
of any such Bound Parties while this Agreement is in effect, Franchisee must notify Franchisor promptly,
and each new Bound Party must sign and deliver to Franchisor the Personal Covenants.

        J.      Additional Personal Covenants. In addition, at the request of Franchisor, Franchisee shall
cause any officer, director or other person employed by Franchisee who has received training from
Franchisee or Franchisor or who may have access to Confidential Information of Franchisor to execute a
nondisclosure agreement in the form(s) prescribed by Franchisor from time to time.

        23.     INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR AND INDEMNIFICATION.

        A.       Relationship of Parties. It is understood and agreed by the parties hereto that this
Agreement does not create a fiduciary relationship between them; that Franchisee shall be an independent
contractor; that nothing in this Agreement is intended to constitute either party an agent, legal
representative, subsidiary, joint venturer, partner, employee, or servant of the other for any purpose
whatsoever; and that Franchisor will not be construed to be jointly liable for any of Franchisee’s acts or
omissions under any circumstances.

        Any required standards exist to protect Franchisor’s interests in the System and the Proprietary
Marks and not for the purpose of establishing any control or duty to take control over those matters that are
reserved to Franchisee. The required standards generally will be set forth in the Manuals or other written
materials. The Manuals also will include guidelines or recommendations in addition to required standards.
Franchisee may follow the recommendations or guidelines or some other suitable alternative, provided
Franchisee meets and complies with the required standards. In order to protect Franchisor’s interests in the
System and Trademarks, Franchisor reserves the right to determine if Franchisee is meeting a required
standard and whether an alternative is suitable to any recommendations or guidelines. Any training
Franchisor provides to any of Franchisee’s employees will be limited to training or guidance regarding the
delivery of approved goods and services to customers in a manner that reflects the customer service
standards of the System.

        Franchisee is, and will remain, the sole employer of Franchisee’s employees at all times, including
during all training programs, and Franchisee is solely responsible for all employment decisions and actions
related to Franchisee’s employees. Franchisor is not the employer or joint employer of Franchisee’s
employees. Franchisee is solely responsible for managing and operating the Store and supervising the
Store’s employees. Franchisee agrees to identify itself conspicuously in all dealings with customers,
suppliers, public officials, Store personnel, and others as the Store’s owner, operator, and manager under a
franchise granted by Franchisor and, as may be required by Franchsor, to place notices of independent
ownership at the Store premises and on the forms, business cards, stationery, advertising, e-mails, and other
materials Franchisor requires from time to time. Franchisor will not exercise direct or indirect control over
the working conditions of Store personnel, except to the extent such indirect control is related to
Franchisor’s legitimate interest in protecting the quality of Franchisor’s brand. Franchisor does not share
or codetermine the employment terms and conditions of the Store’s employees and does not affect matters
                                                     36

07/18/2025
