of such expiration or termination, or terminate those obligations of the Developer which by their
nature survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement.

13.    RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS

       13.1    Covenants Not to Compete.

                 (i)   Non-Competition during Term. In addition to and not in limitation of any
 other restrictions on Developer contained herein, Developer and Developer’s spouse, and, if
 Developer is not an individual, its owners, shareholders, members, partners and managers, as
 applicable, and their spouses (each, a “Bound Party”), agree that they will not, during the
 term of this Agreement, directly or indirectly, for and on behalf of itself, himself, herself or any
 other person or entity, (a) have any direct or indirect interest as a disclosed or beneficial owner
 in a Competitive Business (as defined below), regardless of location or (b) perform services
 as a director, officer, manager, employee, consultant, representative, agent, or otherwise for a
 Competitive Business, regardless of location.

                 (ii) Post-Term Non-Competition. In addition to and not in limitation of any
 other restrictions on Developer contained herein, Developer and the Bound Parties agree that
 they will not, for one year following the effective date of termination or expiration of this
 Agreement for any reason, or following the date of a Transfer by Developer, directly or indirectly,
 for and on behalf of itself, himself, herself or any other person or entity, (a) have any direct or
 indirect interest as a disclosed or beneficial owner in a Competitive Business or (b) perform
 services as a director, officer, manager, employee, consultant, representative, agent, or otherwise
 for a Competitive Business which, in either case, is located or operating within a five mile radius
 of any GNC Store.

                 (iii) General. For purposes of this Agreement, the term “Competitive
 Business” means any business operating, or granting franchises or licenses to others to operate,
 a store or other business that offers for sale goods or services that are the same as or similar
 to those distributed to or offered at a GNC Store (other than another GNC Store operated by
 Developer under license from Franchisor). Neither Developer nor the other Bound Parties will
 be prohibited from owning securities in a Competitive Business if they are listed on a stock
 exchange or traded on the over-the-counter market and represent 5% or less of the number of
 shares of that class of securities which are issued and outstanding. The parties acknowledge that
 the covenants contained in this Section 13.1 are based on the reason and understanding that
 Developer and the Bound Parties will possess knowledge of Franchisor’s business and operating
 methods and confidential information, disclosure and use of which would prejudice the interest
 of Franchisor and its franchisees. Developer further understands and acknowledges the difficulty
 of ascertaining monetary damages and the irreparable harm that would result from breach of
 these covenants. If any part of this restriction is found to be unreasonable in time or distance,
 such time or distance may be reduced by appropriate order of the court to that deemed
 reasonable. Franchisor shall, as a matter of course, receive injunctive relief to enforce such
 covenants in addition to any other relief to which it may be entitled at law or in equity.
 Franchisor shall receive such injunctive relief without the necessity of posting bond or other
 security, such bond or other security being hereby waived.

                                                 17
07/18/2025
