required to make expenditures for any franchisee in proportion to its contribution to the Fund, nor are we
required to ensure that any franchisee benefits directly or pro rata from expenditures by the Fund. We are
also not required to spend any amount on advertising in your territory or area. We spend the money collected
for the Fund for media, direct marketing, in-store marketing, events and promotions and public relations.
The Fund is also used for other marketing programs like updating packaging and conducting market
research studies. We do not use the Fund to solicit new franchise sales.

        We will generally spend all contributions to the Fund during the fiscal year in which they accrue;
however, if excess amounts remain in the Fund at the end of a fiscal year, we roll those amounts over to the
following fiscal year. We may prepare an unaudited annual or more frequent report of the operations and
expenditures of the Fund as shown on the books of the Fund, and if that report is prepared, we will make it
available to you. You may also obtain, upon request, any such report prepared by us.

        For our fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, the percentage of Fund contributions were spent as
follows:

                            Production*                                       3%
                            Media placement                                  50%
                            Other Marketing                                  38%
                            Merchandising                                     9%
                            Solicit new franchise sales                       0%

                            Total
                                                                    100.00%**

        *Production costs are combined within each category. The “Production” category only includes
the cost for producing TV, radio, print, social, brand videos and other advertising. However, there are
production costs associated with other types of advertising as well (e.g., in-store signage and direct mail),
and these costs would be included within the other line items.

        **Our franchisees currently pay 3% of their gross sales to us (although we reserve the right to
increase or decrease this fee from time to time on thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to franchisees), from
which we deduct our administration costs. We spend the money collected for the Fund for media, direct
marketing, in-store marketing, events and promotions, public relations, and conducting market research
studies. We do not use the Fund to solicit new franchise sales.

        We must approve in writing any advertising or marketing activities that you conduct or which are
conducted on your behalf. You must use only advertising materials prepared by us, or materials which
have been approved by us if we have not prepared them. If you do not receive written approval from us
within 30 days after we receive the materials, those materials are deemed disapproved.

         We have not formed a national advertising council or cooperative to advise us on advertising
policies. If one is formed, we will have the power to select and approve the members and to form, change
or dissolve the advertising council or cooperative.

TECHNOLOGY

        You agree to purchase from us or designated third party vendors such technological devices and
systems that we deem necessary from time to time to effectively conduct the operation of Stores under the
System. You agree to continually update and use the technology, platforms, devices and systems that we
prescribe from time to time in our sole discretion.

                                                      58
07/18/2025
