                                                                                              MINNESOTA



                               STATE OF MINNESOTA
                    ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT

        The following applies to prospective franchisees governed by Minnesota law and supplement the
Items to which they refer and supersede anything inconsistent with them in the text of this disclosure
document.

         A.       Item 13. Per Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.12, Subdivision 1(g), Minnesota considers
it unfair for us not to protect your right to use the trademarks listed in Item 13. We will protect your rights
to use those trademarks, and any other trademarks, service marks, trade names, logo types or other
commercial symbols we may license you to use, or indemnify you from any loss, cost or expenses arising
out of any claim, suit or demand regarding the use of those marks.

        B.       Item 17. With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota law, we will comply with
Minnesota Statutes Section 80C.14, Subdivisions 3, 4 and 5, which require (except in certain specified
cases) (1) that a franchisee be given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) and 180 days’
notice for non-renewal of the franchise agreement and (2) that consent to the transfer of the franchise will
not be unreasonably withheld.

        C.       State Cover Page and Item 17. Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.21 and Minnesota Rule
2860.4400J prohibit us from requiring litigation or arbitration to be conducted outside Minnesota, requiring
waiver of a jury trial, or requiring you to consent to liquidated damages, termination penalties or judgment
notes. In addition, nothing in the disclosure document or any agreement can abrogate or reduce (1) any of
your rights as provided for in Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C, or (2) your rights to any procedure, forum
or remedies provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction.

        Minnesota Rule 2860.4400D prohibits us from requiring you to assent to a release, assignment,
novation or waiver that would relieve any person from liability under Minnesota Statutes 80C.01 through
80C.22. The Franchise Agreement and the Development Agreement contain provisions requiring a general
release as a condition of relocation, renewal or transfer of a franchise. Such release will exclude claims
arising under Minnesota Statutes 80C.01 through 80C.22.               In addition, no representation or
acknowledgment by you in the Franchise Agreement or the Development Agreement is intended to or shall
act as a release, assignment, novation or waiver that would relieve any person from liability under
Minnesota Statutes 80C.01 through 80C.22.

       You cannot consent to us obtaining injunctive relief. We may seek injunctive relief. See Minnesota
Rule 2860.4400J. Also, a court will determine if a bond is required.

       Any limitations of claims sections must comply with Minnesota Statutes, Section 80.17,
Subdivision 5.

       Registration of this franchise does not constitute approval or recommendation of the
franchise by the Minnesota Commissioner of Commerce.

        No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under
any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.




07/18/2025
