                                        GNC HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES

                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

         In connection with the issuance of the 1L Term Loan, the Company capitalized debt issuance costs of $28.8 million
which are being amortized using the effective interest method over the term of the loan. The debt issuance costs include a
guarantee fee of $8.0 million in consideration for the guarantee rendered by the Parent, together with Jacks Management and ZT,
as guarantors ("Guarantee Fee"). The Guarantee Fee is adjusted on a pro rata basis based on prepayments of the outstanding debt,
and is payable to ZT at the election of GNC over the term of the loan. The Guarantee Fee is classified in accounts payable due to
related parties on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2024 and accounts payable due to related parties and long-
term payable due to related parties on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2023. Additionally, upon executing the
aforementioned amended and restated 1L Term Loan, the Company capitalized debt issuance costs of $1.7 million which are
being amortized using the effective interest method over the remaining term of the loan.

        The total interest rate on the 1L Term Loan for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 was 9.43%, 9.28%,
and 5.21%, respectively. As of December 31, 2024, the Company selected a three month interest period.

         In addition to interest payable to Bank of China, under United States domestic tax laws, corporations (“withholding
agents”) making US-source fixed, determinable, annual, or periodical (FDAP) payments to foreign agents generally must report
and withhold 30% of the gross US-source FDAP payments, including dividends, interest, and royalties. Withholding agents are
permitted to withhold at a lower rate if the beneficial owner properly certifies their eligibility for a lower rate either based on
operation of the US tax code or based on a tax treaty. Under Article 10 of the United States tax treaty with The People’s Republic
of China enacted on January 1, 1987, interest arising in a Contracting State and paid to a resident of the other Contracting State
may be taxed in that other Contracting State; however, such interest may also be taxed in the contracting State in which it arises
and according to the laws of that Contracting State, but if the recipient is the beneficial owner of the interest, the tax so charged
shall not exceed 10% of the gross amount of the interest. As discussed in Note 1. "Nature of Business," during the year ended
December 31, 2024, the Company identified an error in which it had not been recording interest expense and a related payable
for the 10% withholding tax on 1L Term Loan interest payments since inception of the loan. As such, the Company concluded to
revise prior period consolidated financial statements as presented herein. For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and
2022, the Company recognized withholding tax expense of $1.9 million, $2.6 million, and $1.8 million, respectively, related to
interest payments made on the 1L Term Loan, recorded within Interest expense, net, on the Consolidated Statements of
Operations. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded accounts payable of $8.2 million and $6.3 million,
respectively, related to withholding tax due on the 1L Term Loan.

          The 1L Term Loan includes financial covenants relating to (i) a maximum Leverage Ratio, (ii) a minimum Debt Service
Cover Ratio, (iii) a Guarantee EBITDA Coverage Ratio and (iv) a Guarantee Asset Coverage Ratio. Pursuant to the amended and
restated 1L Term Loan, the Leverage Ratio shall be tested semi-annually and shall not exceed 3.5:1 for the quarter ended
December 31, 2024 and 3.0:1 for all quarters thereafter, and the Debt Service Cover Ratio shall not be less than 1.25:1.
Additionally under this agreement, the Guarantee EBITDA Coverage Ratio stipulates that the aggregate of earnings before
interest, tax, depreciation, and amortization of each Guarantor (GNC and Parent) individually cannot be less than 90 percent of
adjusted EBITDA of the consolidated Group (GNC, Parent, and each of their subsidiaries, collectively). The Guarantee Asset
Coverage Ratio stipulates that the aggregate total assets of each Guarantor individually cannot be less than 90 percent of the
consolidated total assets of the Group. If we fail to satisfy either Guarantee Coverage Ratio, we are required to procure additional
Group Members to the extent that the ratio is restored within 90 days. Pursuant to the terms of the August 2024 amended and
restated 1L Term Loan, the Company was not required to report on its compliance with financial covenants as of December 31,
2024. In May 2025, the Company and Bank of China reached an agreement whereby the Company was not required to report on
its compliance with financial covenants as of December 31, 2024 and June 30, 2025, the remaining two test dates under the
amended and restated 1L Term Loan.




Second Lien Term Loan Credit Agreement

                                                                 29
