                                                                                      MARYLAND


                           STATE OF MARYLAND
                ADDENDUM TO AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT


      In recognition of the requirements of the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure
Law, Md. Code Bus. Reg. §§ 14-201 through 14-233, the parties to the attached GNC HOLDINGS,
LLC AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) agree as follows:

1.     The general release language required as a condition of assignment or transfer shall apply
       except for claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.
       A copy of the form of general release required by Section 11.3(iii) is attached hereto as
       Schedule A.

2.     Although under certain circumstances the Agreement requires Developer to submit to a
       court proceeding or arbitration in the state where Franchisor’s principal place of business
       is located, Franchisor agrees that litigation claims brought under the Maryland Franchise
       Registration and Disclosure Law may be brought in any court of competent jurisdiction in
       the State of Maryland.

3.     Any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law may be
       brought within three (3) years after the grant of the franchise.

4.     No representation or acknowledgment by the Franchisee in the Agreement is intended to
       or shall act as a release, assignment, novation, waiver or estoppel to relieve any person of
       any liability incurred under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.

5.     The Agreement provides that disputes are resolved through arbitration. A Maryland
       franchise regulation states that it is an unfair or deceptive practice to require a franchisee
       to waive its right to file a lawsuit in Maryland claiming a violation of the Maryland
       Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. In light of the Federal Arbitration Act, there
       is some dispute as to whether this forum selection requirement is legally enforceable.

6.     Franchisor agrees to defer payment of the Development Fee (and other initial payments
       that would be considered franchise fees under the Maryland Franchise Registration and
       Disclosure Law) by Developer to Franchisor or its Affiliates until Franchisor has met all
       of its pre-opening obligations with respect to Developer’s first Store and Developer has
       opened its first Store. At such time that Franchisor has met all of its pre-opening
       obligations with respect to Developer’s first Store and Developer has opened its first Store,
       all deferred fees and payments shall be immediately due and payable by Developer to
       Franchisor. The Maryland Attorney General’s Office imposed this deferral requirement.

7.     Section 30 of the Agreement, titled “Acknowledgments,” is hereby deleted in its entirety.

8.     No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
       connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of
       (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the



07/18/2025
