approximately 8,000 non-exempt hourly employees who worked as Sales Associates and/or Assistant
Managers in California from July 2007 to November 2014. Plaintiffs were seeking general damages,
special damages, restitution, premium pay penalties pursuant to California Labor Code Section 226,
interest, and attorneys’ fees and costs. The five named plaintiffs also asserted individual “off-the-clock”
claims (although the off-the-clock claim was initially conditionally certified as a collective action, the court
subsequently decertified the collective action). Defendant denied the material allegations in the action and
was prepared to defend against the claims asserted. During jury selection on February 5, 2016, the parties
reached a settlement agreement, and defendant agreed to pay a total of $9.02 million to plaintiffs. The
agreement received Court approval, and the action was dismissed with prejudice.

GOVERNMENTAL ACTIONS OF OUR PREDECESSOR

         Consent Decree with the Federal Trade Commission. Our predecessor entered into a Consent
Decree with the Federal Trade Commission in 1994, United States of America v. General Nutrition, Inc.
(United States District Court, Western District of Pennsylvania, Civ. Act. No. 94 0686). Pursuant to the
Consent Decree, our predecessor was enjoined from representing that the use of certain hair care products,
including Biotin Hair Care Kit, Biotin Shampoo, Biotin Conditioner, Biotin Vitamins and Minerals for the
Hair, and Polysorbate 80, will prevent or retard hair loss. Our predecessor was also prohibited from
representing that any other product or service will cure, relieve, reverse or reduce hair loss, or that use of
the product or service will promote hair growth where hair has already been lost, unless the representation
is true, and unless, at the time of making the representation, it possesses and relies upon competent and
reliable scientific evidence that substantiates the representation. Our predecessor was also prohibited from
selling or distributing any product that is represented as promoting hair growth or preventing hair loss,
unless the product is the subject of an approved new drug application for such purpose under the Federal
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, 21 U.S.C. 301 et seq. Our predecessor also agreed to pay a civil penalty of
$2.4 million.

         Agreement with United States Attorney’s Office for the Northern District of Texas and U.S.
Department of Justice. On December 7, 2016, GNC Holdings, Inc., our predecessor’s parent company,
entered into an agreement with the United States Attorney’s Office for the Northern District of Texas and
U.S. Department of Justice (“Government”) in connection with the Government’s criminal investigation of
USPlabs, LLC for alleged violation of laws relating to sales of certain dietary supplements manufactured
by USPlabs, including OxyElite Pro, Jack3d and VERSA-1. These products were formerly sold in GNC
retail stores. During its investigation, the Government uncovered sufficient evidence to conclude that
USPlabs provided false information, false assurances and fake documentation to third parties, including our
predecessor, about the ingredients used in its products. The Government concluded that our predecessor
was unaware of this information because it did not manufacture those products, did not perform an
independent evaluation of the ingredients in those products, and had no knowledge of USPlabs’ conclusions
regarding ingredients in those products. Pursuant to the agreement, the Government agreed to close any
active inquiries affecting our predecessor relating to the USPlabs products based in part on our
predecessor’s acceptance of responsibility for its conduct, its cooperation, its commitment to voluntary
compliance measures and organizational changes with respect to its sale of dietary supplements, and its
payment of a money sum. Our predecessor agreed to undertake certain voluntary compliance measures
intended to prevent illegal ingredients from entering the market, including taking immediate action to
suspend sales of products known to contain ingredients that the FDA had indicated may not be legal under
federal law and/or may not be safe. Our predecessor also agreed to maintain and continuously update,
during the term of the agreement, a list of ingredients that would be prohibited from inclusion in any
products sold by a GNC retail store and a list of positive ingredients that it believed complied with
applicable provisions of the federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. Our predecessor agreed that if an
ingredient was on the prohibited list, it would not approve any product containing that ingredient for sale,
and that it would only sell dietary supplements containing dietary ingredients on the positive list. Our

                                                      19
07/18/2025
