6. You must obtain insurance coverage as specified in Item 8. If you do not obtain the required levels of
insurance, we may, at our election, procure such insurance and bill your account for the insurance, together
with a fee not to exceed $500 for our reasonable costs and expenses in acquiring the policy or policies.

7. You must sign the P.O.S. License Agreement which is located in Exhibit J of this disclosure document
to receive the POS system. You will be charged Store technology maintenance fees to cover the costs of
supporting the system. Maintenance fees cover the actual costs of the system. Each year, costs relating to
store technology maintenance are subject to re-evaluation in order to determine your monthly POS
maintenance fees. We reserve the right to change any or all of these fees and to introduce new fees for
additional required services and/or equipment on an annual or more frequent basis.

8. We may (but are not obligated to) provide financial services to you through GNFS. Financial services
may include, at our discretion, the following: data processing, accounting, and other operational services,
including financial statements, monthly bank reconciliations, monthly cash flow statements, and monthly
financial statement variance analysis; an annual physical inventory; and payroll and HR services provided
by an outside vendor. If we choose to provide these services, and you opt to or are required to use them,
you will pay us the monthly fee(s) for financial services shown in the following table:

         One Store              2-5 Stores            6-9 Stores          10-14 Stores       15+ Stores


             $345             $320 per Store        $295 per Store       $245 per Store    $220 per Store


You will pay us the fee shown under “One Store,” plus the applicable fee in the other columns for each
subsequent Store that you franchise, on a monthly basis. The above amounts include charges for annual
physical inventories conducted by our Loss Prevention Department. In addition, if you choose to use our
payroll services (provided by a third party), you will also pay a monthly pass-through charge for these
services. The fees for these services through GNFS are non-refundable. We reserve the right to change
any or all of these fees on an annual or more frequent basis. We also reserve the right, in special
circumstances on a case-by-case basis, to reduce these fees for one or more particular franchisees for a
period of time. If we are providing the financial services, we reserve the right to discontinue any or all of
them at any time for any reason. We additionally reserve the right to charge a monthly service charge up
to 10% of the monthly service fee for the month(s) that required financial information is not provided to
GNFS by the 25th of the month. We further reserve the right to establish minimum enrollment periods;
currently, the opt-out period is December 15th through January 15th for the upcoming year. Currently, we
are offering a new opt-in incentive program for new franchisees and for existing franchisees that are
currently not using our GNFS financial services. This opt-in program would allow a franchisee to receive
an additional 3 months at no charge if the franchisee signs up for GNFS financial services for a 12-month
term (the franchisee would receive a total of 15 months of our GNFS financial services). If you choose to
opt in and take advantage of the 3 months of GNFS financial services at no charge, you will be billed for
the 12-month period, regardless of whether you continue to be enrolled in GNFS financial services. We
may modify or discontinue this GNFS incentive program at any time at our discretion.

9. We will generally charge you a $12,500 renewal fee if you enter into a renewal Franchise Agreement.
If you are leasing your location, and the remaining term of the lease is shorter than the 5-year term of your
renewal Franchise Agreement, then we may, in our sole discretion, adjust the term of your Franchise
Agreement to match the term of your lease. In such case, we may, in our sole discretion, charge a renewal
fee that is less than the fee that would otherwise be charged.



                                                     32
07/18/2025
