                                                                                        INDIANA


                            STATE OF INDIANA
                ADDENDUM TO AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT


       In recognition of the requirements of the Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Law,
Indiana Code §§ 23-2-2.7-1 through 23-2-2.7-10, and the Indiana Franchise Disclosure Law,
Indiana Code §§ 23-2-2-2.5-1 through 23-2-2-2.5-51, the parties to the attached GNC
HOLDINGS, LLC AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) agree as follows:

1.     If any of the provisions of the Agreement concerning termination, governing law, venue
       for litigation or arbitration, modification, covenants not to compete or any limitations
       period on the time in which claims may be brought are inconsistent with either the Indiana
       Deceptive Franchise Practices Law or the Indiana Franchise Disclosure Law, then such
       laws will apply to the extent inconsistent with the terms of the Agreement.

2.     Section 11.3(iii) of the Agreement contains a provision requiring a general release as a
       condition to transfer of the Agreement. Such provision will not apply to the extent
       inconsistent with the Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Law, IC § 23-2-2.7-1(5).

3.     No representation or acknowledgment by the Developer in the Agreement is intended to or
       shall act as a release, assignment, novation, waiver or estoppel to deprive the Developer of
       the rights and protections provided in the Indiana Franchise Disclosure Law or to relieve
       any person of any liability under the Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Law.

4.     No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed by Developer in connection with
       the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
       claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii)
       disclaiming reliance on any statement by Franchisor, any franchise seller, or other person
       acting on behalf of Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document
       executed in connection with the franchise.

5.     Each of the provisions of this Addendum will be effective only to the extent, with respect
       to such provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the Indiana Franchise Disclosure
       Law and the Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Act are met independently without
       reference to this Addendum.

6.     Except as otherwise provided in this Addendum, all the other terms, covenants and
       agreements in the Agreement shall remain the same, and the Agreement, as amended, shall
       continue in full force and effect. To the extent this Addendum is inconsistent with any
       terms or conditions of the Agreement or the exhibits thereto, the terms of this Addendum
       shall govern.

                                    [Signature Page Follows]




07/18/2025
