and opened during the term of the Development Agreement. The Development Fee is payable in a lump
sum upon execution of the Development Agreement and is fully earned when the Development Agreement
is signed. We have no intention, now or in the future, of reducing the Development Fee for any franchisee,
although we reserve the right to do so in our sole discretion on a case-by-case basis. The initial franchise
fee for each GNC Store that you develop and open under the Development Agreement will be paid by you
in addition to the Development Fee; provided, that the fees paid pursuant to (ii) and (iii) above will be
credited toward the initial franchise fees due for the Stores as long as you develop and open the Stores in
accordance with the terms of the Development Agreement (the credit will be in an amount equal to 100%
of the initial franchise fee due for the first Store, and 50% of the initial franchise fee due for each remaining
Store). The remainder of the initial franchise fee due for each GNC Store shall be immediately due and
payable upon execution of the Franchise Agreement for that GNC Store. In no event will the sum of all
credits received by you exceed the total portion of the Development Fee in (ii) and (iii) above. If a Store is
not established in accordance with the Development Agreement and your Development Schedule, the
portion of the Development Fee that would have otherwise been credited towards payment of the initial
franchise fee for that Store will be forfeited and retained by us. If, for any reason, the Development
Agreement terminates before any portion of the Development Fee has been applied to the initial franchise
fees, we will retain the unapplied portion of the Development Fee to compensate us for our time, effort and
foregone opportunities. We reserve the right to reduce the Development Fee for our existing franchisees
and employees in accord with the table above.

OTHER INITIAL FEES

         If you are a new or existing franchisee, we may require you to pay us a franchise security deposit
in the amount of $2,500, which will be held by us until the expiration or termination of the Franchise
Agreement, in which event we will apply it against any outstanding payment obligations under the
Franchise Agreement or any related agreement, and return any remaining balance to you within 60 days
following expiration or termination. We are not required to pay you interest on the security deposit. If you
enter into a renewal Franchise Agreement, and you have previously paid this security deposit, we will roll
over the deposit to your renewal Franchise Agreement.

        You will be responsible for the construction costs for your Store, which will vary depending on,
among other factors, the size of the Store and the condition of the space. We have provided estimated
equipment, signage, fixtures, and other construction costs that you must pay to us in Item 7 of this disclosure
document. We estimate equipment costs that you must pay to us to be $3,500 to $7,000 for both New
Franchise and Conversion Stores. We estimate signage costs that you must pay to us to be $8,500 to
$20,000 for a New Franchise Store and $0 to $20,000 for a Conversion Store. We estimate fixture costs
that you must pay to us to be $7,500 to $38,000 for a New Franchise Store and $0 to $38,000 for a
Conversion Store. We estimate construction and other Store costs that you must pay to us to be $35,000 to
$250,000 for a New Franchise Store and $35,000 to $186,000 for a Conversion Store.

         You must pay to us a Project Management Fee for procurement and construction management,
which is $5,000 for a New Franchise Store and between $0 and $5,000 for a Conversion Store. We may
require you to pay an additional fee if we allow you to include a Smoothie Bar, which will vary depending
on the scope of work and the level of engagement by our construction team. For a New Franchise Store, if
you engage our architectural and engineering consultants, we estimate that you will pay to us $5,000 to
$7,500 for those consultant costs. In addition, you must acquire inventory from us for your Store, which
costs $80,000 to $85,000 for a New Franchise Store and $31,000 to $113,000 for a Conversion Store. You
will generally lease the Store premises directly from the landlord, but if you sublease your Store premises
from us, we estimate that you must pay us between $1,500 and $3,000 in utility security deposits for third
party utility services, and between $1,219 and $19,042 for first month’s rent/leasehold expenses. See Item
7 for more information regarding these fees and expenses.

                                                       25
07/18/2025
