14.     ASSIGNMENT.

Licensee may not sublicense, assign or transfer this Agreement or the Program. Any attempt to sublicense,
assign or transfer any of the rights, duties or obligations hereunder is void.

15.     PROPRIETARY NOTICES.

Licensee shall not remove, alter or obscure any patent, copyright or trademark notice or other proprietary
legends displayed or used by Licensor in connection with or related to the Program.

16.     APPLICABLE LAW, SEVERABILITY AND MODIFICATION.

This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, excluding the
conflicts of law principles thereof. Any invalidity, in whole or in part, of any provision of this Agreement
shall not affect the validity of any other of its provisions. No provision of this Agreement shall be
considered modified by either party unless the modification is made in writing and signed by both parties.

17.     FORUM SELECTION.

Licensee and Licensor agree that any action brought by Licensee against Licensor in any court, whether
federal or state, shall be brought only within the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in the judicial district in
which Licensor has its principal place of business, provided further that, if there is subject matter
jurisdiction, such action shall only be brought in the federal district courts of the Western District of
Pennsylvania; and the parties waive all questions of personal jurisdiction or venue for purposes of carrying
out this provision.

18.     WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.

Licensee and Licensor agree that in any litigation, suit, action, counterclaim or proceeding, whether
at law or in equity, which arises from, concerns or is related to this Agreement, trial shall be held in
a court of competent jurisdiction but not to a jury. Licensee and Licensor hereby irrevocably waive
any right either party may have to a trial by jury.

19.     WAIVER OF CONDITIONS.

The waiver, modification, or failure to insist by Licensor on any conditions shall not void, waive, or modify
any of the other terms or conditions nor be construed as a waiver or relinquishment of Licensor’s right to
performance             of              any             such            term             or             terms.




                                                                                    Licensee Initials ______


07/18/2025
