7.     Forum Selection. Buyer agrees that any action brought by Buyer against Seller in any court,
       whether federal or state, shall be brought only within the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in the
       judicial district in which Seller has its principal place of business, provided further that, if there is
       subject matter jurisdiction, such action shall only be brought in the federal district courts of the
       Western District of Pennsylvania; and the parties waive all questions of personal jurisdiction or
       venue for the purpose of carrying out this provision. Buyer also agrees that the Seller may, in its
       sole discretion, bring any action against the Buyer in any court, whether federal or state, within
       either a) the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania; or b) in any jurisdiction in which the Buyer resides
       or owns property. If the Seller brings an action against Buyer in any state or federal court located
       within the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in the judicial district in which Seller has its principal
       place of business, Buyer accepts generally and unconditionally the jurisdiction and venue of the
       aforesaid courts and waives any defense of forum non conveniens.

8.     Confession of Judgment. Power to confess judgment: If Buyer defaults in the payment of
       any amounts due hereunder, Buyer hereby irrevocably authorizes and empowers the
       Prothonotary or any attorney of any court of record within the United States or elsewhere to
       appear for the Buyer, and, with or without complaint filed, confess judgment against Buyer
       in favor of Seller, for amounts due hereunder, together with unpaid interest and late charges
       thereon, costs of suit, and a reasonable attorney’s fee for collection, with release of all errors,
       waiving the right of inquisition on any Products levied on, voluntarily condemning the same,
       and authorizing the Prothonotary or clerk to enter upon the Writ of Execution said voluntary
       condemnation and agreeing that said Products may be sold on a Writ of Execution, and
       waiving all laws relating to the exemption of real or personal property from execution, to the
       extent that such laws may lawfully be waived by the undersigned, without stay of execution,
       appraisement, or right of appeal. In any action of any amount due, Seller shall cause to be
       filed in such action an affidavit made by Seller or someone acting for Seller setting forth the
       facts necessary to authorize the entry of judgment, of which facts such affidavit shall be
       conclusive evidence. If a copy of this Agreement, verified by affidavit by or on behalf of Seller
       shall have been filed in any such action, it shall not be necessary to file the original Agreement
       as a warrant of attorney or otherwise. No single exercise of the foregoing power to confess
       judgment shall be deemed to exhaust the power, whether or not any such exercise shall be
       held by any court to be valid, voidable, or void, but the power shall continue undiminished
       and it may be exercised from time to time as often as Seller shall elect, until such time as
       Seller shall have received payment in full of the debt, interest, and costs.

9.     Waiver of Jury Trial. Seller and Buyer agree that in any litigation, suit, action, counterclaim,
       or proceeding, whether at law or in equity, which arises out of, concerns, or relates to this
       Agreement, any and all transactions contemplated hereunder, the performance of this
       Agreement, or otherwise, trial shall be to a court of competent jurisdiction and not to a jury.
       Seller and Buyer hereby irrevocably waive any right either party may have to a trial by jury.
       Either Seller or Buyer may file an original counterpart or a copy of this Agreement with any
       court as written evidence of the consent of Seller or Buyer to the waiver of their right to trial
       by jury.

10.    Partial Invalidity. If any terms, covenants, or conditions of this Agreement shall be invalid or
       unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement shall nevertheless survive and be binding upon the
       parties hereto.

11.    Notice. Any and all notices required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and
       shall be sent by (i) personal delivery, (ii) U.S. certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, return


07/18/2025
