               (xii)   If Developer is dissolved either voluntarily or involuntarily;

               (xiii) Developer has received at least three default notices from Franchisor within
a 12-month period, even if such default is subject to a right to cure or is cured after notice is
delivered to Developer;

                (xiv) Developer or any guarantor of its obligations under this Agreement
becomes a Specially Designated National or Blocked Person or fails to comply with Section 29 of
this Agreement, including a breach of the representations set forth in Section 29 or Franchisor
discovers through notice from Developer or through its own investigation that representations set
forth in Section 29 are or have become false.

               (xv) Except for the defaults set forth in Section 12.2 and Sections 12.3(i) – (xiv)
above, if Developer fails to comply with any other terms or conditions of this Agreement, and fails
to cure such default or breach (if capable of cure) within fifteen (15) days after receipt of notice of
such default or breach.

        12.4 Remedies. Upon Developer's Default under this Agreement, Franchisor, in its sole
discretion, may do any one or more of the following (subject to Developer’s right to cure certain
Defaults within the prescribed time periods as described in Section 12.3 above):

              (i)    Terminate this Agreement and all rights granted hereunder effective
immediately upon receipt by Developer of written notice;

               (ii)   Reduce the number of GNC Stores which Developer is herein granted the
right to develop without refunding any portion of any Development Fee;

               (iii)   Reduce the size of the Development Area granted to Developer in Section
1 hereof; or

               (iv)    Accelerate the Development Schedule.

        12.5 Termination of Rights. Upon termination of this Agreement, Developer shall have
no right to establish or operate a GNC Store for which a Franchise Agreement has not been
executed by Franchisor and delivered to Developer at the time of termination. Franchisor shall be
entitled to establish, and to license others to establish, GNC Stores in the Development Area except
as may be otherwise provided for under any Franchise Agreement which has been executed
between Franchisor and Developer.

        12.6 Cross Default. Any default under any Franchise Agreement entered into pursuant
to this Agreement, or any default under any Related Agreement, shall constitute a Default under
Section 12.3 of this Agreement.

       12.7 Cross Termination. In the event of the termination of this Agreement by Franchisor
under this Section 12, Franchisor shall be entitled, at its option, to terminate any or all Related
Agreements immediately upon written notice. This means that Franchisor may, at its option,
immediately terminate, upon notice and without opportunity to cure, any or all other agreements

                                                  15
07/18/2025
