         Currently, you must purchase a POS system and peripherals and iPad and peripherals from us. The
POS system will keep track of sales, transmit that information to us and gather and summarize data which
will allow sales and cost data to be tabulated and reported to us. We will have independent and unlimited
access to this information and data (See Item 8). There are no contractual limitations on our right to access
this information. The POS system includes intelligent terminals (or other equipment as we may designate),
cash drawers, cabling, scanner, pin pad, and power conditioners.

        The cost of purchasing the system will be at market pricing, and the current cost for this system is
approximately $3,500 to $7,000 depending upon your register lane count. These costs do not include taxes
or shipping charges. When discounted pricing can be obtained, we will pass the savings on to you.

         Because technology is constantly evolving, we will require you to make a continuing investment
in Store technology (including hardware) throughout the term of your franchise. You are obligated to
properly maintain and upgrade/update the technology within the Store and will be required to replace or
update it as determined by us, which we estimate to be every 3-5 years via a hardware refresh schedule that
will be communicated to you; however, upgrading/updating may be required more frequently as we deem
necessary. The Franchise Agreement does not limit the frequency or cost of this obligation. We do not
have any contractual obligation to provide ongoing maintenance, repairs, upgrades, or updates for your
Store technology system. If we send you updates, you must install them within 30 days after receipt. You
will be charged maintenance fees to cover the costs of supporting the system. Maintenance fees cover the
actual costs for maintenance of the system. We derive no profit from maintenance fees. Your cost for
maintaining the POS system is approximately $75 per month for the first register and $25 per month for an
additional register. Maintenance fees for POS communications are currently $233 per month. Maintenance
fees for our POS secure payment system/terminal are currently $16 per month. Your cost for in-Store Wi-
Fi (only for GNC IT equipment) is currently $18 per month. Your cost for a cellular plan (if you purchase
an iPad to use to ring sales at approved events outside your Store) is currently $16 per month. Each year,
costs relating to your Store technology are subject to re-evaluation in order to determine your monthly
technology maintenance fees. We reserve the right to change any or all of these fees on an annual or more
frequent basis.

         You must sign the P.O.S. License Agreement for the POS system in Exhibit J. The POS system is
proprietary, and you may not copy, modify or transfer the program in whole or in part. Furthermore,
because of its proprietary nature, upon termination or expiration of your Franchise Agreement, you must
return the Store technology equipment and software to us, and we will credit your account for its depreciated
value. (See also Items 6, 7, 8 and 9 for additional information regarding POS.)

         We require you to provide a PC and printer from a third-party vendor (we currently do not support
Apple-based products). The computer should meet current standards for performance, have high speed
Internet connectivity, and be Windows-based. The computer must have an operating system of Windows
10 or higher and be capable of handling the Internet.

         We also require you to participate in our Franchise Portal. The Franchise Portal gives you free
access to a secure web site that allows you to access our confidential Manuals, receive company news and
special notifications; communicate to company managers electronically; pose questions to us or our
affiliates; search on-line libraries for information on products, pricing, marketing and operations; customize
and print our newest local marketing materials; participate in on-line business building sessions with us,
other franchisees, and outside vendors; send messages and information to the Franchise Support Center;
train your employees; and other functions which we may develop from time to time. We do not currently
charge a fee for the Franchise Portal, but you must have access to the Internet to participate in the Franchise
Portal. We reserve the right to charge a fee for the Franchise Portal at any time in the future upon notice to
you. We reserve the right to offer special incentives to the Franchise Portal participants from time to time.

                                                      59
07/18/2025
