                                                                                      NORTH DAKOTA


                              STATE OF NORTH DAKOTA
                    ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT


        The Securities Commissioner for the State of North Dakota has held the following to be unfair,
unjust or inequitable to North Dakota franchisees (Section 51-19-09, N.D.C.C.):

        A.      Restrictive Covenants: Franchise Disclosure Documents which disclose the existence of
                covenants restricting competition contrary to Section 9-08-06, N.D.C.C., without further
                disclosing that such covenants will be subject to this statute.

        B.      Situs of Arbitration Proceedings: Franchise agreements providing that the parties must
                agree to the arbitration of the disputes at a location that is remote from the site of the
                franchisees’ business.

        C.      Restrictions on Forum: Requiring North Dakota franchisees to consent to the jurisdiction
                of courts outside of North Dakota.

        D.      Liquidated Damages and Termination Penalties: Requiring North Dakota Franchisees to
                consent to liquidated damages or termination penalties.

        E.      Applicable Laws: Franchise agreements which specify that they are to be governed by the
                laws of a state other than North Dakota.

        F.      Waiver of Trial by Jury: Requiring North Dakota franchisees to consent to the waiver of
                a trial by jury.

        G.      Waiver of Exemplary & Punitive Damages:         Requiring North Dakota franchisees to
                consent to a waiver of exemplary and punitive damages.

        H.      General Release: Franchise Agreements that require the franchisee to sign a general release
                upon renewal of the franchise agreement.

        I.      Limitation of Claims: Franchise Agreements that require the franchisee to consent to a
                limitation of claims. The statute of limitations under North Dakota law applies.

        J.      Enforcement of Agreement: Franchise Agreements that require the franchisee to pay all
                costs and expenses incurred by the franchisor in enforcing the agreement. The prevailing
                party in any enforcement action is entitled to recover all costs and expenses including
                attorney’s fees.

       Covenants restricting competition in the Franchise Agreement and the Development Agreement
may be subject to Section 9-08-06 of the North Dakota Century Code.

        Although the Franchise Agreement and the Development Agreement require arbitration to be
conducted in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, we agree that the place of arbitration will be a location that is in
close proximity to the site of your business.

         Although the Franchise Agreement and the Development Agreement require certain litigation to
be instituted in a court in to the state where our principal place of business is located, you may institute
litigation in any court of competent jurisdiction located in the State of North Dakota.



07/18/2025
