                                                                                           ILLINOIS


                            STATE OF ILLINOIS
                ADDENDUM TO AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT

      In recognition of the requirements of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act of 1987, Ill.
Comp. Stat., Chapter 815, §§ 705/1 through 705/44 (the “Act”), the parties to the attached GNC
HOLDINGS, LLC AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) agree as follows:

1.     Illinois law governs the Agreement.

2.     Section 11.3(iii) of the Agreement contains a provision requiring a general release as a
       condition of transfer of the Agreement. Such release will exclude claims arising under the
       Act.

3.     Section 12 of the Agreement as it relates to termination is only applicable to the extent it
       is not inconsistent with the Act. In the event of any inconsistency, the Act will control.
       Franchisee’s rights upon termination and non-renewal are set forth in sections 19 and 20
       of the Act.

4.     Franchisor and Developer acknowledge, and reference is hereby made to, Sections 705/4
       and 705/41 of the Act, which provide as follows:

       Sec. 4. Jurisdiction and Venue. Any provision in a franchise agreement that designates
       jurisdiction or venue in a forum outside of the State of Illinois is void, provided that a
       franchise agreement may provide for arbitration in a forum outside of the State of Illinois.

       Sec. 41. Waivers Void. Any condition, stipulation, or provision purporting to bind any
       person acquiring any franchise to waive compliance with any provision of this Act or any
       other law of this State is void. This Section shall not prevent any person from entering into
       a settlement agreement or executing a general release regarding a potential or actual lawsuit
       filed under any of the provisions of this Act, nor shall it prevent the arbitration of any claim
       pursuant to the provisions of Title 9 of the United States Code.

5.     No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed by Developer in connection with
       the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
       claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii)
       disclaiming reliance on any statement by Franchisor, any franchise seller, or other person
       acting on behalf of Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document
       executed in connection with the franchise.

6.     Section 30 of the Agreement, titled “Acknowledgments,” is hereby deleted in its entirety.

7.     Each provision of this Addendum shall be effective only to the extent, with respect to each
       such provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act
       are met independently without reference to this Addendum.




07/18/2025
