products manufactured or carried by defendant were packaged in a deceptive and misleading manner, in
that the packaging contains unlawful slack-fill (area of empty space in a bottle or packaging). Plaintiff
sought an injunction against defendants, including that defendants be barred from producing proprietary
products with so-called non-functional slack-fill in the District of Columbia. He also sought unspecified
compensatory and punitive damages and attorneys’ fees. On October 5, 2015, the parties reached a
settlement pursuant to which defendants agreed to pay plaintiff $20,000 in full satisfaction of all claims.

         Amanda Huffman v. General Nutrition Corporation and GNC Parent, LLC (Superior Court for the
District of Columbia, Civil Division, Case No. 15-002081). On March 26, 2015, plaintiff, a GNC store
customer, filed this lawsuit against defendants alleging a cause of action for unlawful and deceptive trade
practices in violation of District of Columbia Code Section 28-3905. Plaintiff alleged that certain products
manufactured or carried by defendants were packaged in a deceptive and misleading manner, in that the
packaging contained unlawful slack-fill (area of empty space in a bottle or packaging). Plaintiff sought an
injunction against defendants, including that defendants be barred from producing products with so-called
non-functional slack-fill in the District of Columbia. She also sought unspecified compensatory and
punitive damages and attorneys’ fees. On October 26, 2015, the parties reached a settlement pursuant to
which defendants agreed to pay plaintiff $30,000 in full satisfaction of all claims.

         Kevin Gioia and Aurelio Batista v. GNC Holdings, Inc. (U.S. District Court, Southern District of
California, Case No. 3:15-CV-2871). On February 19, 2015, Plaintiffs filed this putative class action
lawsuit against the former franchisor’s parent company alleging causes of action for (a) unfair methods of
competition in violation of California Civil Code Section 1770(a)(5), (b) unfair or fraudulent business
practices under California’s Unfair Competition Law, (c) untrue or misleading advertising under
California’s False Advertising Law, (d) under New York’s Deceptive Acts or Practices Law and for
negligent misrepresentation. Plaintiffs alleged that certain products manufactured and carried by defendant
were packaged in a deceptive and misleading manner, in that the packaging was opaque and contained
“slackfill” (an area of empty space in a bottle or package). Plaintiffs sought both injunctive relief and
unspecified compensatory and punitive monetary damages and attorneys’ fees. On February 18, 2017, the
parties entered into a settlement agreement in which defendant agreed to pay the plaintiffs $55,000. On
March 20, 2017, the U.S. District Court dismissed the suit without prejudice with each party bearing their
own fees and costs.

         David B. Gottesmann v. GNC Holdings, Inc., GNC Corporation, General Nutrition Corporation,
General Nutrition Centers, Inc., and Constellation Brands U.S. Operations, Inc. d/b/a Constellation Wines
U.S., Inc. (Circuit Court, 11th Judicial Circuit, Miami-Dade County, Florida, Case No. 2015-003636-CA-
01). On or about May 29, 2015, plaintiff, a GNC customer, filed this action alleging that he suffered
myocardial infarction resulting from his use of Burn 60 dietary supplements manufactured and/or sold by
defendants. Plaintiff claims that defendants’ failure to warn and manufacture and/or sale of a defective
product caused his injuries. Plaintiff alleged causes of action for negligence; strict liability; and violation
of the Florida Deceptive and Unfair Trade Practices Act, Fla. Stat. s. 501.201 et seq., based on his
allegations that defendants falsely represented to the public that Burn 60 was safe. Plaintiff sought
unspecified compensatory and statutory damages, and attorneys’ fees and costs. On January 13, 2017, the
parties entered into a settlement agreement in which defendants agreed to pay the plaintiff $22,500. An
Order of Dismissal was filed on February 2, 2017.

        Charles Brewer, et al. v. General Nutrition Corporation (U.S. District Court, Northern District of
California, Case No. 11CV3587). On July 21, 2011, Charles Brewer, on behalf of himself and all others
similarly situated, filed this lawsuit against the former franchisor in federal court, alleging state and federal
wage and hour claims. Plaintiffs alleged the following claims on behalf of the class: (a) failure to provide
meal and rest breaks; (b) non-compliant wage statements; (c) failure to reimburse business expenses
(mileage); (d) failure to pay all wages owed in a timely manner at termination. The class included

                                                       18
07/18/2025
