       being in default of your franchise obligations, you are required to maintain at least $60,000 of
       inventory at wholesale cost, in an appropriate mix that ensures that the store is at all times fully
       stocked in accordance with GNC’s merchandising and plan-o-gram guidelines, presents a full
       display of products to customers, and consists of no more than 10% of non-planogram products,
       provided that you must otherwise maintain adequate inventory to effectively operate. For a
       Smoothie Bar, you must purchase inventory from approved suppliers. The estimated opening
       inventory for a Smoothie Bar includes paper products, fruit, juice, supplements and additives.

11.    Business and worker’s compensation insurance costs vary depending on the Store location in the
       United States and whether it is an urban or rural location. Business and worker’s compensation
       insurance costs average approximately $6,000 per year, but the range is from $2,500 to $10,500
       per year. These figures are based on numbers provided by Hylant, which is the insurance broker
       that a majority of our franchisees use. Generally, coastal franchisees and franchisees located in
       hazard zones (i.e., areas that may be subject to wildfires, hurricanes, flooding, tornadoes, and other
       hazards) can expect to pay higher premiums. Global or national conditions may cause your
       insurance costs to be higher. See Item 8 for a more detailed description of our requirements for
       business and worker’s compensation insurance.

12.    The cost of initial training is included in your franchise fee; however, you must pay for your
       lodging, travel and additional expenses incurred by traveling to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, if Phase
       II training is held there (and not virtually). See Item 11 for a description of our training
       requirements.

13.    Miscellaneous opening costs include the costs of various supplies, including cleaning supplies,
       bathroom supplies, office supplies, and other general supplies necessary to operate your Store.

14.    Our franchisees typically lease their space from a third-party landlord, but there may be
       circumstances where we will sublease Store premises to a franchisee, such as where we franchise
       an existing company-owned Store already subject to a lease Whether you lease your Store premises
       from a third-party landlord or sublease the premises from us, the amount in the above chart is the
       estimated cost range for one month for base rent, common area maintenance charges, real estate
       taxes, insurance, and other charges including deposits, utilities and merchant’s association charges,
       and is based on the lease costs for corporate Stores that are operated in strip center locations. The
       cost per square foot of commercial space varies considerably depending on size, condition, location
       and market conditions affecting commercial property. However, in general, you must pay base
       rent, common area maintenance charges, and real estate taxes. Depending on lease requirements,
       you may also have to pay a rental deposit when the lease begins, in addition to other occupancy
       costs such as insurance, utilities, promotional fund charges, and merchant’s association charges.
       The following table shows the average annual lease costs based on the experiences of our corporate
       stores:

                                              Mall                 Strip              Downtown
        Base Rent                             $38,042              $36,658            $123,118
        Common Area Maintenance               $4,277               $3,706             $574
        Real Estate Tax                       $3,576               $2,637             $6,355
        Insurance                             $28                  $321               $98
        Other                                 $4,777               $367               $1,144

       Typical locations are open air strip shopping centers. We will also franchise locations in malls and
       downtown locations. You will need approximately 1,000 to 1,500 square feet for the Store. We


                                                    46
07/18/2025
