specified development area in accordance with a specified development schedule, under the form of Area
Development Agreement attached as Exhibit F to this disclosure document (the “Development
Agreement”). You must open a minimum of two GNC stores under the Development Agreement. Under
the Development Agreement, you have the right to develop, open and operate an agreed upon number of
GNC Stores located in an area of responsibility (the “Development Area”), provided that you do so in
accordance with an agreed upon development schedule (the “Development Schedule”). There is no preset
maximum number of GNC Stores that you will be required to establish under the Development Agreement.
We will negotiate with you on a case-by-case basis the number of GNC Stores that you will develop. In
negotiating the number of GNC Stores we will permit you to develop under the Development Agreement,
we will take into account market conditions, demographics for the potential development area and other
factors we deem relevant. You may establish your GNC Stores at any location within the Development
Area provided we consent to the location, which consent may be withheld or granted in our sole discretion,
the location is in a state where we are permitted to sell GNC franchises, the location is not located in
a territory or location in which any other GNC franchisee has exclusive rights or a right of first refusal, the
location would not violate any other protected or restricted territories that we have granted or may in the
future grant, such as in connection with a joint venture or Rite Aid, and the location would not violate a
radius restriction in any real estate lease. You will operate each GNC Store to be developed under the
Development Agreement under a separate Franchise Agreement. Upon establishing each additional GNC
Store under the Development Schedule, you will be required to sign a then-current Franchise Agreement,
which may differ from the current Franchise Agreement included with this disclosure document.

        We currently offer 2 ways to purchase a GNC franchise:

        New Franchise Store

        A new franchise Store (“New Franchise Store”), or the right to develop multiple New Franchise
Stores under a Development Agreement, may be awarded to a qualified person who is new to the GNC
System, an existing franchisee or an employee of ours pursuant to our employee program. A New Franchise
Store will be a new Store constructed at a location approved by us.

        Conversion Store

         As part of our current business strategy, we are converting existing company-owned GNC Stores
to franchised GNC Stores (a “Conversion Store”). This may entail selling individual company-owned GNC
Stores to individual franchisees or packaging a group of company-owned Stores to sell to a single franchisee
or group of franchisees. This program is available to qualified new franchisees, existing franchisees, and
employees of ours pursuant to our employee program. Sales of Conversion Stores will be made using the
form of Asset Purchase and Sale Agreement attached as Exhibit H to this disclosure document.

        In either case, to qualify under our employee program, you must currently be an employee of ours,
and you must have been employed (regardless of the position held) full-time for at least 12 months or part-
time for at least 24 months prior to the date you execute the Franchise Agreement.

        We generally do not offer or include a Smoothie Bar option in the standard GNC Store plan.
However, depending on the circumstances, and if you qualify, we may, in our sole discretion, allow you to
include a Smoothie Bar in the Store. The Smoothie Bar is a fully-integrated, full-service bar inside the Store,
with approximately 150 square feet, specializing in the sale of drinks blended with fruit, juice, and nutritional
supplements. In determining whether to allow you to include a Smoothie Bar in the Store, we may consider
factors such as your operational history and experience either with Smoothie Bars in other GNC Store
locations or with similar non-GNC concepts; whether you have the financial resources to construct and
operate the Smoothie Bar; whether a Smoothie Bar is permitted by the lease for the location; whether the

                                                       3
07/18/2025
