                                       GNC HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES

                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




          The 2L Term Loan provides for an event of default for non-payment of the 1L Term Loan if the Bank of China accelerates
the maturity of the obligations and the outstanding default remains unremedied. Pursuant to the Intercreditor and Subordination
Agreement dated as of October 7, 2020, between Bank of China and GLAS Trust Company LLC, as administrative agent and as
collateral agent for the holders of the 2L Term Loan, there is a 180-day standstill period before the Second Lien lenders can
proceed to enforce any action in the event of accelerated obligations under the Bank of China Facilities Agreement to allow the
Company to remedy the outstanding default. The satisfaction of the Company's obligations under the 1L Term Loan by
transferring the pledged shares of Listco to the Bank of China would remedy a 2L Term Loan event of default due to non-payment
of the 1L Term Loan and its acceleration.

Ireland Exit and Canada Wind Down

          On July 9, 2024, after conducting a strategic review of the viability and operations of the two wholly owned indirect
Ireland subsidiaries, GNC Live Well Ireland Unlimited Company and THSD Unlimited Company (collectively "GNC Ireland"),
and careful consideration of all reasonably available options, the Company determined GNC Ireland to be insolvent and no longer
commercially sustainable, and determined to withdraw its support for and approved the filing of a petition to appoint provisional
liquidators for GNC Ireland. As such, the Company petitioned the High Court of Ireland to appoint liquidators and begin its
liquidation proceedings during the three months ended September 30, 2024. Concurrent with the appointment of the provisional
liquidators on July 10, 2024, the Company ceased to have effective control over GNC Ireland, and therefore the Company
recorded a net loss on disposal of $0.4 million, recorded within other loss (income), net on the Consolidated Statement of
Operations.

        Additionally, in August 2024, the Company elected to move forward with an orderly wind down of its directly owned
Canada subsidiary, GNC Canada Holdings ULC ("GNC Canada") through fiscal year 2025 given consistent revenue and store
base decline, increased occupancy costs, as well as manufacturing challenges and lack of product availability. As such, the
Company allowed stores with expiring leases and early termination rights in 2024 to close. As of December 31, 2024, 26 locations
remain open in Canada and will continue to operate in 2025 through their respective lease term end dates.

Revision of Previously Issued Financial Statements

        Certain prior period amounts for withholding tax on the First Lien Term Loan interest payments on the Consolidated
Balance Sheets, Consolidated Statements of Income, Consolidated Statements of Member’s Equity, and Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows, have been revised to correct for an error. The Company identified an error impacting previously issued financial
statements beginning in the first quarter of 2021 and subsequent reporting periods through the third quarter of 2024. The Company
has evaluated the errors both quantitatively and qualitatively and concluded they were not material, individually or in the
aggregate, to the prior period consolidated financial statements. Refer to Note 7. “Debt / Interest Expense” for more information.




                                                               12
