                                                                                            MARYLAND


                                STATE OF MARYLAND
                    ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT

        The following is added to Item 17 of the Franchise Disclosure Document:

         The general release required as a condition of relocation, renewal, sale and/or assignment or
transfer will not apply to any liability arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure
Law. A copy of the form of general release required by the Franchise Agreement and the Development
Agreement is attached to this Addendum as Schedule A.

        You may sue in Maryland for claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and
Disclosure Law.

        Any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law may be brought
within 3 years after the grant of your franchise.

        The Franchise Agreement and Area Development Agreement provide that disputes are resolved
through arbitration. A Maryland franchise regulation states that it is an unfair or deceptive practice to
require a franchisee to waive its right to file a lawsuit in Maryland claiming a violation of the Maryland
Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. In light of the Federal Arbitration Act, there is some dispute
as to whether this forum selection requirement is legally enforceable.

        No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under
any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.

        We will defer your payment of initial franchise fees and other initial payments owed to us until
such time as we have satisfied all of our pre-opening obligations to you under the Franchise Agreement and
your franchised business is open. If you enter into a Development Agreement with us, all development
fees and initial payments by you shall be deferred until the first franchise under the Area Development
Agreement opens. The Maryland Attorney General’s Office imposed this deferral requirement.




07/18/2025
