15.    OWNERSHIP OF DEVELOPER

       Attached hereto as Exhibit B is a description of the legal organization of Developer
(whether a corporation, limited, liability company, partnership, sole proprietorship, or
otherwise), the names and addresses of each person or entity owning a any interest in Developer
(the “Principal Owners”) and the percentage of such interest owned by such person or entity.
Developer agrees to notify Franchisor in writing whenever there is any change in the
organizational structure or ownership interest of Developer as set forth on Exhibit B. Franchisor
may require each Principal to execute the Guaranty Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit C.

16.    SUCCESSORS AND THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIES

       This Agreement and the covenants, restrictions and limitations contained herein shall be
binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of Franchisor and its successors and assigns and shall
be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of Developer and its heirs, personal representatives,
successors and permitted assigns. Nothing in this Agreement is intended, nor is deemed, to confer
any rights or remedies upon any person or legal entity not a party hereto. This Agreement is,
however, intended to bind the Bound Parties to the extent set forth in this Agreement.

17.    CONSTRUCTION

       All terms and words used in this Agreement, regardless of the number and gender in
which they are used, shall be deemed and construed to include any other number, and any other
gender, as the context or sense of this Agreement or any provision hereof may require, as if such
words had been fully and properly written in the appropriate number and gender. All covenants,
agreements and obligations assumed herein by Developer shall be deemed to be joint and several
covenants, agreements and obligations of each of the persons named as Developer, if more than
one person is so named. Except where this Agreement expressly obligates Franchisor not to
unreasonably withhold its approval of any of Developer’s actions or requests, Franchisor has the
absolute right, in its sole and arbitrary discretion, to refuse any request Developer makes or to
withhold its approval of any of Developer’s proposed or effected actions that require
Franchisor’s approval.

18.    INTERPRETATION AND HEADINGS

        The parties agree that this Agreement should be interpreted according to its fair meaning.
Developer waives to the fullest extent possible the application of any rule which would construe
ambiguous language against Franchisor as the drafter of this Agreement. The words “include,”
“includes” and “including” when used in this Agreement will be interpreted as if they were
followed by the words “without limitation.” References to section numbers and headings will
refer to sections of this Agreement unless the context indicates otherwise. Captions and section
headings are used herein for convenience only. They are not part of this Agreement and shall not
be used in construing it.




                                                20
07/18/2025
