         G.       Annual Physical Inventory. Franchisor may require Franchisee to complete a physical
inventory at the Store on an annual basis, at Franchisee’s expense. Franchisor shall have the right, in its
sole discretion, to conduct the annual physical inventory. Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor, upon demand,
an annual inventory fee in the amount of $540, or such other amount as Franchisor may establish from time
to time, for conducting each annual inventory; provided, that if Franchisor provides Financial Services to
Franchisee as set forth in Section 16.E., then Franchisee shall not be required to pay the annual inventory
fee. Franchisor reserves the right to increase or decrease the annual inventory fee from time to time in its
sole discretion.

        H.       Compliance with Manuals. Franchisee shall operate the Store in strict conformity with
such policies, procedures, methods, standards, and specifications as Franchisor may from time to time
prescribe in the Manuals or otherwise in writing.

        I.       Products, Equipment and Supplies. Franchisee agrees:

         (i)     To maintain in sufficient supply, and to use at all times, only such products, materials,
supplies, forms, and other items (collectively, “items”) as Franchisor shall approve or prescribe; to refrain
from using or selling any items which Franchisor has not expressly approved for use or sale at the Store; to
not wholesale, directly or indirectly, any items at the Store or otherwise; to promptly (or immediately, if so
directed by Franchisor) discontinue selling and offering for sale any items or services which Franchisor
may, in its sole discretion, disapprove at any time for any reason whatsoever; and to purchase all items
required for the operation of the Store, solely from suppliers (including manufacturers, wholesalers, and
distributors) which Franchisor has approved to sell such items to Franchisee at that time. Franchisor may
require Franchisee to purchase any or all items exclusively from Franchisor, in Franchisor’s sole discretion.
If Franchisee desires to purchase any items from an unapproved supplier, Franchisee, at its own expense,
shall submit to Franchisor a written request for such approval and samples and specifications, or shall
request the supplier itself to do so. Franchisor has the absolute discretion to approve or disapprove any
items or suppliers for any reason whatsoever. Further, Franchisor may revoke its approval of a previously
approved supplier at any time for any reason whatsoever. No supplier shall be deemed approved by
Franchisor, unless such approval is given by Franchisor in writing. Franchisor or its authorized
representatives may at any time during normal business hours enter the Store and remove any items or stop
any services that are not approved by Franchisor, not provided by suppliers approved by Franchisor, or
which are otherwise prohibited by this Agreement or applicable law.

        (ii)     To purchase, install, operate and maintain in good working order, in the ordinary course of
business, at Franchisee’s expense (such expense to include reasonable technology maintenance and
operating fees charged by Franchisor to Franchisee on a monthly or more frequent basis), such fixtures,
furnishings, technology, electronic platforms, signs and other equipment, including a POS System and
peripherals, and such other technology and computerized equipment with such upgrades to the system and
equipment as Franchisor may reasonably direct from time to time in the Manuals or otherwise in writing;
participate in Franchisor’s Franchise Portal; and not install or permit to be installed in, on or about the Store
premises, without Franchisor’s prior written consent, any fixtures, furnishings, technology, signs,
equipment, or other improvements not previously approved as meeting Franchisor’s standards and
specifications.

        J.      Inspections. Franchisee shall permit Franchisor and its agents to enter upon the Store
premises at any reasonable time, with or without advance notice, for the purpose of conducting inspections,
auditing Franchisee’s books and records and evaluating Franchisee’s operations. Franchisee shall cooperate
with Franchisor’s representatives in such inspections, audits and evaluations by rendering such assistance
as they may reasonably request; and, at the request of Franchisor or its agents, and without limiting
Franchisor’s other rights under this Agreement, shall take such steps as may be necessary to immediately
                                                       13

07/18/2025
