Law (Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code section 17200, et seq.) by making misrepresentations and omissions of
material facts in its advertising and labeling; for violation of the California Consumers Legal Remedies Act
(Cal. Civ. Code section 1750, et seq.) by falsely representing that the biotin products were beneficial for
hair, skin and nail health; for violation of the California False Advertising Law (Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code
section 17500) by making untrue or misleading representations that its biotin products were beneficial for
hair, skin and nail health; and for breach of express warranty. Plaintiff was seeking class certification,
restitution and disgorgement of profits, injunctive relief, interest, and attorneys’ fees and costs. On
February 7, 2019, the parties entered into a settlement agreement, pursuant to which defendants agreed to
pay plaintiff $24,000, and plaintiff agreed to release defendants from all claims relating to plaintiff’s
allegations in the complaint.

         Sean Wagner, individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated vs. General Nutrition
Corporation (U.S. District Court, Northern District of Illinois, Case No. 16-cv-10961). On November 30,
2016, plaintiff, a GNC customer, filed this putative class action lawsuit in which plaintiff alleged that
defendant engaged in unfair and/or deceptive business practices by misrepresenting the nature and quality
of certain products on the product’s labels and through marketing and advertising. The products at issue
were various GNC-branded L-Glutamine dietary supplements. Plaintiff alleged causes of action against
defendant for violation of state consumer fraud acts (on behalf of the Consumer Fraud Multi-State Class);
for violation of the Illinois Consumer Fraud and Deceptive Business Practices Act (On Behalf of the Illinois
Subclass); for breach of express warranty (on Behalf of the National Class) and for unjust enrichment (on
Behalf of the National Class). Plaintiff also alleged that defendant violated 21 U.S.C. §343(a)(1), which
deems food misbranded when the label contains a statement that is false or misleading. Plaintiff sought an
order for class certification; an injunction prohibiting GNC from engaging in unlawful conduct; restitution
and disgorgement of profits; unspecified actual, punitive and statutory damages; interest; and attorneys’
fees and costs. On July 18, 2018, the parties reached a settlement, pursuant to which defendant agreed to
pay plaintiff $50,000. The parties agreed to mutual releases, and plaintiff agreed to dismiss the lawsuit
with prejudice.

        Robert J. Jones and Kristen A. Jones (Court of Common Pleas, City and County of Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania, Case ID: 180503605). On June 1, 2018, a praecipe for writ of summons was entered in the
Court of Common Pleas, Philadelphia County, Pennsylvania, by Robert and Kristen Jones, who were
franchisees. The praecipe related to lease negotiations being conducted by the former franchisor with the
landlord for their GNC store. During the course of the negotiations, the master lease for the Jones’ GNC
store expired, and consequently there was no longer leasable space for their GNC store. The parties settled
this matter on October 18, 2018. The former franchisor agreed to pay the Jones’ $31,000, and the parties
agreed to mutual general releases.

         Cole Williams and Novack Lazare v. General Nutrition Centers, Inc. and General Nutrition Corp.
(U.S. District Court, District of Connecticut, Case No. 3:14-CV-01429-VLB). On September 29, 2014,
plaintiffs, former employees, filed this putative class action alleging that defendants’ policy of calculating
overtime for certain non-exempt employees pursuant to the fluctuating workweek (“FWW”) was in
violation of the Connecticut Minimum Wage Act (CMWA), Conn Gen. Stat. s. 31-58 et seq. Plaintiffs
alleged that when they worked more than 40 hours a week, they were underpaid by virtue of defendants’
application of the FWW method for calculating overtime compensation. Plaintiffs were seeking class
certification, unspecified unpaid overtime compensation under the CMWA, liquidated damages under the
CMWA, interest and attorneys’ fees and costs. In May 2018, the parties agreed to settle this lawsuit, with
defendants agreeing to pay participating class members, named plaintiffs, class counsel and the settlement
administrator. Defendants agreed to pay plaintiffs and participating class members an amount up to a
cumulative total of $95,000, exclusive of the employer’s share of payroll taxes. Defendants also agreed to
pay a service payment allocation (in an amount up to a cumulative total of $15,000), to be allocated among
the class representatives. Defendants also agreed to pay plaintiff’s attorneys’ fees and costs, and the

                                                     16
07/18/2025
