                                                                                                 HAWAII


                                  STATE OF HAWAII
                          ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

       In recognition of the requirements of the Hawaii Franchise Investment Law, Hawaii Rev. Stat. §§
482E, et seq., the parties to the attached GNC HOLDINGS, LLC FRANCHISE AGREEMENT (the
“Agreement”) agree as follows:

1.     Sections 6.E., 18.B.(ii)(c) and 19.G. of the Agreement each contain a provision requiring a general
       release as a condition of relocation, transfer or renewal of the franchise. Such release will exclude
       claims arising under the Hawaii Franchise Investment Law.

2.     Sections 18, 19 and 20 as they relate to transfer, non-renewal and termination are applicable to the
       extent they are not inconsistent with the Hawaii Franchise Investment Law. Otherwise, the Hawaii
       Franchise Investment Law will control.

3.     No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in connection
       with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims
       under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
       reliance on any statement made by Franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of
       Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with
       the franchise.

4.     Each provision of this Addendum will be effective only to the extent, with respect to such provision,
       that the jurisdictional requirements of the Hawaii Franchise Investment Law are met independently
       without reference to this Addendum.

5.     Except as otherwise provided in this Addendum, all the other terms, covenants and agreements in
       the Agreement shall remain the same, and the Agreement, as amended, shall continue in full force
       and effect. To the extent this Addendum is inconsistent with any terms or conditions of the
       Agreement or the Attachments thereto, the terms of this Addendum shall govern.



                                        [Signature Page Follows]




07/18/2025
