location has adequate square footage to add a Smoothie Bar; and whether you (if you are an existing
franchisee) are in compliance with the terms of your Franchise Agreement and are in good financial
standing. If we allow you to include a Smoothie Bar in your Store, you must execute the Smoothie Bar
Addendum that will be attached to your Franchise Agreement. We do not offer free-standing Smoothie Bars.
We may, in our sole discretion, require you to remove the Smoothie Bar from your Store at the time of any renewal
of your Franchise Agreement or remodeling of your Store.

         You will operate your GNC Store as an independent business using the Proprietary Marks, System,
support, guidance, and materials developed by us. You will offer and sell products and services to the
general public under the terms and conditions contained within the Franchise Agreement and our
confidential operating manuals, including the Franchise Operations Manual and the Visual Merchandising
Playbook, and any other manuals that we may develop or prescribe from time to time (the “Manuals”), that
will be loaned to you at the time of training. You may not offer other products or services without our prior
written approval.

        We reserve the right to offer special incentive programs at any time in the future, which may
decrease any of the fees listed in Items 5, 6 and 7 of this disclosure document. Generally, these incentive
programs will be conditioned upon you executing a Franchise Agreement or opening your Store by a
specified date and may only be available for specific Stores or in specified markets, which we determine in
our sole discretion. We may alter or discontinue these programs at any time in our sole discretion without
notice to you. These incentive programs may not be combined with any other offer or program unless
indicated by us in writing. Furthermore, if you have executed a Franchise Agreement before the dates
specified for the incentive programs, acquired a GNC location from an existing franchisee via a transfer, or
are renewing an existing Franchise Agreement, you are not eligible to participate in the incentive program.

COMPETITION

         The health, wellness and performance market is well developed and is very competitive. You will
compete with independent, regional, and national chains of vitamin stores, health food stores, and fitness
stores. You will also compete with specialty stores, mass merchandisers, drug stores and grocery stores
that sell the same or similar products, some of which may be located in close proximity to your Store or
within the same enclosed mall or strip center. Various companies throughout the United States sell, by mail
order, Internet or catalog sales, products which are the same or similar to those you will offer from your
franchise location. Depending on the terms of your lease, your landlord may be able to lease other space
within the mall or strip center in which you are located to other stores which may offer products that are
the same as or similar to your products. Other nearby stores may be owned by us or our affiliates, under
the same or a different trade name or trademark. In addition, in response to increasing competition in your
area, we may develop programs to compete with that competition, and these programs may lower prices of
products in certain GNC Stores in your area; however, these programs will comply with our obligations in
connection with your protected territory under your Franchise Agreement.

        In our Franchise Agreement, we reserve the right to sell products under the same or similar brands
that you sell, including GNC Brand Supplements, via other channels of distribution. We own and operate
the Internet site GNC.com. Additionally, our products, including GNC Brand Supplements, are sold on
various other virtual marketplaces, including, but not limited toWalmart.com, SamsClub.com, Tik Tok
Shop, and Uber Eats. These Internet sites will enable customers to purchase vitamin and mineral
supplements, sports nutrition products, diet and energy products, herbal supplements, health and beauty
products, health care products, and related products that may be currently available in retail GNC Stores,
including GNC Brand Supplements, as well as provide free on-line information about health, wellness and
performance. The products offered on these Internet sites may be the same or similar to those sold by you
and may be offered for sale at varying prices. We also wholesale products (including GNC Brand

                                                       4
07/18/2025
