        “Protected Territory” means the geographic area in which the Approved Location is located
designated as the “Protected Territory” in the Selected Term Summary. However, the Protected Territory
specifically excludes existing GNC Stores or locations under franchise, option, license, development or
lease obligations or GNC Stores to be opened under any agreement with us or any of our affiliates, which
were negotiated before the Store Opening Date. For all Approved Locations, the Protected Territory, if a
distance, shall be measured based upon a radius extending from the public entrance of Franchisee’s Store
(and not the mall or strip center entrance).

         “Protective Period” means a period of one (1) year from the original Store Opening Date. The
Protective Period commences on the original Store Opening Date and expires on the first anniversary of the
original Store Opening Date. The Protective Period shall not restart or be extended in connection with any
Transfer or renewal of this Agreement or the Franchised Business (whether or not a new Franchise
Agreement is executed in connection with the Transfer or renewal). So if this Agreement is executed in
connection with a Transfer occurring more than one (1) year after the original Store Opening Date, there is
no Protective Period.

        “Publicly-held corporation” means any corporation with a class of securities registered under the
Securities and Exchange Act of 1934.

         “Related Agreements” means any agreement between Franchisee and Franchisor or its Affiliates
or any other party entered into in connection with this Agreement and/or the operation of the Franchised
Business. For purposes of Sections 18.B(ii)(b), 19.C., 20.B(xi), and 21.M. of this Agreement, “Related
Agreement” shall include any agreement of Franchisor or its Affiliates entered into with Franchisee, its
Affiliates or its Principals or any Entity in which Franchisee or any Principal, manager, partner or joint
venture of Franchisee, directly or indirectly, has any interest of ownership or participation, regardless of
location; this may include agreements related to the operation of another GNC Store or other GNC
franchised business.

        “Renewal Fee” means the franchise renewal fee described in Section 19.F.

       “Renewal Term” means the period commencing on the expiration date of the Initial Term, the
immediately preceding Renewal Term, or the Transfer Term, as the case may be (the “Renewal
Commencement Date”), and ending on the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Renewal Commencement Date, as
may be adjusted by Franchisor pursuant to Section 3.B. of the Agreement.

        “Retained Rights” mean Franchisor’s and its Affiliates’ rights:

        (i)     to operate, or grant a license for the operation of, a GNC Store, a kiosk or other outlet,
                using GNC Brand Supplements and/or any or all of the Proprietary Marks at any location
                outside of the Protected Territory, regardless of the proximity of any of those locations to
                the Protected Territory, or to do so inside the Protected Territory as permitted by this
                Agreement;

        (ii)    to operate, or grant a license for the operation of, a kiosk or outlet (other than a GNC Store
                physically located within the Protected Territory during the Protective Period) using GNC
                Brand Supplements and/or any or all of the Proprietary Marks at any location within or
                outside of the Protected Territory, regardless of the proximity of any of those locations to
                the Approved Location;




07/18/2025
