WILL BE CONSIDERED UNIQUE AS TO ITS FACTS AND WILL NOT BE COMMENCED OR
PROCEEDED WITH AS A CLASS ACTION. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW,
FRANCHISEE WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO PROCEED AGAINST FRANCHISOR OR ITS
AFFILIATES BY WAY OF CLASS ACTION.

         F.      Claims Period. Any and all claims and actions arising out of or relating to this Agreement,
the relationship between Franchisee and Franchisor, or the operation of the Franchised Business and the
Store brought by any party to this Agreement against another party to this Agreement, shall be commenced
within the earlier of one (1) year from the discovery of the facts giving rise to such claim or action, or the
expiration of such earlier limitations period as may be prescribed by applicable law, or such claim or action
shall be barred; provided, however, that this time limitation shall not apply to unperformed financial
obligations of Franchisee to Franchisor or indemnity obligations relating to third party claims of creditors
or claimants against the Franchised Business.

        G.      Cumulative Remedies. No right or remedy conferred upon or reserved to Franchisor or
Franchisee by this Agreement is intended to be, nor shall be deemed, exclusive of any other right or remedy
herein or by law or equity provided or permitted, but each shall be cumulative of every other right or
remedy.

         H.       Attorneys’ Fees and Costs. In any litigation, mediation, arbitration, or other legal action
relating to or in connection with the Franchised Business, this Agreement or the relationship between the
parties, to the extent Franchisor is the prevailing party, Franchisor shall be entitled to recover its reasonable
costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, paralegal fees, investigative costs, and court costs incurred
in connection therewith, whether such costs, fees and expenses are incurred before or at trial, on appeal,
during any insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings, during any post-judgment collection proceedings, or
otherwise, from Franchisee.

          30.      BLOCKED PERSONS OR ENTITIES. Franchisee represents and warrants to Franchisor
that, to its actual and constructive knowledge: (i) neither Franchisee (including, for purposes of this section,
its Principals, directors and officers), nor any of its Affiliates, funding sources or guarantors, is identified
on the list of the U.S. Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”); (ii) neither Franchisee nor
any of its Affiliates or guarantors are directly or indirectly owned or controlled by the government of any
country that is subject to an embargo imposed by the United States government; (iii) neither Franchisee nor
any of its Affiliates or guarantors are acting on behalf of a government of, or are involved in business
arrangements or other transactions with, any country that is subject to such an embargo. Franchisee agrees
to notify Franchisor in writing immediately upon the occurrence of any event which would cause the
foregoing representations and warranties of this Section 30 to be incorrect in any respect. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Franchisee may not allow or sustain a Transfer to a Specially
Designated National or Blocked Person or to an Entity in which a Specially Designated National or Blocked
Person has an interest.

         31.     ENTIRE AGREEMENT, ETC. This Agreement, the Selected Term Summary and the
other documents referred to herein, and the Attachments hereto, constitute the entire, full, and complete
Agreement between the parties concerning the subject matter hereof, and supersede any and all prior
agreements, written or oral, between the parties; provided, that nothing in this Agreement or in any Related
Agreement is intended to disclaim the representations made in Franchisor’s Franchise Disclosure Document
provided to Franchisee. No amendment, change, or variance from this Agreement shall be binding on the
parties unless mutually agreed to by the parties in writing executed by themselves or their authorized
officers or agents. This Agreement may be signed in multiple counterpart copies, including by facsimile or
other electronic means, each of which will be deemed an original. By entering into this Agreement,
Franchisee expressly consents to transact business with Franchisor electronically and that, consistent with
                                                       43

07/18/2025
