Franchisor. To the fullest extent allowed by applicable law, Developer waives any law or rule that
would construe ambiguous language against Franchisor as the drafter of this Agreement.

27.     COUNTERPARTS

         This Agreement may be signed and delivered in multiple counterpart copies, including by
facsimile or other electronic means, each of which will be deemed an original. By entering into
this Agreement, Developer expressly consents to transact business with Franchisor electronically
and that, consistent with the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act and all other applicable state
and federal laws, this Agreement and any attachments and addenda thereto may be executed by
electronic signatures, including through use of DocuSign or any other electronic signature
program. The parties to this Agreement agree that (i) the parties’ electronic signatures are intended
to authenticate the writing and to have the same force and effect as the use of manual signatures,
and (ii) an electronically signed version of this Agreement and any attachments or addenda thereto
shall constitute an original for all purposes.

28.     BLOCKED PERSONS OR ENTITIES

        Developer represents and warrants to Franchisor that, to its actual and constructive
knowledge: (i) neither Developer (including, for purposes of this section, its Principals, directors
and officers), nor any of its Affiliates, funding sources or guarantors, is identified on the list of the
U.S. Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”); (ii) neither Developer nor any of its
Affiliates or guarantors are directly or indirectly owned or controlled by the government of any
country that is subject to an embargo imposed by the United States government; (iii) neither
Developer nor any of its Affiliates or guarantors are acting on behalf of a government of, or are
involved in business arrangements or other transactions with, any country that is subject to such
an embargo. Developer agrees to notify Franchisor in writing immediately upon the occurrence
of any event which would cause the foregoing representations and warranties of this Section 29 to
be incorrect in any respect. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement,
Developer may not allow or sustain a Transfer to a Specially Designated National or Blocked
Person or to an Entity in which a Specially Designated National or Blocked Person has an interest.




                                                   26
07/18/2025
