settlement administrator for administrative services under the settlement agreement. Named plaintiffs and
participating class members agreed to release defendants from all settled claims.

        Jane Wu, et al. v. General Nutrition Corporation (Superior Court of California, Orange County,
Case No. 30-2012-00593759-CU-OE-CXC). On August 24, 2012, former employee, Jane Wu, individually
and on behalf of all others similarly situated, sued defendant in the Superior Court of Orange County,
California, alleging that certain defendant vacation payment policies and practices upon termination
violated the California Labor Code and Business and Professions Code section 17200, et seq., and seeking
unpaid vacation, waiting time penalties and attorneys’ fees and costs. Defendant endeavored to voluntarily
pay the class members for any accrued vacation. On August 17, 2016, the parties entered into a settlement
agreement, pursuant to which defendant agreed to pay plaintiff $15,000, less applicable payroll
withholdings. Plaintiff also agreed to release defendant from all settled claims.

         Thera Lambert v. General Nutrition Corporation (U.S. District Court, Northern District of Illinois,
Case No. 1:17-cv-02149). On November 20, 2017, plaintiff, a GNC customer, filed this putative class
action lawsuit, alleging that the defendant product Aloe Vera Skin Gel did not contain any aloe vera, and
that the product’s label was false, deceptive and misleading, in violation of the Federal Food Drug &
Cosmetics Act and its parallel state statutes, and state warranty, consumer protection, and product labeling
laws. Plaintiff alleged causes of action for breach of express warranty, violation of state consumer
protection acts, and violation of the Illinois Consumer Fraud and Deceptive Business Practices Act.
Plaintiff sought class certification, unspecified actual damages, statutory damages, restitution, interest, and
attorneys’ fees and costs. On January 25, 2018, the parties entered into a settlement agreement, whereby
defendant agreed to pay to plaintiff the sum of $48,500, and plaintiff agreed to release GNC from any
claims relating to the lawsuit.

         General Nutrition Centers, Inc. v. Peter E. Arnell (U.S. District Court, Western District of
Pennsylvania, Case No. 2:15-cv-00452). On April 2, 2015, plaintiff filed this lawsuit in the U.S. District
Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania seeking a declaratory judgment against Peter E. Arnell
(“defendant”), a media and branding consultant, after plaintiff received a letter from defendant’s attorneys
claiming that plaintiff was infringing upon defendant’s copyrighted images. Plaintiff had contracted with
defendant to provide certain advertising, branding and marketing communications services to plaintiff.
Defendant was claiming in his letter that, despite expiration of plaintiff’s right and license to use the
defendant’s images, plaintiff had continued to use the images without plaintiff’s permission, license or
authority. Plaintiff’s lawsuit sought the following declarations: that plaintiff had an implied license to use
and display defendant’s images; that any claim of copyright infringement was barred by the doctrines of
laches and equitable estoppel; that defendant was barred from seeking statutory damages under the federal
Copyright Act of 1976; that plaintiff had not engaged in unfair competition under federal and state laws;
and that any unfair competition claims were preempted by the Copyright Act. Plaintiff was seeking
injunctive relief, restitution, and attorneys’ fees and costs. On April 3, 2015, Defendant filed a complaint
against plaintiff styled Peter E. Arnell v. General Nutrition Centers, Inc., Case No. 15-cv-02579, in the U.S.
District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleging unauthorized use and exploitation of
defendant’s images by plaintiff. Defendant alleged in his complaint causes of action for copyright
infringement by plaintiff in violation of the Copyright Act of 1976 and various state laws, and unjust
enrichment. Defendant’s complaint was voluntarily dismissed by defendant on May 22, 2015. On
November 12, 2015 the parties reached a settlement, pursuant to which defendant granted to plaintiff a
perpetual license to use the images at issue in the case, and plaintiff agreed to pay defendant $300,000.

        Patrick Andrew Witte v. General Nutrition Corporation and GNC Parent, LLC (Superior Court for
the District of Columbia, Civil Division, Case No. 15-000878). On February 26, 2015, plaintiff, a GNC
store customer, filed this lawsuit against defendants alleging a cause of action for unlawful and deceptive
trade practices in violation of District of Columbia Code Section 28-3905. Plaintiff alleged that certain

                                                      17
07/18/2025
