       10. Sublessor's Services

        To the extent and only to the extent that the Overlandlord, pursuant to the provisions of the
Overlease, shall furnish services to or for the benefit of the Premises under the Overlease without
additional charge or rental, Sublessee shall be entitled to receive such services to and for the benefit
of the Premises without additional charge or rental. Sublessee agrees to look solely to the
Overlandlord for the rendition of such services or of any other services provided in this Sublease,
and Sublessor shall not be liable to Sublessee for any loss, damage or expense resulting from any
failure of the Overlandlord to furnish such services, unless due to the acts of misconduct on the
part of the Sublessor as Lessee under the Overlease.

       11. Consents of Overlandlord

 Whenever Sublessee wishes to do something to or affecting the Premises or any part thereof which
requires the consent of the Overlandlord, or whenever the consent of the Overlandlord is required
under the Overlease with respect to any matter affecting the Premises or any part thereof, upon
request from Sublessee, Sublessor will request such consent from the Overlandlord. In the event,
however, that Overlandlord shall refuse to grant such consent, Sublessor shall have no liability to
the Sublessee hereunder, nor shall the rent abate, nor shall the obligations of the parties hereto to
each other be affected by reason thereof.

       12. Communications from Overlandlord

       Sublessor shall deliver to Sublessee copies of all notices, requests or demands which relate
to the Premises promptly after receipt thereof from Overlandlord as provided in paragraph 14
hereinbelow.

       13. Sublessor’s Rights

         Sublessor shall maintain the right during the entire term of the Sublease and subsequent
term hereof, to require Sublessee, in Sublessor’s sole discretion, at Sublessee’s cost to change
locations within the Shopping Center, increase or decrease the square footage of the Premises,
modify the rent or other charges, add, reduce or eliminate any radius clause, purchase or install
fixtures that conform to Sublessor’s then current design, install or upgrade equipment, including
without limitation a point of sale cash register system or other equipment then currently in use by
other of the Sublessor’s subtenants, take on additional expenses and otherwise agree to any and all
modifications that Sublessor deems appropriate in the best interest of both Sublessor and
Sublessee. In addition, it shall be in Sublessor’s sole discretion to amend the Overlease, renew
and/or extend the Sublease and/or exercise any option period pursuant to the terms stated in the
Overlease and Sublessee shall be bound by the terms thereof. Sublessor shall have no duty or
obligation to exercise any option to renew or otherwise renew the Overlease. Sublessor or its
affiliate shall have the right to enter the Premises to cure a default under the Franchise Agreement
between Sublessor and Sublessee or under this Sublease and to take such necessary reasonable
actions to protect Sublessor’s proprietary marks and franchise system. Sublessee shall not enter
into ongoing contractual agreements directly with the Landlord, such as Pylon Sign Agreements,




07/18/2025
