                                        GNC HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

          The 2L Term Loan agreement includes financial covenants relating to (i) a maximum Leverage Ratio, (ii) a Guarantee
EBITDA Coverage Ratio, and (iii) a Guarantee Asset Coverage Ratio. Leverage as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, beginning
with the quarter ended September 30, 2021, cannot be less than or equal to 1.50 to 1.00. The Guarantee EBITDA Coverage Ratio
stipulates that the aggregate of earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, and amortization of each Guarantor (GNC and Parent)
individually cannot be less than 90 percent of adjusted EBITDA of the consolidated Group (GNC, Parent, and each of their
subsidiaries, collectively). The Guarantee Asset Coverage Ratio stipulates that the aggregate total assets of each Guarantor
individually cannot be less than 90 percent of the consolidated total assets of the Group. If the Company fails to satisfy either
Guarantee Coverage Ratio, we are required to procure additional Group Members to the extent that the ratio is restored within 90
days. The Company was in compliance with all financial covenants under the 2L Term Loan as of March 31, 2025 and 2024.

Shareholder Loan

         In March 2024, the Company entered into a loan agreement with Jacks Management for the principal sum of $20.0
million (“Shareholder Loan”), and received the proceeds on April 19, 2024. The Company utilized the proceeds to satisfy a
portion of the April 2024 amortization payment on the 1L Term Loan facility. The Shareholder Loan maturity date is April 19,
2025, and is classified as current on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of March 31, 2025. The principal is payable, as converted
to Renminbi equivalent, in US dollars at maturity. Interest on the Shareholder Loan accrues at a rate of Term SOFR. The Company
paid the principal and accrued interest on the Shareholder Loan in the second quarter of 2025.

Assets Pledged as Security for Borrowings

         The Company has pledged substantially all of its assets (with the exception of certain excluded assets) as security for
obligations due under the 1L Term Loan and 2L Term Loan, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the First
Lien Guarantee and Collateral Agreement and Second Lien Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, respectively, each dated October
7, 2020.

Guarantee and Security for Borrowings

           All obligations under the 1L Term Loan are unconditionally and irrevocably, jointly and severally, guaranteed by Parent,
together with Jacks Management and ZT, pursuant to the terms of the Facilities Agreement and the First Lien Guarantee and
Collateral Agreement dated October 7, 2020. The 1L Term Loan guarantee is secured by a pledge of the Parent's shares, by way
of a first priority pledge, to Bank of China. The guarantee and pledge remain in effect until all 1L Term Loan obligations are
satisfied.

Debtor's Estate Escrow and Tax Refund Proceeds

          In connection with the Debtor's Chapter 11 plan, certain funds were placed in segregated escrow accounts held by the
plan administrator for purposes of paying and discharging certain claims and specified liabilities, as well as supporting the wind
down of any remaining business of the Debtor entities. Among the funds placed in a segregated escrow account held by the plan
administrator for satisfying certain tax related liabilities and claims included the tax refund proceeds from the overpayment of
estimated U.S federal income taxes from the 2019 taxable year ("2019 Tax Refund Proceeds"). In addition, the plan administrator
of the Debtors shall receive any U.S federal and state tax refund proceeds from final tax return filings of the Debtors for the 2020
taxable year ("2020 Tax Refund Proceeds") for the satisfaction of any tax related liabilities and claims. Any remaining funds in
escrow after the claims and specified liabilities are discharged, the plan administrator is required to release the funds which will
be utilized to pay down the 2L Term Loan in accordance with the terms of the Stalking Horse Agreement and 2L Term Loan
Credit Agreement.

         In connection with the Acquisition, the Company recorded an estimated $16.8 million long-term asset for the expected
2020 Tax Refund Proceeds and other excess tax related escrows. As of March 31, 2025, the wind-down of the Debtors' estate has
not been completed. The remaining balance in the tax-related and other escrows is not material.




                                                                17
