Franchisor written notice at least thirty (30) days prior to the date of commencement of any
offering or other transaction covered by this section.

       11.5    Transfer Upon Death or Incapacity.

                 (i)   Upon the death or Incapacity of any person with an interest in this
Agreement or in Developer (the effect of which would cause the Business to temporarily or
permanently cease to operate in full compliance with all requirements of this Agreement),
Developer shall immediately notify Franchisor of such event. Franchisor may, at its sole discretion,
but without any obligation to do so, immediately enter upon the premises of the Business, and
install a manager to manage and operate the Business for such time as Franchisor deems necessary,
or until an approved Transfer in accordance with the terms of Section 11 occurs. Franchisor shall
be entitled to reasonable compensation and recoupment of expenses incurred during this period. If
Franchisor assumes management of the Business, Developer acknowledges that Franchisor will
have a duty to use only reasonable efforts and will not be liable to Developer or its Principals for
any debts, losses or obligations of the Business, or to Developer’s creditors for any supplies or
services the Store purchases while the Franchisor manages the Business.

                (ii)     Upon the death or Incapacity of any person with an interest in this
Agreement or in Developer (the Transfer of which interest would have the effect of transferring a
controlling interest in the Business), the executor, administrator, or personal representative of such
person shall transfer their interest within six (6) months after such death or Incapacity to a third
party approved by Franchisor. Such Transfers, including without limitation, Transfers by devise
or inheritance, shall be subject to the same conditions as any inter vivos Transfer (transfer by
conveyance). However, in the case of Transfer by devise or inheritance, if the heirs or beneficiaries
of any such person are unable to meet the conditions in this Section 11, the personal representative
of the deceased person shall have a reasonable time to dispose of the deceased's interest in this
Agreement and the Franchised Business, which disposition shall be subject to all the terms and
conditions for Transfers contained in this Agreement. If an approved Transfer is not effected,
within a reasonable time, not to exceed six (6) months, Franchisor may terminate this Agreement.

        11.6 Non-Waiver of Claims. Franchisor's consent to a Transfer of any interest in this
Agreement or in Developer shall not constitute a waiver of any claims Franchisor may have against
the transferring party, nor shall it be deemed a waiver of Franchisor's right to demand exact
compliance with any of the terms of this Agreement by the transferee.

12.    DEFAULT AND TERMINATION

       12.1 Timely Performance. The rights granted to Developer in this Agreement have been
granted in reliance on Developer's representations and assurances, among others, that the
conditions set forth in this Agreement will be met by Developer in a timely manner.

       12.2 Automatic Termination Without Notice. Developer shall be deemed in default
under this Agreement, and all rights granted herein shall automatically terminate without notice to
Developer, if:



                                                 12
07/18/2025
