14.    RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL

        14.1 Transfer of Developer. If during the term of this Agreement, Developer shall
receive a bona fide offer from a prospective purchaser for any interest in Developer or any GNC
Stores (whether by sale of assets, sale of equity interest, merger, consolidation or otherwise), it
shall first offer the same to Franchisor in writing at the same price and on the same terms or
the monetary equivalent; which offer Franchisor may accept at any time within 30 days after
receipt thereof. If the parties cannot agree on a reasonable monetary equivalent, an independent
appraiser designated by Franchisor shall determine the monetary equivalent and the appraiser’s
determination will be final. If Franchisor declines, or does not within such 30 day period
accept, such offer, then Developer may make such Transfer to such purchaser (provided
Franchisor approves of such purchaser in accordance with Section 11 and subject to compliance
with Section 11), but not at a lower price nor on more favorable terms than have been offered
to Franchisor. If Developer fails to complete such Transfer within 90 days following the refusal
or failure to act by Franchisor, then Developer may not complete such Transfer without first
offering the same to Franchisor again as provided above. In no event shall Developer or any
Principal offer any interest in this Agreement or in Developer or in any Principal for Transfer at
public auction, nor at any time shall an offer be made to the public to Transfer this Agreement
or any interest in Developer or any Principal, through the medium of advertisement, either in the
newspapers or otherwise, without having first obtained the written consent of Franchisor to such
advertisement or publication.

         14.2 Franchise of Additional Stores. Subject to Franchisor’s Retained Rights and to
Franchisor’s rights under Section 11.1, if, for a period of one (1) year after the expiration of this
Agreement, Franchisor identifies within the Development Area a site for development or operation
of a new franchised GNC Store, then Franchisor shall grant to Franchisee the right and option to
franchise such site by providing to Franchisee written notice and a Franchise Agreement for such
site along with Franchisor’s then current Franchise Disclosure Document (“Disclosure
Document”). To exercise its option to franchise the site Franchisor has identified, Franchisee must
execute the Franchise Agreement and Disclosure Document receipt and return both items to
Franchisor with the then-current initial franchise fee on or before expiration of thirty (30) days
from receipt of Franchisor’s notice. If Franchisee does not elect to exercise the option in the
specified manner within such period, or waives its right prior to expiration of such period by
written notice to Franchisor, then Franchisor, or its Affiliate, shall have the right (without any
liability whatsoever to Franchisee) to license such right to another franchisee, and Franchisee’s
right and option to such site shall expire and be of no further force or effect. The right of first
refusal in this Section 14.2 shall not apply to sites identified by Franchisor within the Development
Area that Franchisor or its Affiliates will own and operate themselves as GNC corporate Stores.
This Section 14.2 shall survive the expiration of this Agreement.




                                                 19
07/18/2025
