         (ii)    Property insurance, written on a special form coverage with primary and excess limits of
not less than the full replacement value of your Store(s), their equipment furniture, signs, inventory, and
fixtures. The maximum deductible on this policy will be $10,000; and

        (iii)   Business interruption insurance, in an amount equal to the greater of (i) $250,000, or (ii)
your annual Gross Sales for the preceding calendar year. Such policy shall name us as an additional insured.
The amount of such policy shall be adjusted on an annual basis to reflect the greater of the two amounts
stated above; and

        (iv)    Such other insurance in the types, amounts and other terms and conditions, as may be
required by applicable law or by lease or other relevant contract, including workers’ compensation and
employer’s liability insurance.

         Your lease (or sublease) may also impose certain insurance requirements upon you; the more
restrictive language will apply (e.g., if higher limits are required by us than by the landlord for a certain
type of insurance coverage, our limits will apply for that particular coverage). Your obligation to obtain
and maintain these insurance policies will not be affected by any insurance which we may maintain for us
or our affiliates. After you obtain the required insurance, and on each policy renewal date, you must
promptly give us evidence that you have obtained the required insurance and provide us with proof of
payment and, if we request it, copies of all policies and policy amendments. The evidence of insurance
must include a statement by the insurer that the policy or policies will not be canceled or materially altered
without at least 30 days’ prior written notice to us.

         If for any reason you fail to procure or maintain the insurance required, we will have the right (but
not the obligation) to immediately procure insurance and to charge you with the full cost of that insurance
and up to $500 per location for our reasonable expenses in acquiring the policy or policies. You must pay
this amount immediately after we request it. Failure to timely procure and maintain the required insurance
is a default under your Franchise Agreement.

         We estimate that the required purchases and leases described above represent approximately 95%
of the cost of all purchases and leases by you of goods and services in establishing your franchised business.
We estimate that your ongoing required purchases or leases required to operate the franchised business will
represent approximately 100% of your total purchases or leases.

APPROVAL OF ALTERNATE SUPPLIERS AND VENDORS

        You must purchase or lease all equipment, inventory, fixtures, signage, and other products and
materials required for the operation of your Store from us or suppliers (including distributors,
manufacturers, and other sources) which we approve. We may require you to purchase any or all of the
foregoing items exclusively from us, in our sole discretion. None of our officers owns an interest in any of
our approved third-party suppliers. We may approve or disapprove any supplier (including proposed or
existing suppliers) at any time for any reason.

          In evaluating a supplier or proposed supplier, among the many factors we may consider are the
criteria we use to evaluate products; the supplier’s financial capacity; the supplier’s ability and willingness
to supply all GNC Stores and provide indemnification and insurance to protect us and our franchisees
against claims; the quality of its production facilities; frequency of deliveries; reputation; competitive
position vis-à-vis us and our affiliates; the number and type of claims made against the supplier; its
willingness to promote and support us and our franchisees and other business factors. We have no duty or
obligation to approve a supplier or to continue to approve a supplier even if the supplier satisfies all of these
criteria.

                                                       50
07/18/2025
