        this Agreement and/or Related Agreement, verified by affidavit by or on behalf of Franchisor
        shall have been filed in any such action, it shall not be necessary to file the original Agreement
        and/or Related Agreement as a warrant of attorney or otherwise. No single exercise of the
        foregoing power to confess judgment shall be deemed to exhaust the power, whether or not
        any such exercise shall be held by any court to be valid, voidable, or void, but the power shall
        continue undiminished and it may be exercised from time to time as often as Franchisor shall
        elect, until such time as Franchisor shall have received payment in full of all amounts due,
        interest and late charges, costs, and reasonable attorneys’ fees for collection.

        D.      Forum Selection; Venue. If the Franchisor selects litigation or notwithstanding the
provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, if a court determines that a Franchisee is entitled to
bring and maintain an action against Franchisor in a court of law, then and in that event, the parties
agree that any action brought by Franchisee or any person or Entity claiming through Franchisee
against Franchisor or its Affiliates in any court, whether federal or state, shall be brought and
completed only within the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in the judicial district in which
Franchisor has its principal place of business, provided further that, if there is subject matter
jurisdiction, such action shall only be brought in the federal district courts of the Western District of
Pennsylvania; and the parties expressly waive all objections to personal jurisdiction or venue or that
the forum is inconvenient for the purpose of carrying out this provision. The parties also agree that
Franchisor may bring any action against Franchisee in any court, whether federal or state, within or
outside of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. If Franchisor brings an action or other proceeding
against Franchisee in any state or federal court located within the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania
in the judicial district in which Franchisor has its principal place of business, Franchisee accepts
generally and unconditionally the in personam jurisdiction and venue of the aforesaid courts and
waives any defense of forum non conveniens.

        E.      Waiver of Jury Trial, Punitive Damages and Class Actions.

                 (i)    Franchisor and Franchisee agree that in any litigation, suit, action,
counterclaim, crossclaim or proceeding, whether at law or in equity, which arises out of, concerns,
or relates to this Agreement or any Related Agreement, or any and all transactions contemplated
hereunder or thereunder, the performance of this Agreement or any Related Agreement, or the
relationship between the parties or otherwise, trial shall be by a court of competent jurisdiction and
not by a jury. Franchisor and Franchisee hereby irrevocably waive any right either party may have
to a trial by jury. Either Franchisor or Franchisee may file an original counterpart or a copy of this
Agreement with any court as written evidence of the consent of Franchisor and Franchisee to the
waiver of their right to trial by jury.

                (ii)    Except for actions for trademark, trade dress or trade name infringement or
other infringement or misappropriation of Franchisor’s proprietary rights to any trademark, trade
dress, patent, copyright, trade secret or other proprietary information, Franchisor and Franchisee
hereby waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any right to or claim for multiple, punitive or
exemplary damages against the other and agree that in the event of any action between them, no
party shall seek multiple, punitive or exemplary damages with respect to any claim or cause of action
against the other party, whether in arbitration, mediation or litigation, and each party shall be
limited to the recovery of any actual damages sustained by it and costs and expenses.

           (iii) ANY LITIGATION ACTION SHALL BE BROUGHT ONLY IN A
PARTY’S INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY
PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.            TO THE EXTENT
PERMITTED BY LAW, FRANCHISEE AGREES THAT ANY LITIGATION PROCEEDING
                                   42

07/18/2025
