                                                                                      NORTH DAKOTA


                               STATE OF NORTH DAKOTA
                          ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT


        In recognition of the requirements of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, North Dakota
Century Code §§ 51-19-01 through 51-19-17, and the rules and regulations thereunder, the parties to the
attached GNC HOLDINGS, LLC FRANCHISE AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) agree as follows:

1.     Section 22 of the Agreement contains covenants restricting competition. These covenants will be
       subject to Section 9-08-06, N.D.C.C.

2.     Section 29.B. of the Agreement contains a provision requiring that arbitration be conducted in
       Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Franchisor agrees that the place of arbitration will be a location that is
       in close proximity to the site of the Franchised Business.

3.     Section 29.D. of the Agreement contains a provision requiring that certain litigation must be
       instituted in a court within the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in the judicial district in which
       Franchisor has its principal place of business. Franchisor agrees that jurisdiction and venue for
       litigation claims brought under the Agreement and the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law
       may be in the State of North Dakota.

4.     Section 29.A. of the Agreement contains a provision requiring that the Agreement be governed by
       Pennsylvania law. Franchisor agrees that North Dakota law will govern the Agreement and will
       prevail in the event of any conflict of law.

5.     Sections 21.A. and 29.E. of the Agreement that relate to waiver of jury trial and liquidated damages
       shall not apply to franchises governed by North Dakota law.

6.     To the extent any provision of the Agreement requires Franchisee to consent to a waiver of
       exemplary or punitive damages, these provisions will be deemed null and void.

7.     The requirement in Section 19.G. of the Agreement that a general release be signed as a condition
       of renewal shall not apply to franchises governed by North Dakota law.

8.     The Sections in the Agreement that relate to limitations of claims and payment of costs and
       expenses of enforcement of the Agreement are only applicable to the extent they are not
       inconsistent with North Dakota law. In the event of any inconsistency, North Dakota law will
       control. The statute of limitations under North Dakota law applies.

9.     No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in connection
       with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims
       under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
       reliance on any statement made by Franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of
       Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with
       the franchise.

10.    Each provision of this Addendum will be effective only to the extent, with respect to such provision,
       that the jurisdictional requirements of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law are met
       independently without reference to this Addendum.




07/18/2025
