       Equipment/Technology. You must purchase from us a POS and peripherals and iPad &
       peripherals. The package is custom designed to provide GNC Stores with computer assisted product
       ordering, receiving, transfers and replenishment, price look-up, new item setup, merchandise
       reporting, communication with us related to products and the provision of financial information, as
       well as assisting you in recording normal sales transactions. You are required to have a separate
       computer and printer that meets our minimum specifications to access relevant franchisee
       information and reporting. For a Smoothie Bar, you must purchase from approved suppliers equipment
       consisting of a refrigerator or cooler, 2 freezers (front and back), ice cube maker and filter and at least 2
       blending stations.

       Inventory. You must purchase from us or approved suppliers the products set forth in our current
       Inventory Plan. The Inventory Plan sets forth the required Store layout and design and provides
       for the types of products you must carry, including specific GNC and non-GNC brand products.
       You may also offer and sell any of the other lines of approved merchandise categories (which
       include vitamin and mineral supplements, sports nutrition products, herbs, health foods, beauty
       products, diet products, physical fitness products and apparel and health management products and
       services). The Inventory Plan is subject to change periodically at our sole discretion. Further, for a
       Smoothie Bar, you must purchase inventory and supplies, which includes paper products, fruit, juice,
       supplements and additives, from approved suppliers.

       We may require you to purchase any or all of the inventory for your Store, including GNC brand
       products and non-GNC brand products, exclusively from us. You will purchase most of the
       products that you sell from us through NutriMarket, our custom product ordering platform. We
       also may allow you to purchase approved products from other suppliers and manufacturers we have
       approved in writing. We currently do not sell perishable goods. However, you may carry perishable
       goods with our prior written approval according to our guidelines for purchasing, storing, stocking
       and selling those goods. You may only purchase those food products which we have approved from
       suppliers and manufacturers approved by us. You must notify us of all perishable items which you
       stock by type and supplier or manufacturer. If we disapprove the items or the supplier or the
       manufacturer for any reason, we will notify you and you must immediately cease selling those
       items or purchasing goods from that supplier or manufacturer.

       We are sometimes able to negotiate price reductions from third-party vendors of non-GNC-branded
       products. When we agree on a price reduction, we generally notify you in writing of the terms and
       conditions of receiving the reduction.

       Store Construction. Your Store must be constructed and equipped in accordance with our
       specifications and standards. You may not install or permit others to install, without our prior
       written consent, any fixtures, furnishings, signs, equipment, or other improvements that we have
       not previously approved. Generally, you will engage architectural and engineering consultants
       designated by us to obtain permitting for a standard GNC Store design and prepare architectural,
       electrical and mechanical drawings for the Store. Generally, we will construct and equip your Store
       using contractors designated by us, and we will provide directly to you all necessary fixtures,
       signage and equipment for your Store. For a Smoothie Bar, you will hire a third-party contractor
       to complete construction of the Smoothie Bar, and you will acquire fixtures, signage and equipment
       for the Smoothie Bar from approved suppliers.

       Lease. If you lease your space directly from the landlord, you must include certain provisions
       required by us in your lease. The lease must have a provision which requires the landlord to give
       us notice of your default; a provision that landlord must provide us with copies of all written notices
       of default sent to the tenant; a provision that, should the tenant fail to cure any default, including

                                                       48
07/18/2025
