misleading pricing practices violated three state statutes: California Business and Professional Code
§§17500, et seq.-Untrue, Misleading and Deceptive Advertising; the Consumer Legal Remedies Act,
California Civil Code §§1750 et seq. - Misrepresentation of the Existence of a Discount (Injunctive Relief
Only with Reservation); and California Business and Professional Code §§17200, et seq. - Unlawful
Business Acts and Practices. Plaintiffs sought class certification, a declaratory judgment that defendants’
conduct violated the identified state statutes, unspecified compensatory and punitive damages, prejudgment
interest, restitution and/or disgorgement of profits, injunctive relief, and reasonable attorneys’ fees and
costs. In December 2019, the court approved a settlement agreement in this case, which had previously
been consolidated with the Kaskorkis and Gennock cases above. Defendants agreed to make available the
total amount of $6,000,000 in monetary consideration to create a settlement fund for the benefit of
settlement class members. The settlement fund amount consisted of (i) cash payment of settlement
administration expenses, service payments to each representative plaintiff, class counsel fees and expenses,
and the total aggregate dollar value of all eligible claimants’ cash claims; (ii) issuance of vouchers to eligible
claimants, the aggregate dollar value of which is to be applied as a credit to defendants’ obligation to pay
the settlement fund; and (iii) coupons issued to settlement class members, the aggregate value of which is
to be applied to defendants’ obligation to pay the settlement fund. The settlement class consisted of all
persons who, from January 1, 2012, through the preliminary settlement approval date, purchased any
product on sale or through a promotion from defendants’ website. Settlement class members were entitled
to a one-time coupon for $30 off a $100 purchase through defendants’ website only, and either (i) a cash
payment of $5.00, or (ii) a voucher worth $15.00, which amounts could be adjusted based on the number
of eligible claimants. Plaintiffs agreed to release defendants from all claims relating to plaintiffs’
allegations in the complaints.

         Darren Hartman, Patricia Hartman, Avowood, Inc., and Callamac, Inc. v. General Nutrition
Corporation, GNC Holdings, Inc., and GNC Franchising, Inc. (Court of Common Pleas, Allegheny County,
Pennsylvania, Case No. GD-1-002047). On February 18, 2018, plaintiffs, former GNC franchisees, filed
this lawsuit. Plaintiffs alleged two causes of action, the first for breach of contract and the implied covenant
of good faith and fair dealing. Plaintiff alleged that defendants breached the Franchise Agreement by failing
to develop, promote and protect the goodwill and reputation associated with the defendants’ trade names
and trademarks; by mismanaging defendants on a corporate level; by allowing franchisees to violate the
Franchise Agreements resulting in price undercutting of ethical franchisees; by misrepresenting the nature
of its rewards programs; by failing to compete ethically in the marketplace in violation of the franchise
operations manual; and by failing to comply with applicable laws and regulations as contemplated by the
franchise operations manual and Franchise Disclosure Document. Plaintiffs alleged that defendants’
breaches harmed franchisees by diminishing the value and profitability of their franchised stores. Plaintiffs
also alleged a second cause of action seeking to have the post-termination covenant not to complete in the
Franchise Agreement declared unenforceable.                Plaintiffs sought unspecified compensatory and
consequential damages, pre-judgment and post-judgment interest, attorneys’ fees and costs, a judgment
allowing plaintiffs to rescind their Franchise Agreement and terminate their relationship with franchisor,
and a judgment declaring the non-competition covenant in the Franchise Agreement unenforceable. On or
about April 30, 2019, the parties entered into a Confidential Settlement Agreement and General Release.
Defendants agreed to pay plaintiffs the sum of $160,000, and the parties agreed to mutual general releases.
Plaintiffs agreed that their rights and interests in their franchises were immediately terminated.

         Kwanita Beecham, on behalf of herself and all others similarly situated vs. General Nutrition
Corporation, GNC Holdings, Inc. and GNC Corporation (Superior Court of San Diego, California, Case
No. 37-2018-0006559-CU-MC-CTL). On December 27, 2018, plaintiff filed this putative class action
lawsuit against defendants based on defendants’ alleged false and misleading advertising that its biotin
dietary supplement products provide meaningful hair, skin and nail health benefits. Plaintiff alleged that
defendants knew or should have known that its biotin products did not provide the advertised benefits.
Plaintiffs alleged causes of action against defendants for violation of the California Unfair Competition

                                                       15
07/18/2025
