         F.       Post-Termination Insurance Obligations. Franchisor shall have the option, at its sole
discretion, to require Franchisee to continue the insurance required by this section, or to obtain tail coverage
if applicable, following expiration or termination of this Agreement. Franchisor shall provide Franchisee
written notice if it elects to exercise this option, and Franchisee hereby agrees to obtain the requested
insurance within thirty (30) days of receipt of notice.

        10.      TRAINING.

        A.       Initial Training. As a condition to the right to franchise and operate the Store and prior to
the Store Opening Date, Franchisee, and if Franchisee is not an individual, its Designated Principal, and
Franchisee’s Store Manager must attend and successfully complete to Franchisor’s sole satisfaction
Franchisor’s initial training program consisting of the following:

                (i)      Phase I: Spend forty (40) hours of on-the-job training in a GNC Store operated by
another franchisee, and, in Franchisor’s sole discretion, depending on Franchisee’s experience with GNC
Store operations, spend up to 16 hours visiting other franchised GNC Stores with Franchisee’s Director of
Franchise Operations;

                  (ii)     Phase II: Attend up to a five (5) day training program, which may, depending on
the situation, be held virtually or at Franchisor’s Franchise Support Center in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania or
at another location designated by Franchisor. Phase II training topics include, but are not limited to,
business planning, merchandising, customer service, loss prevention, ordering, receiving merchandise and
payment requirements. Franchisor reserves the right to designate an alternative location for Phase II
training and to change training topics at any time without notice to Franchisee. If performance in training
is poor or attendance is not meeting requirements, in the sole judgment of Franchisor, Franchisee shall be
in default of this Agreement, and Franchisor shall have the option to (a) require Franchisee to repeat Phase
I as well as Phase II training or (b) terminate this Agreement; and

                 (iii)   Phase III: If Franchisee has not previously franchised a GNC Store, Franchisee
must spend up to seven (7) days with a Director of Franchise Operations when the grand opening shipment
is scheduled to be received to set up the Store for opening. If Franchisee has previously franchised a GNC
Store, Franchisee must spend up to five (5) days with a Director of Franchise Operations when the grand
opening shipment is scheduled to be received to set up the Store for opening. Franchisee must also complete
a business plan and budget and review the same with a Director of Franchise Operations prior to the end of
Phase III training.

Franchisor shall provide such instructors and training materials for the initial training program as Franchisor
may deem appropriate. Trainees shall be responsible for any and all other expenses incurred by them in
connection with the initial training program, including the cost of transportation, lodging, meals, and wages.

         B.      Ongoing Training. At Franchisor’s option, any manager subsequently employed by
Franchisee shall attend and complete to Franchisor’s sole satisfaction Franchisor’s initial training program.
In addition, Franchisee, and if Franchisee is not an individual, Franchisee’s Designated Principal, managers
and other employees shall attend such refresher courses, seminars, and other training programs as
Franchisor may require from time to time. All training programs shall be at such times and places as may
be designated by Franchisor. Franchisor shall provide such instructors and training materials for all
required training programs as Franchisor may deem appropriate. Franchisee or its employees shall be
responsible for any and all expenses incurred by them in connection with any training program, including
the cost of transportation, lodging, meals, and wages.


                                                      10

07/18/2025
