                                                                                      NEW YORK


                           STATE OF NEW YORK
                ADDENDUM TO AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT

        In recognition of the requirements of the New York General Business Law, Article 33, the
parties to the attached GNC HOLDINGS, LLC AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT (the
“Agreement”) agree as follows:

1.     Section 11, “TRANSFERS,” Paragraph 11.1, of the Agreement shall be supplemented with
       the following:

       No assignment shall be made except to an assignee, who, in the good faith judgment of
       Franchisor, is willing and possesses the economic resources to fulfill Franchisor’s
       obligations under such Agreement.

2.     Section 11.3(iii) of the Agreement contains a provision requiring a general release as a
       condition of transfer of the Agreement. Such release will exclude claims arising under the
       General Business Law of New York State, Article 33, Sections 680 through 695, and the
       regulations issued thereunder.

3.     Section 20, “APPLICABLE LAW,” Paragraph 20.1, of the Agreement shall be deleted in
       its entirety and shall have no force or effect and the following shall be substituted in lieu
       thereof:

               20.1. Governing Law. This Agreement takes effect upon its acceptance and
       execution by Franchisor, and shall be interpreted and construed under the laws of the
       Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, which laws shall prevail in the event of any conflict of
       law; provided, however, that if any provision of this Agreement would not be enforceable
       under the laws of Pennsylvania and if the Business is located outside of Pennsylvania, and
       further, if such provision would be enforceable under the laws of the state in which the
       Business is located, then such provision shall be interpreted and construed under the laws
       of that state. The foregoing choice of law should not be considered a waiver of any right
       conferred upon Developer by the General Business Law of New York State, Article 33.

4.     Section 20, “APPLICABLE LAW,” of the Agreement shall be supplemented with the
       following paragraph:

              The foregoing choice of law should not be considered a waiver of any right
       conferred upon Developer by the General Business Law of New York State, Article 33.

5.     Section 22, “SEVERABILITY,” of the Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety and shall
       have no force or effect and the following shall be substituted in lieu thereof:

               22.    SEVERABILITY.           Except as expressly provided to the contrary herein,
       each section, part, term, and/or provision of this Agreement shall be considered severable;
       and if, for any reason, determined to be invalid and contrary to, or in conflict with, any
       existing or future law or regulation by a court or agency having valid jurisdiction, such



07/18/2025
