2.   For all Approved Locations, the Protected Territory shall be measured based upon a radius extending
     from the public entrance to the Store (not the mall or strip center entrance). The Protected Territory
     can vary and will usually be drawn so that it does not include any existing shopping mall if a shopping
     mall would otherwise be located within the prescribed area of the Protected Territory. However, the
     Protected Territory specifically excludes existing GNC Stores or locations under franchise, option,
     license, development or lease obligations or GNC Stores to be opened under any agreement with us
     or any of our affiliates, which were negotiated before the Store opens.

3.   We will not establish another franchised or company-owned GNC Store physically located within
     your Protected Territory for one year after your Store has opened, after which you will generally have
     a right of first refusal (see explanation of this right of first refusal below).

        Right of First Refusal

         Subject to our right in the Franchise Agreement to purchase, merge, acquire or affiliate with another
franchise network, chain or business, and to operate, franchise or license those businesses as GNC Stores
operating under the Proprietary Marks or other marks, if, after expiration of the protective period set forth
above, we identify within your Protected Territory a site for a new GNC Store, we will give you notice of
that opportunity, and you will have a right to franchise that location (the “right of first refusal”), if you
execute and return a then current form of our Franchise Agreement and disclosure document receipt, pay
the initial franchise fee within 30 days of receipt of our notice, and open the Store within the Pre-Opening
Period of your Franchise Agreement. If you do not respond within the 30-day notice period, waive your
right to open the Store prior to expiration of the 30-day period, or do not open the Store within the Pre-
Opening Period, we will have the right to develop and operate the site as a company-owned Store or
franchise the site, and your right of first refusal will expire.

        Continuation of Protected Territory

        Our willingness to continue your Protected Territory under the Franchise Agreement does not
depend on whether you achieve a certain sales volume, market penetration, or other contingency; however,
if you have not demonstrated the ability to operate a profitable franchise over the term of your Franchise
Agreement, which generally means that the gross sales of your Store are not adequate for the Store to “break
even” on a profit and loss statement, we may not agree to renew your Franchise Agreement, which means
that your Franchise Agreement and Protected Territory would terminate at the end of the then-current term.
A Store fails to “break even” if all expenses, when subtracted from the Store’s gross revenue, results in net
income of less than zero. (See also Items 5, 6, 7, 8, 10 and 19)

        Area Development Agreement

         Your Franchise Agreement does not grant the right to acquire or open additional franchised
locations. Additional franchised locations may be established if you enter into a Development Agreement
with us. We will grant to you an exclusive Development Area, subject to certain rights we reserve in the
Development Agreement, within which you will have the right to open a certain number of franchised
Stores, provided that you do so within specified time periods. Each new franchised Store opened by you
pursuant to the Development Agreement will be the subject of a separate Franchise Agreement on our then-
current form. During the term of the Development Agreement, we will not open or establish, or grant any
franchisee the right to open or establish, GNC Stores within your Development Area, subject to our right
in the Development Agreement to purchase, merge, acquire or affiliate with another franchise network,
chain or business, and to operate, franchise or license those businesses as GNC Stores operating under the
Proprietary Marks or other marks. You may establish your GNC Stores at any location within the
Development Area, provided we consent to the location, which consent may be withheld or granted in our

                                                     67
07/18/2025
