operation of the Franchised Business, the implementation of which may require the expenditure of
additional sums of money by Franchisee. Franchisee agrees to comply immediately (or by such later time
as Franchisor may allow) with all new or changed policies, procedures or standards that are mandatory.
Franchisee shall at all times ensure that its copy of the Manuals is kept current and up to date. In the event
of any dispute as to the contents of the Manuals, the terms of the master copy of the Manuals maintained
by Franchisor at Franchisor’s home office shall be controlling.

16.     ACCOUNTING AND RECORDS.

         A.       Records. Franchisee shall maintain and preserve for at least five (5) years from the dates
of their preparation, all cash register tapes and full, complete, and accurate books, records, and accounts in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and in the form and manner prescribed by
Franchisor from time to time in the Manuals or otherwise in writing. Franchisee shall record all Gross Sales
immediately at the time of sale and at the actual price charged to the customer on POS Systems approved
by Franchisor which have a sealed and continuous tape which cumulates and consecutively numbers all
purchases. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that if Franchisor is required or permitted by statute, rule,
regulation or any other legal requirement to disclose any information regarding Franchisee or the operation
of the Store, including earnings or other financial information, Franchisor shall be entitled to disclose such
information. Franchisor also shall be entitled to use any such information in connection with the business
of Franchisor or its Affiliates. In addition, Franchisee hereby expressly authorizes Franchisor to disclose
any such information to its agents and potential purchasers (and their employees, agents and
representatives) of Franchisor in connection with the sale or transfer of any equity interests or assets of
Franchisor or any merger, reorganization or similar restructuring of Franchisor.

         B.      Periodic Reports. On or before the twelfth (12th) day of each Period, Franchisee shall
submit to Franchisor, in the manner and form prescribed by Franchisor in the Manuals or otherwise in
writing, such reports as Franchisor may prescribe, all relating to Franchisee’s business activities during the
preceding Period, including copies of Franchisee’s daily business log reports, periodic sales and royalty
reports, periodic activity reports, and periodic advertising expenditure and contribution reports, and such
other information as Franchisor may require relating to the operations of the Franchised Business during
the preceding Period.

         C.      Miscellaneous. Franchisee shall also submit to Franchisor, for review or auditing, such
other forms, reports, records, bank statements, cash register tapes, information, and data as Franchisor may
reasonably require, including Franchisee’s federal and state income tax returns, sales and employment tax
returns and evidence of payment of any such taxes required by local law, in the form and at the times and
places reasonably designated by Franchisor, upon request and as specified from time to time in the Manuals
or otherwise in writing. In addition, Franchisee shall submit to Franchisor certain weekly and monthly
information, data and reports as requested by Franchisor including fully completed cash disbursement, cash
receipts, gross-to-net payroll, and accounts payable report forms, direct purchase reports and bank
statements. Such records, forms and reports shall be in the form determined by Franchisor from time to
time. All such reports and data shall be signed by Franchisee attesting that they are true and correct.

        D.       Audit. Franchisor or its designated agents shall have the right at all reasonable times to
examine and copy, at Franchisor’s expense, the books, records, and business tax returns of Franchisee.
Franchisor shall also have the right, at any time, to have an independent audit made of the books of
Franchisee. If an audit should reveal that any Gross Sales have been understated in any report to Franchisor,
then Franchisee shall immediately upon demand pay to Franchisor all royalties and advertising
contributions due on the amount understated, in addition to interest from the date such royalties and
advertising contributions were due until paid, at the rate of one and one-half percent (1 1/2%) per month,
or the maximum rate permitted by law, whichever is less. If an audit discloses an understatement of three
                                                     18

07/18/2025
