             executing the release, and that, if known by him or her, would have materially
             affected his or her settlement with the debtor or released party.

        The undersigned acknowledges there is a risk that, after the execution of this General Release, the
undersigned will discover, incur, or suffer claims which are unknown or unanticipated at the time of
execution of this General Release and which, if known by the undersigned at the time of execution, may
have materially affected the undersigned’s decision to execute this General Release. Nevertheless, the
undersigned agrees that the undersigned intends to assume, and is assuming, the risk of such unknown or
unanticipated Claims, and that the Releasing Parties’ release of the Released Parties set forth in this General
Release shall apply to any and all such Claims. Neither the undersigned nor any other Releasing Party has
assigned, transferred or purported to assign or transfer to any other person or entity any of the Claims or
any portion thereof or interest therein and agrees to indemnify, defend and hold the Released Parties
harmless from and against any and all Claims based on or arising out of any such assignment or transfer or
purported assignment or transfer.

         This General Release shall be binding upon the undersigned and the other Releasing Parties, and
their heirs, successors and legal representatives. This General Release excludes Claims arising from any
representations in the Franchise Disclosure Document, or its exhibits or amendments, provided by
Franchisor to the undersigned in connection with the Franchise Agreement. This General Release is not
intended as a waiver of those rights of the undersigned which cannot be waived under applicable state
franchise laws nor is it intended to release any Released Party from liability, if any, imposed by the
Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. This General Release shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania without regard to its conflicts
of law provisions.

       It is the express intention of the undersigned and Franchisor that this General Release be as
broad as permitted by law.

        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have duly executed and delivered this General Release
as of «LongDate».

                                                         ENTITY:

                                                         «Entity»
                                                           Franchisee

                                                           By:
                                                           «Fran1»
                                                           «Title1»

                                                           By:
                                                           «Fran2»
                                                           «Title2»

                                                           INDIVIDUAL(S):

                                                           Signature:
                                                           «Fran1», individually

                                                           Signature:
                                                           «Fran2», individually


07/18/2025
