        4.      On Franchisor’s request, Guarantor will promptly deliver to Franchisor complete and
current financial statements and tax returns and such other financial information about Guarantor as
Franchisor may reasonably request. Guarantor further agrees to keep Franchisor fully informed on all
aspects of Franchisee’s financial condition and the performance of Franchisee’s obligations to Franchisor
and that Franchisor has no duty to disclose to Guarantor any information pertaining to Franchisee or to
notify Guarantor of Franchisee’s default under the Franchise Agreement or any Related Agreement.

        5.       No failure or delay on Franchisor’s part in exercising any power or privilege hereunder
will impair any such power, right or privilege or be construed as a waiver of or an acquiescence therein.
No terms or provisions of this Guarantee may be changed, waived, revoked, or amended without
Franchisor’s prior written consent. Should any provision of this Guarantee be determined by a court of
competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, all of the other provisions will remain effective. This Guarantee
embodies the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the matters set forth herein and
supersedes all prior agreements among the parties with respect to the matters set forth herein.

          6.      Each Guarantor hereby jointly and severally holds harmless, and agrees to defend, protect,
and indemnify Franchisor from any actions, causes of action, liabilities, damages, losses, and fees
(including attorneys’ fees) and all other claims of every nature which may arise as a result of any dispute
between or among any of Guarantor and any other persons or entities. Franchisor may assign this Guarantee
without in any way affecting Guarantor’s liability. This Guarantee will inure to the benefit of Franchisor,
its affiliates and their successors and assigns and will bind Guarantor and Guarantor’s heirs, executors,
administrators, successors, and assigns. This Guarantee is executed in accordance with, and pursuant to,
the terms of the Franchise Agreement and any default hereunder will be a default under the Franchise
Agreement.

         7.      This Guarantee shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, the law of which shall prevail in the event of any conflict of law. If,
however, any provision of this Guarantee would not be enforceable under the laws of Pennsylvania, and if
the GNC Store is located outside of Pennsylvania and the provision would be enforceable under the laws
of the state in which the GNC Store is located, then the provision in question (and only that provision) will
be interpreted and construed under the laws of that state. Nothing in this section is intended to invoke the
application of any franchise, business opportunity, antitrust, “implied covenant,” unfair competition,
fiduciary or any other doctrine of law of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania or any other state which would
not otherwise apply absent this paragraph.

         8.      Guarantor agrees that any action brought by Guarantor against Franchisor in any court,
whether federal or state, shall be brought only within the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in the judicial
district in which Franchisor has its principal place of business, provided further that, if there is subject
matter jurisdiction, such action shall only be brought in the federal district courts of the Western District of
Pennsylvania; and the parties waive all questions of personal jurisdiction or venue for the purpose of
carrying out this provision. Guarantor also agrees that the Franchisor may, in its sole discretion, bring any
action against the Guarantor in any court, whether federal or state, within either a) the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania; or b) in any jurisdiction in which the Guarantor resides or owns property. If the Franchisor
brings an action against Guarantor in any state or federal court located within the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania in the judicial district in which Franchisor has its principal place of business, Guarantor
accepts generally and unconditionally the jurisdiction and venue of the aforesaid courts and waives any
defense of forum non conveniens.

     9.    FRANCHISOR AND GUARANTOR AGREE THAT IN ANY LITIGATION, SUIT,
ACTION, COUNTERCLAIM, OR PROCEEDING, WHETHER AT LAW OR IN EQUITY, WHICH


07/18/2025
