Supplements) to various third-party brick-and-mortar retail stores, and we may at any time pursue and enter
into additional distribution/wholesaling relationships with third-party brick-and-mortar retail stores. These
stores may be located within your Protected Territory, and they may offer for sale the same or similar
products offered by you, including GNC Brand Supplements, at varying prices. See Item 12 for more
information.

INDUSTRY-SPECIFIC REGULATIONS

        In addition to laws and regulations that apply to businesses generally, such as workers’
compensation, corporate, and tax laws, you will be subject to certain federal, state, and local laws and
regulations that affect the storage, offer, and sale of many products in your Store, which may include rules
and regulations of the Federal Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”), the Consumer Product Safety
Commission (“CPSC”), and the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”), and if you carry foods, local health
departments. There may be other local laws and regulations that are not mentioned in this disclosure
document. The FDA and FTC rules and regulations may constrain the advertising or representations you
can make about products and prohibit you from selling certain products, in some cases because of
statements on their labels or advertising associated with those products.

        You must comply with all applicable FDA requirements contained in the Federal Food, Drug, and
Cosmetic Act and any similar state law concerning the sale of vitamins, proteins, beauty products, drugs,
foods, food supplements, medical devices, and other goods or services offered for sale at your Store. You
must also obtain all certifications, permits, or other licenses that are necessary for you to operate your Store.
You should become generally familiar with the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and any similar state
law.

OUR BUSINESS EXPERIENCE AND BUSINESS EXPERIENCE OF OUR PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES

        We and our predecessors have offered franchises similar to the franchise we are offering in this
disclosure document since 1987. Our immediate predecessor, General Nutrition Corporation, offered GNC
Store franchises similar to the franchise we are offering in this disclosure document, and operated all
company-owned Stores, from January 1, 2009 to October 7, 2020, when its assets were sold to us (see Item
4 for more information). We have been operating company-owned Stores since October 7, 2020 and have
been offering GNC Store franchises in the United States since February 9, 2021.

        We and our predecessors have manufactured and sold vitamins and other health-management
products since 1935, and have distributed these products to franchisees and company-owned stores since
1993. We own and operate our company-owned Stores in the United States, under the names “GNC,”
“General Nutrition Centers,” and “GNC Live Well,” all of which specialize in the sale of health, wellness
and performance products, such as vitamins and mineral supplements, sports nutrition products, herbs,
health foods, beauty and miscellaneous healthcare products, diet products, physical fitness products,
specialty workout apparel, health-management products, and related products. The GNC Stores operated
by us and our predecessors are the same as, or similar to, the franchise offered in this disclosure document.

         We and our predecessors have offered franchises and Development and Distribution Agreements
similar to the franchise offered in this disclosure document in countries and territories outside the United
States since 1989.

        Neither we nor our predecessors have offered franchises in any other lines of business.




                                                       5
07/18/2025
