                                                                                                   ILLINOIS


                                   STATE OF ILLINOIS
                            ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

       In recognition of the requirements of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act of 1987, Ill. Comp. Stat.,
Chapter 815, §§ 705/1 through 705/44 (the “Act”), the parties to the attached GNC HOLDINGS, LLC
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) agree as follows:

1.      Sections 6.E., 18.B.(ii)(c) and 19.G. of the Agreement each contain a provision requiring a general
        release as a condition of relocation, transfer or renewal of the franchise. Such release will exclude
        claims arising under the Act.

2.      Illinois law governs the Agreement.

3.      Sections 19 and 20 of the Agreement as they relate to non-renewal and termination are only
        applicable to the extent they are not inconsistent with the Act. In the event of any inconsistency,
        the Act will control. Franchisee’s rights upon termination and non-renewal are set forth in sections
        19 and 20 of the Act.

4.      Franchisor and Franchisee acknowledge, and reference is hereby made to, Sections 705/4 and
        705/41 of the Act, which provide as follows:

                Sec. 4. Jurisdiction and Venue. Any provision in a franchise agreement that designates
                jurisdiction or venue in a forum outside of the State of Illinois is void, provided that a
                franchise agreement may provide for arbitration in a forum outside of the State of Illinois.

                Sec. 41. Waivers Void. Any condition, stipulation, or provision purporting to bind any
                person acquiring any franchise to waive compliance with any provision of this Act or any
                other law of this State is void. This Section shall not prevent any person from entering into
                a settlement agreement or executing a general release regarding a potential or actual lawsuit
                filed under any of the provisions of this Act, nor shall it prevent the arbitration of any claim
                pursuant to the provisions of Title 9 of the United States Code.

5.      Section 33 of the Agreement, titled “Acknowledgments,” is hereby deleted in its entirety.

6.      No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in connection
        with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims
        under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
        reliance on any statement made by Franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of
        Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with
        the franchise.

7.      Each provision of this Addendum shall be effective only to the extent, with respect to each such
        provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act are met
        independently without reference to this Addendum.

8.      Except as otherwise provided in this Addendum, all the other terms, covenants and agreements in
        the Agreement shall remain the same, and the Agreement, as amended, shall continue in full force
        and effect. To the extent this Addendum is inconsistent with any terms or conditions of the
        Agreement or the Attachments thereto, the terms of this Addendum shall govern.




07/18/2025
