                                           GNC HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES

                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




NOTE 2. BASIS OF PRESENTATION, SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, AND RECENTLY
ADOPTED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

Basis of Presentation

         The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements and Footnotes have been prepared by the Company in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP"). The Company's annual reporting period
is based on a calendar year. Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current period presentation.

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

          Principles of Consolidation. The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of the Company and all of
its subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

         Use of Estimates. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make
estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Management bases these
estimates on assumptions that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates
under different assumptions or conditions.

         Cash and Cash Equivalents. The Company considers cash and cash equivalents to include all cash and liquid deposits
and investments with an original maturity of three months or less. Payments due from banks for third-party credit and debit cards
generally process within 24 to 72 hours, and are classified as cash equivalents.

          Restricted Cash. The Company is required to maintain cash deposits with the Bank of China restricted in accordance
with provisions of the Initial Term Loan agreement. Refer to Note 7. "Debt / Interest Expense" for further detail regarding the
Initial Term Loan. The Company also maintains cash deposits as collateral for letters of credit which are restricted under a cash
collateral agreement.

        The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash to amounts shown in the
statement of cash flows:

                                                                       December 31, 2024          December 31, 2023
                                                                                      (in thousands)
               Cash and cash equivalents                          $                 46,179    $                 51,912
               Restricted cash                                                      16,869                      17,915
               Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash   $                 63,048    $                 69,827

         Receivables, net. The Company extends credit terms for sales of product to its franchisees and wholesale partners.
Receivables consist principally of unpaid invoices for product sales, franchisee royalties and sublease payments. Franchisees
secure financing from lending institutions, which include but are not limited to the small business administration and national
banks with franchise programs. These loans generally require the Company to subordinate its first lien position on inventory and
furniture and fixtures at predetermined amounts.

          The Company's franchise and wholesale revenues are billed with varying terms for payment. An allowance for credit
losses is established based on the aging of the accounts receivable balances, financial condition of franchisees and other third-
party customers, historical write-off experience and current and future economic and market conditions. In addition to assessing
the financial condition of its franchisees, the Company considers collateral including inventory and fixed assets for domestic
franchisees and letters of credit for international franchisees.




                                                                  13
