                 (iii) All sums paid by Franchisee to the Fund shall be maintained in an account separate
from the other monies of Franchisor. Franchisor or its designee shall maintain separate bookkeeping
accounts for the Fund.

                (iv)     It is anticipated that all contributions to and earnings of the Fund generally will be
expended for advertising and/or promotional purposes during the taxable year within which the
contributions and earnings are received. If, however, excess amounts remain in the Fund at the end of such
taxable year, all expenditures in the following taxable year(s) shall be made first out of accumulated
earnings from previous years, next out of contributions from previous years, next out of current earnings,
and finally from current contributions.

                (v)      The Fund is not and shall not be an asset of Franchisor or its designee. An
unaudited report of the operations of the Fund as shown on the books of the Fund shall be prepared annually
by Franchisor and shall be made available to Franchisee upon request.

                 (vi)    Although the Fund is intended to be of perpetual duration, Franchisor maintains
the right to terminate the Fund. The Fund shall not be terminated, however, until all monies in the Fund
have been expended for advertising, set aside for future contracted advertising commitments and/or
promotional purposes or returned to contributors on the basis of their respective contributions.

                 (vii)    The expenditure of Fund monies is to be under the control of, and in the sole
discretion of, Franchisor or its designee at all times. Franchisor reserves the right to forgive any payments
due to the Fund by any franchisee and to, at its option, allow franchisees to spend monies due to the Fund
on local advertising. Franchisor will not be liable for any act or omission with respect to the Fund that is
consistent with this Agreement and done in good faith. Except as expressly provided in this Section 17,
Franchisor assumes no direct or indirect liability or obligation to Franchisee with respect to the
maintenance, direction or administration of the Fund. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that Franchisor
is not operating or acting as a trustee or fiduciary with respect to the Fund.

         B.      Co-operative/Local Advertising Fee. Franchisor shall have the right, in its discretion, to
establish an advertising co-operative or a local advertising expenditure requirement at any time in the future
upon notice to Franchisee. If such a co-operative is established, Franchisor shall have the right to require
Franchisee’s participation in said co-operative and to require Franchisee to sign any co-operative
advertising agreement it deems necessary.

        C.      Promotional Materials. Franchisor shall make available to Franchisee from time to time,
at Franchisee’s expense in such amounts to cover Franchisor’s direct costs, advertising plans and
promotional materials, including newspaper mats, coupons, merchandising materials, sales aids, point-of-
purchase materials, special promotions, direct mail materials, community relations programs, and similar
advertising and promotional materials.

        D.       Advertising Standards. All advertising and Media communications by Franchisee in any
medium shall be conducted in a dignified manner, shall be completely truthful, accurate, and not
misleading, shall comply with the highest ethical standards applicable to advertising generally and the
business in particular, shall comply with all federal, state, and local laws and regulations, including rules
and regulations of the FDA, the FTC, and all applicable consumer protection agencies and bureaus, and
shall conform to such standards and requirements as Franchisor may specify from time to time in the
Manuals or otherwise in writing.

        E.      Telephone Directory Listing/Advertisements. Listings and advertisements in local
telephone directories obtained by Franchisee, if any, shall be in the form, size, and type of directory
                                                      20

07/18/2025
