in any jurisdiction in which the subleased Premises is located. If Sublessor brings an action against
Sublessee in any state or federal court so located, Sublessee accepts generally and unconditionally
the jurisdiction and venue of the aforesaid courts and waives any defense of forum non conveniens.

       19. Successors and Assigns

        The covenants, conditions and agreements contained in this Sublease shall bind and insure
to the benefit of Sublessor and Sublessee and their respective successors and legal representatives
and, except as otherwise provided in this Sublease, their assigns. Sublessee shall not have the right
to assign this Sublease to a corporation controlled by Sublessee without Sublessor’s written
consent. In the event Sublessor consents to such assignment, Sublessee shall remain liable on this
Sublease. All issued shares of such corporation must be pledged to Sublessor.

       20. Severability

        If any term or provision, or any portion thereof of this Sublease, or the application thereof
to any person or circumstances shall, to any extent, be invalid or unenforceable, or would cause
this transaction to be construed as other than a sublease, the remainder of this Sublease, or the
other application of such term or provision, shall not be affected thereby, and each term and
provision of this Sublease shall be valid and enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law.

       21. Overlease

       Provided Sublessee duly and punctually performs its obligations set forth in this Sublease,
Sublessor expressly agrees to perform and conform to the terms, covenants and conditions of the
Overlease. All capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings in the Overlease.

       22. Entire Agreement

        There are no representations, covenants, warranties, promises, agreements, conditions or
undertakings, oral or written, between Sublessor and Sublessee other than herein set forth;
provided, that nothing in this Sublease is intended to disclaim the representations made in
Sublessor’s Franchise Disclosure Document. Except as herein otherwise provided, no subsequent
alteration, amendment, change or addition to this Sublease shall be binding upon Sublessor or
Sublessee unless in writing and signed by both parties.

       23. Modifications

        Sublessor hereby reserves the right to periodically prescribe specific restrictions and
requirements upon the Sublessee with regard to the day-to-day operations of the store, including,
but not limited to, the hours of operation, delivery of product and security requirements.

       IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Sublessor and Sublessee have caused this Sublease to be
executed and delivered the day and year first above written.




07/18/2025
