        23.2 Indemnification. Developer agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Franchisor, its
Affiliates, and their respective shareholders, officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and
assignees (the “Indemnified Parties”) from and against any and all claims, obligations, lawsuits,
demands, investigations, damages, losses and liabilities arising directly or indirectly from, as a
result of, or in connection with Developer’s ownership or operation of the Business or breach of
this Agreement, as well as the costs, including attorneys’ fees and court costs, of defending against
them. However, Franchisee shall not be required to indemnify Franchisor for any claims to the
extent arising out of the gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the Franchisor. Franchisor
has the exclusive right to defend any such claim. Under no circumstances will Franchisor or any
other Indemnified Party be required to seek recovery from any insurer or other third party, or
otherwise mitigate its or their losses and expenses, in order to maintain and recover fully a claim
against Developer.

24.    DELEGATION BY FRANCHISOR

        Franchisor shall have the right to delegate performance of any or all of its obligations and
duties hereunder. Developer hereby agrees to such delegation.

25.    NO RIGHT OF SET OFF

         Developer agrees that it will not set off or withhold payment of any amounts it owes
Franchisor on the grounds of Franchisor’s alleged nonperformance of any of Franchisor’s
obligations under this Agreement or for any other reason. Developer agrees that all such claims
will, if not otherwise resolved, be submitted to arbitration as provided in Section 20.

26.    ENTIRE AGREEMENT

        This Agreement and any addendum, schedule or exhibit attached hereto contains the
entire agreement between the parties hereto relating to the subject matter hereof and no
representations, inducements, promises, agreements, arrangements or undertakings, oral or
written, have been made by the parties other than those set forth herein; provided, that nothing in
this Agreement is intended to disclaim the representations made in the Franchise Disclosure
Document provided by Franchisor to Developer. By entering into this Agreement, Developer
expressly consents to transact business with Franchisor electronically and that, consistent with the
Uniform Electronic Transactions Act and all other applicable state and federal laws, this
Agreement, any Related Agreement, and any attachments and addenda to any of them may be
executed by electronic signatures, including through use of DocuSign or any other electronic
signature program. The parties to this Agreement agree that (i) the parties’ electronic signatures
are intended to authenticate the writing and to have the same force and effect as the use of manual
signatures, and (ii) an electronically signed version of this Agreement, any Related Agreement,
and any attachments or addenda to any of them shall constitute an original for all purposes. No
agreement altering, changing, waiving or modifying any of the terms and conditions of this
Agreement shall be binding upon either party unless and until the same is made in writing and
executed by all of the parties. This Agreement may not be amended or supplemented by a course
of conduct. This Agreement shall not be effective unless fully executed by Developer and

                                                 25
07/18/2025
