        (iii) the landlord will provide Franchisor the right to enter the leased premises to take such
        necessary reasonable actions to protect Franchisor’s proprietary marks and franchise system;

        (iv) should the tenant fail to cure any default asserted by the landlord, including abandonment of
        the leased premises, the landlord will notify Franchisor in writing of its intention to terminate the
        lease prior to the landlord exercising such right to terminate; and

        (v) the landlord will allow Franchisor to enter the leased premises at a time chosen by Franchisor
        to take possession of all fixtures, furniture, equipment and inventory in which Franchisor or its
        affiliates have a security interest.

           Franchisee acknowledges that time is of the essence, and that if it has not already done so,
Franchisee must provide to Franchisor a copy of the fully-executed lease within thirty (30) days of
execution. Franchisee must also submit any amendment to the lease for the Approved Location within
thirty (30) days of execution. If Franchisee will be subleasing the Approved Location from Franchisor,
Franchisee must sign the sublease, and if not signed electronically, provide a copy of the signed sublease
to Franchisor, within thirty (30) days of Franchisee’s receipt of the sublease. Franchisee acknowledges that
construction or remodeling of the Store will not begin until Franchisor has received a fully executed copy
of the lease (or sublease, if applicable) for the Approved Location. Franchisee acknowledges that all costs
associated with the lease negotiations, lease review, and Store construction are Franchisee’s sole
responsibility. Franchisee also acknowledges that it is Franchisee’s sole responsibility to ensure that the
lease requirements set forth in this Section 7 are met. Franchisee also acknowledges that the term of
Franchisee’s lease or sublease may be different than the Franchise Term (whether shorter or longer), and
that it is the sole responsibility of Franchisee to maintain the right to possess the Approved Location for the
entire Franchise Term. If the lease requirements set forth in this Section 7 are not met, or if Franchisee
loses the right to possession of the Approved Location during the Franchise Term, Franchisee will be in
default under this Agreement.

        8.       CONSTRUCTION.

         A.     Architectural and Engineering Consultants. Unless Franchisor has approved otherwise in
writing, Franchisee agrees to use, at Franchisee’s expense, the architectural and engineering consultants
designated by Franchisor to obtain permitting for a standard GNC Store design and to prepare architectural,
electrical and mechanical drawings for the Store. Upon Franchisor’s prior written approval, Franchisee
may engage, at Franchisee’s expense, its own architectural and engineering consultants to obtain permitting
for a standard GNC Store design and to prepare architectural, electrical and mechanical drawings for the
Store. Any such drawings prepared by Franchisee’s own architectural and engineering consultants must
comply with applicable governmental building codes and regulations.

         B.      Construction by Franchisor. Unless Franchisor has approved otherwise in writing,
Franchisor will perform, at Franchisee’s expense, all construction, renovation, refurbishing, and remodeling
of the Store. If Franchisor constructs or performs any renovation, refurbishing or remodeling of the Store,
Franchisor will turn over custody and control of the Store to Franchisee upon substantial completion of
construction or renovation, refurbishing or remodeling, provided that Franchisee is not then in breach of
this Agreement. Franchisee accepts the premises “AS IS” and agrees to pay for the construction,
renovation, refurbishing or remodeling of the Store according to the invoices for such cost within fifteen
(15) days of receipt of any invoice therefor or in such other manner as directed by Franchisor (which may
include payment in stages during the construction, renovation, refurbishing or remodeling process). Such
cost will include contractor’s charges, costs for architectural and engineering consultants, costs of surveys,
permits and certifications, and the cost of all materials, equipment and fixtures.
                                                       7

07/18/2025
