         C.       Actions not Deemed Acceptance. Franchisee agrees that any contact by Franchisor with
third-party landlords, lenders, vendors, contractors or other third parties taken individually or collectively
shall not constitute Franchisor’s acceptance of the site, or any obligation to Franchisee or to any third party.
The acquisition in any manner of any proposed site, or entry into any obligation with respect thereto, prior
to acceptance in writing by Franchisor, shall be at the sole risk and responsibility of Franchisee and shall
not obligate Franchisor in any way. Further, Franchisor will not lend money, provide financing or otherwise
become directly or indirectly involved with third-party landlords, lenders, vendors, contractors, or other
third parties. Each of these activities and undertakings shall be the exclusive responsibility of Franchisee,
financially and otherwise.

         D.      Protected Territory. Subject to Franchisor’s Retained Rights and to Franchisor’s rights
under Section 18.A., Franchisor shall not itself operate, nor grant a franchise for the operation of, another
GNC Store, within the Protected Territory during the Protective Period. Subject to Franchisor’s Retained
Rights and to Franchisor’s rights under Section 18.A., if, after expiration of the Protective Period,
Franchisor identifies within the Protected Territory a site for development or operation of a new GNC Store,
then Franchisor shall grant to Franchisee the right and option to franchise such site by providing to
Franchisee written notice and a Franchise Agreement for such site along with Franchisor’s then current
Franchise Disclosure Document (“Disclosure Document”). To exercise its option to franchise the site
Franchisor has identified, Franchisee must execute the Franchise Agreement and Disclosure Document
receipt and return both items to Franchisor with the then-current initial franchise fee on or before expiration
of thirty (30) days from receipt of Franchisor’s notice. If Franchisee does not elect to exercise the option
in the specified manner within such period, or waives its right prior to expiration of such period by written
notice to Franchisor, then Franchisor, or its Affiliate, shall have the right (without any liability whatsoever
to Franchisee) to develop and operate such site or to license such right to another party, including other
franchisees, and Franchisee’s right and option to such site shall expire and be of no further force or effect.

         E.      Relocation. If Franchisee is unable to continue operation of its GNC Store at the Approved
Location due to an act of God (including but not limited to fire, flood, or earthquake) or due to extreme
hardship or other circumstances approved by Franchisor in its sole discretion, Franchisee may request in
writing permission to relocate its GNC Store, provided that Franchisor may reduce, alter, or eliminate the
Protected Territory in connection with any such relocation. Franchisee must obtain Franchisor’s prior
written approval before Franchisee can relocate its GNC Store, which approval shall be at the sole discretion
of Franchisor, and Franchisee and its Principals must sign a general release and any other required
documents in the forms required by Franchisor and pay to Franchisor a relocation fee in the amount of
$10,000, or such other amount as Franchisor may establish from time to time in its sole discretion, to cover
Franchisor’s administrative and other costs in processing the relocation. Franchisee agrees to comply with
Sections 5.A., 6, 7, 8 and 9 hereof in connection with any proposed relocation of Franchisee’s Store.

        7.       LEASING. If Franchisee does not own the Approved Location, Franchisee acknowledges
that it must lease the Approved Location directly from the third-party owner. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if Franchisor is already leasing the Approved Location, or under other circumstances acceptable
to Franchisor, Franchisor may, in its sole discretion, allow Franchisee to sublease the Approved Location
from Franchisor. Franchisee represents and warrants to Franchisor that, if Franchisee is directly leasing
(and not subleasing) the Approved Location, the lease for the Approved Location does not include any
radius restrictions for GNC Stores or any protected territory provisions, and further that the lease for the
Approved Location includes the following provisions:
        (i) the landlord will provide notice to Franchisor upon the occurrence of any default by the tenant;

        (ii) the landlord will provide Franchisor with copies of all written notices of default sent to the
        tenant;

                                                       6

07/18/2025
