                                                                                        HAWAII


                            STATE OF HAWAII
                ADDENDUM TO AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT

       In recognition of the requirements of the Hawaii Franchise Investment Law, Hawaii Rev.
Stat. §§ 482E, et seq., the parties to the attached GNC HOLDINGS, LLC AREA
DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) agree as follows:

1.     Section 11.3(iii) of the Agreement contains a provision requiring a general release as a
       condition of transfer of the Agreement. Such release will exclude claims arising under the
       Hawaii Franchise Investment Law.

2.     Sections 11 and 12 as they relate to transfer and termination are applicable to the extent
       they are not inconsistent with the Hawaii Franchise Investment Law. Otherwise, the
       Hawaii Franchise Investment Law will control.

3.     No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed by Developer in connection with
       the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
       claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii)
       disclaiming reliance on any statement by Franchisor, any franchise seller, or other person
       acting on behalf of Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document
       executed in connection with the franchise.

4.     Each provision of this Addendum will be effective only to the extent, with respect to such
       provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the Hawaii Franchise Investment Law are
       met independently without reference to this Addendum.

5.     Except as otherwise provided in this Addendum, all the other terms, covenants and
       agreements in the Agreement shall remain the same, and the Agreement, as amended, shall
       continue in full force and effect. To the extent this Addendum is inconsistent with any
       terms or conditions of the Agreement or the exhibits thereto, the terms of this Addendum
       shall govern.



                                   [Signature Page Follows]




07/18/2025
