         B.      Direct Marketing Restriction. Franchisee may solicit and sell to any customers at the
Approved Location, provided, however, that Franchisee acknowledges that the license granted herein is
limited to the operation of a retail GNC Store for sales only at the Approved Location. Unless specifically
permitted by Franchisor in writing, Franchisee shall not operate a mail order, direct mail, catalog,
telemarketing, wholesale, exporting, distribution, direct sales, direct marketing or similar business,
including through the use of the Internet, including through eBay or social media and social networking
sites such as Twitter and Facebook, which permits customers to purchase and receive products or services
without being present at the Approved Location. Franchisor may, in its sole discretion, permit Franchisee
to maintain a social media presence for the Store, provided that Franchisee, and its Affiliates, employees,
and store associates comply at all times with any requirements and guidelines established by Franchisor
regarding social media accounts. Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor and its Affiliates, and other
franchisees and licensees, also may solicit and sell to any customers wherever located. Franchisee shall
have no rights to such sales by Franchisor, its Affiliates or other franchisees or licensees. For purposes of
this Agreement, “wholesale” or “wholesaling” shall mean when the Franchisee sells, transfers or conveys,
or transacts to sell, transfer or convey, Products to any person or entity that it knows, should know or has
reason to suspect will resell such Products; provided that it shall not mean bona fide transfers of Products
between GNC franchisees made in the ordinary course of business from a retail GNC Store and which allow
a franchisee to satisfy the legitimate needs of a retail customer. Franchisor may, in its sole discretion, allow
Franchisee to sell Products outside of the Approved Location (e.g., at certain events held away from the
Store), but Franchisee must receive prior written approval from Franchisor before making Product sales
outside of the Approved Location, which approval may contain specific conditions or restrictions.

          C.     Retained Rights. The license granted to Franchisee is expressly limited to the terms of
Section 2.A. Franchisor and its Affiliates retain all other rights, including the Retained Rights, without any
liability whatsoever to Franchisee and without granting Franchisee any rights therein.

        3.       FRANCHISE TERM. The Franchise Term shall be as follows:

         A.        Initial Term. If this is the Initial Term, as indicated on the Selected Term Summary, the
Franchise Term shall commence on the Store Opening Date and end on the fifth (5th) anniversary of the
Store Opening Date. Franchisee acknowledges that, although the Initial Term does not commence until the
Store Opening Date, Franchisee’s obligations under this Agreement commence on the Agreement Date,
except to the extent that those obligations expressly relate to the period after the Store Opening Date.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Franchisee is leasing or subleasing the Store premises, and the remaining
term of the lease or sublease is shorter than the Initial Term, then Franchisor may, in its sole discretion,
adjust the Initial Term of this Agreement to match the term of the lease or sublease. In such case, Franchisor
may, in its sole discretion, charge an Initial Franchise Fee that is less than the fee that would otherwise be
charged to Franchisee for the Initial Term.

         B.      Renewal Term. If this is a Renewal Term, as indicated on the Selected Term Summary,
the Franchise Term shall commence on the expiration date of the Initial Term, the immediately preceding
Renewal Term, or the Transfer Term, as the case may be (the “Renewal Commencement Date”), and end
on the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Renewal Commencement Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if
Franchisee is leasing or subleasing the Store premises, and the remaining term of the lease or sublease is
shorter than the Renewal Term, then Franchisor may, in its sole discretion, adjust the Renewal Term of this
Agreement to match the term of the lease or sublease. In such case, Franchisor may, in its sole discretion,
charge a Renewal Fee that is less than the fee that would otherwise be charged to Franchisee for the Renewal
Term.

        C.      Transfer Term. This Section 3.C. shall apply if this Agreement is being executed by a
transferee Franchisee in connection with a Transfer of the Store. The Franchise Term for the Franchisee
                                                       2

07/18/2025
