                                                   ITEM 10

                                                FINANCING

        We do not offer direct or indirect financing. We do not guarantee any note, lease or any other
obligation you may incur. We do not finance ongoing Store operations, nor do we finance any new or
existing franchisees that purchase existing franchised Stores.

SECURITY AGREEMENTS

         In the Franchise Agreement and Product Sales Agreement, you grant us a security interest in certain
assets of your GNC Store to secure timely payment of amounts due under the Franchise Agreement, Product
Sales Agreement, and related agreements. We may file a UCC-1 financing statement upon execution of
the Franchise Agreement and Product Sales Agreement, giving us a first position security interest in those
assets (See Franchise Agreement, Section 12.Q. and Product Sales Agreement, Section 2).

SUBORDINATION

         We may agree to subordinate our security interest described in the Franchise Agreement and
Product Sales Agreement to facilitate your procurement of any financing, but we are not required to do so.
If we agree to subordinate our security interest, we may also lower your credit limit to 50% of your current
limit and if you elect, exempt you from GNFS. The decision to subordinate our security interest is in our
sole discretion, and we may not agree. (See “Revolving Credit Line” below for more information.)

REVOLVING CREDIT LINE

         We may in our sole discretion extend credit to qualified franchisees for the ongoing purchase of
inventory. The amount of credit you would receive is based upon your creditworthiness as evaluated by us
in our sole discretion and whether or not we have subordinated our security interest in your fixtures,
furniture, equipment or inventory. Generally, the credit we will extend is based on the following formula:
(1.5 x average monthly gross sales over a rolling 12-month period) + (average monthly royalties and
advertising fees paid over a rolling 12-month period). The payment period is currently net50, which means
that you must pay an invoice within 50 days of the invoice date. There is no interest rate associated with
this revolving credit line. We reserve the right to adjust or terminate your credit at any time in our sole
discretion. In addition, we reserve the right to place a “credit hold” on product orders, including in situations
where you exceed your credit limit, which may result in a delay of the processing of your product order
(for more details, you may refer to the Franchise Operations Manual). Furthermore, once the credit limit is
reached, or if you are placed on credit hold, subsequent product orders may require payment on a “cash-in-
advance” basis. In addition, if you qualify for this program, you must sign the Product Sales Agreement in
the form attached as Exhibit G. We may file a UCC financing statement upon execution of the Product
Sales Agreement, giving us a first position security interest in your fixtures, equipment and inventory.
(Product Sales Agreement, Section 2). If you do not timely pay for your product purchases, we can
immediately terminate the Product Sales Agreement and accelerate the maturity of the entire amount due,
repossess and/or sell any collateral securing payment of amounts due, and terminate your Franchise
Agreement. You are also obligated to pay our costs and attorneys’ fees incurred in collecting the amounts
due in the event of a default.

GUARANTEE

       We require all of our franchisees and their spouses to personally guarantee that any and all amounts
due and owing to us or our affiliates will be paid in accordance with the terms disclosed in our Franchise

                                                       54
07/18/2025
