                                                 ITEM 16

                   RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL

         You may sell only products and services which we have approved and which conform with our
standards and specifications. You must offer GNC Brand Supplements and other products for sale as
described in Item 8. We may also require you to offer products jointly developed by us or our affiliates at
some time in the future. We retain the right to change the types of authorized goods and services you may
offer at any time. There are no limits on this right. Any products you sell must conform to our standards
and specifications, be approved by us and fall within one of the following categories: vitamins, beauty
products, health foods, diet products, physical fitness products, smoothies, health management products
and services, and other categories of goods and services as we may periodically add to the System. We
may disapprove of any supplier or product for any reason or no reason, even if they meet our standards.

         We do not designate or restrict the customers to whom you may sell goods and services. However,
your customers must purchase or receive products or services only at the Approved Location. Furthermore,
you must not operate a telemarketing, Internet, mail order, direct mail, catalog, wholesaling, direct sales,
export or similar business which permits customers to purchase and receive products or services without
being present at the Approved Location. We do not restrict the goods and services you can offer for sale
on the basis of your failing to meet certain defined sales results. You generally will have sole discretion to
determine the prices you will charge to customers for the goods and services; provided that, to the fullest
extent allowed by law, we will have the right to establish minimum and/or maximum prices for any product
or service which you offer.




                                                     75
07/18/2025
