                                                   ITEM 3

                                               LITIGATION

OUR PENDING ACTIONS

         ONI Global Pte. Ltd. (Singapore and Philippines), et al. v. GNC Holdings, LLC, International
Centre for Dispute Resolution, American Arbitration Association, Case No. 01-22-0002-2259; Case. No.
01-22-0002-2885. On or about May 31, 2022, the claimants, international GNC franchisees, filed two
arbitration demands for GNC’s alleged breach of Distribution Agreements and related agreements
involving operations in Singapore and the Philippines. Shortly thereafter, claimants attempted to terminate
the agreements on account of our alleged material and anticipatory breaches. GNC unilaterally filed its
own demands for arbitration for ONI’s conversion of GNC franchise stores in Singapore and the Philippines
to claimants’ own, competing “LAC” brand stores. Claimants are seeking full relief for GNC’s alleged
multiple breaches and anticipatory repudiation of the agreements, including a declaration that claimants
were entitled to terminate the agreements; a declaration that the post-termination provisions of the
Agreement were discharged by our alleged material breaches and anticipatory repudiation of the agreements
or are otherwise inapplicable and/or unenforceable; and compensation for the claimants’ substantial losses
in an amount to be quantified in the course of arbitration proceedings. On June 15, 2022, we filed an
amended answer and counterclaims, including for breach of contract. We are seeking a permanent
injunction to prevent claimants from operating GNC-franchised retail stores in Singapore and the
Philippines and from using our confidential information and trade secrets, and to compel them to transfer
store leases to us or our designee. We are also seeking monetary damages, punitive damages, and attorneys’
fees and costs. The arbitration hearing was held in October, 2023, and closing arguments were held in
February, 2024. The Tribunal found in our favor. We were awarded monetary damages for Claimant’s
breaches. We recently filed an enforcement action to enforce our award in Court.

          ONI Global (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd. and ONI Retail PTE Ltd. Taiwan Branch v. GNC Holdings, LLC,
International Centre for Dispute Resolution, American Arbitration Association, Case No. 01-21-0004-3516.
On or about June 19, 2021, the claimants, international GNC franchisees, filed a demand for arbitration for
wrongful termination of claimants’ distribution and development agreements for the territories of Malaysia
and Taiwan and their 133 franchise agreements for GNC stores in Malaysia and Taiwan. Prior to filing the
demand, we had terminated all of claimants’ distribution, development and franchise agreements for
claimants’ failure to meet certain contractually required minimum purchase amounts under the distribution
agreements. Shortly thereafter, claimants attempted to terminate the agreements on account of our alleged
material and anticipatory breaches. Claimants allege that we arbitrarily and wrongfully terminated their
agreements, and that this was a material breach and/or anticipatory repudiation of their agreements.
Claimants are seeking a declaration that the termination breached the agreements and/or the implied duty
of good faith and fair dealing; a declaration that our alleged breach was a material and/or anticipatory breach
of the agreements; a declaration that claimants were either entitled to terminate the agreements for material
breach or were discharged from their obligations under the agreements; a declaration that we are liable in
tort for conspiring with others to injure claimants; an order for unspecified damages, losses, and costs
incurred by claimants; and an order for interest on all damages. On November 24, 2021, we filed an
amended answer and counterclaims alleging breach of contract; violations of the Lanham Act (for
claimants’ infringement of our trademarks); abuse of process and bad faith litigation; unjust enrichment;
tortious interference with contractual relations; and tortious interference with prospective contractual
relations. We are seeking a permanent injunction to prevent claimants from operating GNC-franchised
retail stores in Malaysia and Taiwan and from using our confidential information and trade secrets, and to
compel them to transfer and sell their store leases and products to us or our designee. We are also seeking
monetary damages, punitive damages, and attorneys’ fees and costs. The arbitration tribunal found in our
favor in Taiwan, but found that we did not meet our burden in Malaysia. We were awarded monetary

                                                      9
07/18/2025
