                                                                                                MARYLAND


                                  STATE OF MARYLAND
                           ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT


      In recognition of the requirements of the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law,
Md. Code Bus. Reg. §§ 14-201 through 14-233, the parties to the attached GNC HOLDINGS, LLC
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) agree as follows:

1.     The general release language required as a condition of relocation, renewal, sale and/or assignment
       or transfer shall apply except for claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and
       Disclosure Law. A copy of the form of general release required by Sections 6.E., 18.B.(ii)(c) and
       19.G. is attached hereto as Schedule A.

2.     Although under certain circumstances the Agreement requires Franchisee to submit to a court
       proceeding or arbitration in the state where Franchisor’s principal place of business is located,
       Franchisor agrees that litigation claims brought under the Maryland Franchise Registration and
       Disclosure Law may be brought in any court of competent jurisdiction in the State of Maryland.

3.     Any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law may be brought
       within three (3) years after the grant of the franchise.

4.     No representation or acknowledgment by the Franchisee in the Agreement is intended to or shall
       act as a release, assignment, novation, waiver or estoppel to relieve any person of any liability
       incurred under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.

5.     The Agreement provides that disputes are resolved through arbitration. A Maryland franchise
       regulation states that it is an unfair or deceptive practice to require a franchisee to waive its right to
       file a lawsuit in Maryland claiming a violation of the Maryland Franchise Registration and
       Disclosure Law. In light of the Federal Arbitration Act, there is some dispute as to whether this
       forum selection requirement is legally enforceable.

6.     Franchisor agrees to defer payment of the Initial Franchise Fee (and other initial payments that
       would be considered franchise fees under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure
       Law) by Franchisee to Franchisor or its Affiliates until such time as Franchisor has met all of
       Franchisor’s pre-opening obligations under the Agreement and Franchisee has opened the
       Franchised Business. At such time that Franchisor has met all of its pre-opening obligations under
       the Agreement and Franchisee has opened the Franchised Business, all deferred fees and payments
       shall be immediately due and payable by Franchisee to Franchisor. The Maryland Attorney
       General’s Office imposed this deferral requirement.

7.     Section 33 of the Agreement, titled “Acknowledgments,” is hereby deleted in its entirety.

8.     No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection
       with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims
       under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
       reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf
       of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in
       connection with the franchise.




07/18/2025
