       a new franchisee. If you are an existing franchisee or an employee of ours, the initial franchise fee
       is $15,000 for a Conversion Store. See Item 5 for the conditions when this fee is refundable. We
       may also require you to pay us a franchise security deposit in the amount of Two Thousand Five
       Hundred Dollars ($2,500). This deposit will be held by us until the expiration or termination of the
       Franchise Agreement, in which event the deposit will either (i) be returned to you within 60 days
       after expiration or termination, if you do not have any outstanding payment obligations to us under
       the Franchise Agreement or any related agreement, or (ii) be applied to any outstanding payment
       obligations to us under the Franchise Agreement or any related agreement (and the balance, if any,
       will be returned to you within 60 days after expiration or termination). We are not obligated to pay
       you interest on the security deposit.

4.     The equipment/technology we currently require you to purchase from us is as follows: POS and
       peripherals and iPad and peripherals. The cost of the system will be at market pricing, and the
       current cost for this system is approximately $3,500 to $7,000 depending upon your register lane
       count. These costs do not include taxes or shipping charges. Because technology is constantly
       evolving, your POS system (including the hardware) will be an ongoing investment, and we may
       require you to upgrade hardware at any time, which we estimate to be every 3-5 years. When
       discounted pricing can be obtained, we will pass the savings on to you. You must sign the P.O.S.
       License Agreement located in Exhibit J of this disclosure document, and pay the maintenance fees
       which are described in Item 6.

       We also require you to purchase a PC and printer so that you may participate in our Franchise
       Portal, a secure web site that allows you to receive company news; communicate to franchisees
       electronically; pose questions to us or our affiliates; search on-line libraries for information on
       products, pricing, marketing and operations; customize and print our newest camera-ready local
       marketing materials; participate in on-line business building sessions with us, other franchisees,
       and outside vendors; send messages and information to the Franchise Support Center; train your
       employees, and other functions we may develop from time to time. We do not charge a fee for the
       Franchise Portal; however, to participate in the program, you must have access to the Internet. We
       reserve the right to charge a fee for the Franchise Portal at any time in the future upon notice to
       you.

       If we allow you to include a Smoothie Bar in your Store, you must acquire from approved suppliers
       equipment consisting of 2 freezers (one for the front, and one for the back room), a refrigerator unit, and
       ice cube maker and filter, as well as 2 blender stations. These Smoothie Bar equipment cost estimates do
       not include taxes or shipping charges.

5.     All GNC Stores are required to have approved exterior signs featuring our trademarks to identify
       the location. Exterior signage includes, but is not limited to, illuminated channel letters, pylon signs
       or under canopy signs. You must acquire any interior signs for the Smoothie Bar from approved
       suppliers. Manufacturing and installation of signage must adhere to landlord and local regulations.
       All exterior signage must be approved by GNC’s Design Team prior to installation.

6.     Fixtures include, but are not limited to, the wall units, cash wrap, gondolas, track lighting, accent
       lighting, and refrigerators. The Smoothie Bar contains a separate cash wrap, lighting and wall unit. You
       must acquire Smoothie Bar fixtures from approved suppliers.

7.     Generally, we will construct your Store. We will charge you for the construction costs of the Store,
       as well as a Project Management Fee for construction oversight. Included in the construction costs
       are estimated costs to build out the Store. The cost will vary depending on the location and
       condition of the premises, the type of Store you will franchise, the requirements of the landlord for

                                                      37
07/18/2025
