                                        GNC HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES

                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




          The Company regularly reviews deferred tax assets. The review is to ascertain that, based upon all the information
available at the time of the preparation of the financial statements, it is more likely than not that the Company expects to utilize
these deferred tax assets in the future. If the Company determines that it is more likely than not that these deferred tax assets will
not be utilized, a valuation allowance is recorded, reducing the deferred tax asset to the amount expected to be realized. In
assessing the need for a valuation allowance, the Company considers all available positive and negative evidence, including the
Company’s operating results, reversals of deferred tax liabilities, and forecasts of future taxable income on a jurisdiction-by-
jurisdiction basis. The Company has placed a valuation allowance on the remainder of the deferred tax assets generated in the
United States. The Company is in a 3-year cumulative loss position and will not be able to utilize these deferred tax assets in the
near future. In addition, a full valuation allowance has been recorded related to the net operating losses generated in Canada,
China, and Mexico. As a result, the valuation allowance increased by $57.0 million.

         Net operating losses in China will expire in 2027. Net operating losses in Canada will expire in 2040. Net operating
losses in Mexico will expire in 2033. Research and Development and Work Opportunity Tax Credits generated in the United
States will expire in 2040. Foreign tax credits generated in the United States will expire in 2030.

         The Company’s foreign subsidiaries generate earnings that are not subject to U.S. to incremental taxes so long as they
are permanently reinvested in its operations outside of the U.S. Pursuant to ASC 740-30, undistributed earnings of foreign
subsidiaries that are no longer permanently reinvested would become subject to deferred income taxes. The Company does not
have any material undistributed earnings of international subsidiaries at December 31, 2024 as these subsidiaries are considered
to be branches for United States tax purposes, to have incurred cumulative NOLs, or to have only minimal undistributed earnings.

          As of December 31, 2024, an uncertain tax position was booked in the amount of $0.1 million related to apportionment
positions taken on the 2021 state tax returns. Management believes no additional reserves are required for unrecognized tax
benefits for the year ended December 31, 2024.




                                                                 23
