        assistance as we may deem advisable, and such on-site evaluations as we may deem advisable in
        response to your requests for site approval. (Development Agreement – Section 8.1)

OBLIGATIONS WE MUST MEET WHILE YOU OPERATE YOUR FRANCHISE

        During the operation of your GNC Store, we will:

1)      Make available to you our standard specifications for fixtures, furnishings and signs necessary to
        operate a typical Store. (Franchise Agreement - Section 13.A)

2)      Make available at your expense additional training programs and refresher courses that we decide
        are appropriate. (Franchise Agreement - Section 13.B)

3)      Periodically prepare and offer to you advertising and promotional materials for the Store.
        (Franchise Agreement - Section 17.C) You must pay for these advertising and promotional
        materials.

4)      If you elect to participate in GNFS, we will provide monthly financial services at your expense.
        (Franchise Agreement - Section 16.E)

5)      Provide initial and continuing advisory assistance to assist you in operating the Store, including
        periodic advice and materials on new sales and marketing developments and operational
        techniques, and periodic newsletters and bulletins regarding the System. (Franchise Agreement -
        Section 13.D) You must permit us or our agents to enter your Store at any reasonable time to
        conduct inspections. (Franchise Agreement - Section 12.J)

6)      Review and approve advertising which you have submitted to us. (Franchise Agreement - Section
        17.F)

7)      Provide suggested prices for the products that you sell in your Store, but we do not have any
        contractual obligations to assist you in establishing prices. You generally have the right to sell
        products at any prices you may determine. However, to the fullest extent permitted by law, we
        have the right to establish minimum and/or maximum prices for any product or service that you
        offer.

ADVERTISING

         We have established the National Advertising and Promotional Fund (the “Fund”) to facilitate
advertising for the franchise system. We are obligated to maintain and administer the Fund. The Fund is
used to meet all costs of maintaining, administering, directing, and preparing advertising and promotional
activities. We are responsible for conducting all advertising, promotional and marketing programs for
national and regional coverage, and make all decisions regarding concepts, materials and media. We use
television, radio and print advertising media, as well social and electronic media, to conduct advertising.
Media coverage is generally national and regional. We have an in-house marketing department, but we
also may use advertising agencies and consultants. We create and distribute the materials you will use for
advertising, conduct market research, and organize public relations activities.

        All franchisees contribute to the Fund at the same rate, which is currently 3% of total gross sales
(although we reserve the right to increase or decrease this fee from time to time on thirty (30) days’ prior
written notice to franchisees). GNC Stores owned and operated by us are not required to contribute to the
Fund; however, we or our affiliates may in our sole discretion elect to contribute to the Fund. We are not


                                                    57
07/18/2025
