                                                                                                INDIANA


                                  STATE OF INDIANA
                          ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT


       In recognition of the requirements of the Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Law, Indiana Code
§§ 23-2-2.7-1 through 23-2-2.7-10, and the Indiana Franchise Disclosure Law, Indiana Code §§ 23-2-2-
2.5-1 through 23-2-2-2.5-51, the parties to the attached GNC HOLDINGS, LLC FRANCHISE
AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) agree as follows:

1.     If any of the provisions of the Agreement concerning termination and non-renewal, governing law,
       venue for litigation or arbitration, modification, covenants not to compete or any limitations period
       on the time in which claims may be brought are inconsistent with either the Indiana Deceptive
       Franchise Practices Law or the Indiana Franchise Disclosure Law, then such laws will apply to the
       extent inconsistent with the terms of the Agreement.

2.     Sections 6.E., 18.B.(ii)(c) and 19.G. of the Agreement each contain a provision requiring a general
       release as a condition to relocation, transfer or renewal of the franchise. Each provision is
       inapplicable to the extent inconsistent with the Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Law, IC §
       23-2-2.7-1(5).

3.     No representation or acknowledgment by the Franchisee in the Agreement is intended to or shall
       act as a release, assignment, novation, waiver or estoppel to deprive the Franchisee of the rights
       and protections provided in the Indiana Franchise Disclosure Law or to relieve any person of any
       liability under the Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Law.

4.     No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in connection
       with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims
       under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
       reliance on any statement made by Franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of
       Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with
       the franchise.

5.     Each of the provisions of this Addendum will be effective only to the extent, with respect to such
       provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the Indiana Franchise Disclosure Law and the
       Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Act are met independently without reference to this
       Addendum.

6.     Except as otherwise provided in this Addendum, all the other terms, covenants and agreements in
       the Agreement shall remain the same, and the Agreement, as amended, shall continue in full force
       and effect. To the extent this Addendum is inconsistent with any terms or conditions of the
       Agreement or the Attachments thereto, the terms of this Addendum shall govern.

                                        [Signature Page Follows]




07/18/2025
