Developer accepts the premises “AS IS” and agrees to pay for the construction of the Store
according to the invoices for such cost within fifteen (15) days of receipt of any invoice therefor
or in such other manner as directed by Franchisor (which may include payment in stages during
the construction process). Such cost will include contractor’s charges, costs for architectural and
engineering consultants, costs of surveys, permits and certifications, and the cost of all materials,
equipment and fixtures.

        7.3     Construction by Developer. Upon Franchisor’s prior written approval, Developer
may construct, at its expense, one or more Stores hereunder in accordance with Franchisor’s plans,
standards and specifications. Developer agrees that the Store and any real estate controlled by
Developer and appurtenant to the Store must be designed, laid out, constructed, furnished, and
equipped to meet Franchisor’s plans, standards, and specifications, and Developer must satisfy any
conditions to Franchisor’s approval of the same. Any deviations from Franchisor’s plans,
specifications, and requirements must have Franchisor’s prior written approval. Any plans that
Franchisor provides to Developer, and Franchisor’s approval of any plans Developer submits,
relate solely to compliance with Franchisor’s specifications and standards and should not be
construed as a representation or warranty that the plans comply with applicable laws and
regulations. At Franchisor’s written request, Developer must promptly correct any unapproved
deviations from Franchisor’s plans, standards, and requirements for the construction of any Store.

        7.4     Construction Generally. In all circumstances, Developer agrees to pay to
Franchisor a project management fee, to be determined by Franchisor in its sole discretion, for
construction project management services, which fee will be payable prior to commencement of
construction of each Store hereunder. This project management fee offsets Franchisor’s in-house
costs for ordering, logistics, coordination, fixture layout, bidding, and carrying costs for materials.
Developer also agrees to pay any additional fees and costs for any design and engineering in
addition to a standard GNC Store design. All costs and fees described in this Section 7 are non-
refundable once paid.

      8.      DUTIES OF THE PARTIES

        8.1    Franchisor’s Obligations. Franchisor shall furnish to Developer such site selection
counseling and assistance as Franchisor may deem advisable, and such on-site evaluations as
Franchisor may deem advisable in response to Developer's requests for site approval. Developer
shall reimburse Franchisor for all reasonable expenses incurred by Franchisor in connection with
requested on-site evaluations, including, the costs of travel, lodging, and meals.

        8.2   Entity Requirements. A Developer which is an Entity shall comply, except as
otherwise approved in writing by Franchisor, with the following requirements throughout the term
of this Agreement:

               (i)      Developer shall confine its activities, and its Governing Documents shall at
all times provide, that its activities are confined exclusively to the management and operation of
the GNC franchise business, including the development and establishment of the GNC Stores.

               (ii)    Developer shall furnish Franchisor its Governing Documents, and any other

                                                  7
07/18/2025
