                                        GNC HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES

                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




The allowance for credit losses related to trade accounts receivables at December 31, 2024 and 2023 was $1.4 million and $1.7
million, respectively.

          Inventory. Inventory consists of only finished product. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value
on a first in/first out basis ("FIFO"). Inventory is recorded net of obsolescence, shrinkage and vendor allowances for product
costs. The Company regularly reviews its inventory levels in order to identify slow moving and short dated products, using factors
such as amount of inventory on hand, remaining shelf life, current and expected market conditions, historical trends and the
likelihood of recovering the inventory costs based on anticipated demand.

          Property, Plant and Equipment. Property, plant and equipment expenditures are recorded at cost. Depreciation and
amortization are recognized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the assets. The estimated useful lives
are as follows:


                                         Building                                  30 yrs
                                         Machinery and equipment                   3-10 yrs
                                         Building and leasehold improvements       1-15 yrs
                                         Furniture and fixtures                    5-8 yrs
                                         Software                                  3-5 yrs


         Building improvements are depreciated over their estimated useful life or the remaining useful life of the related building,
whichever period is shorter. Improvements to leased premises are depreciated over the estimated useful life of the improvements
or the related leases including renewals that are reasonably assured, whichever period is shorter. Expenditures that materially
increase the value or clearly extend the useful life of property, plant and equipment are capitalized while repair and maintenance
costs incurred in the normal course of operations are expensed as incurred.

         Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Asset. Goodwill is allocated to the Company's reporting units, which are at
or below the level of an operating segment as defined by Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 280, Segment Reporting.
The Company evaluates the carrying amount of goodwill for each of its reporting units annually in the fourth quarter. In addition,
the Company performs an evaluation on an interim basis if it determines that recent events or prevailing conditions indicate a
potential impairment of goodwill. A significant amount of judgment is involved in determining whether an indicator of
impairment has occurred between annual impairment tests. These indicators include, but are not limited to, overall financial
performance such as adverse changes in recent forecasts of operating results, industry and market considerations, updated
business plans and regulatory and legal developments. When the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an
impairment charge is recorded for the difference as an operating expense in the period incurred. For the years ended December
31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, no goodwill impairment was recorded.

         The Company's indefinite-lived intangible brand asset is also evaluated annually in the fourth quarter for impairment
and on an interim basis if events or changes in circumstances between annual tests indicate that the asset might be impaired. If
the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the
difference. For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, no impairment was recorded for the indefinite-lived
intangible brand asset.

         Impairment of Long-Lived Assets. The Company evaluates whether the carrying values of property, plant and
equipment, right-of-use assets and definite-lived intangible assets have been impaired whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable based on estimated undiscounted future cash flows.
Factors that may trigger an impairment review include significant changes in the intended use of assets, significant negative




                                                                  14
