                                                                                         RHODE ISLAND


                                STATE OF RHODE ISLAND
                           ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

        In recognition of the requirements of the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act, §§ 19-28.1-1
through 19-28.1-34, the parties to the attached GNC HOLDINGS, LLC FRANCHISE AGREEMENT (the
“Agreement”) agree as follows:

1.     Sections 6.E., 18.B.(ii)(c) and 19.G. of the Agreement each contain a provision requiring a general
       release as a condition of relocation, renewal and transfer of the franchise. Such release will exclude
       claims arising under the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act.

2.     § 19-28.1-14 of the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act provides that “a provision in a franchise
       agreement restricting jurisdiction or venue to a forum outside this state or requiring the application
       of the laws of another state is void with respect to a claim otherwise enforceable under this Act.”
       To the extent that the provisions of Section 29.A. and 29.D conflict with the Rhode Island Franchise
       Investment Act, such provisions are void under § 19-28.1-14 with respect to a claim otherwise
       enforceable under the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act.

3.     Section 19-28.1-15 of the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act provides that “a condition,
       stipulation or provision requiring a franchisee to waive compliance with or relieving a person of a
       duty of liability imposed by or a right provided by this Act or a rule or order under this Act is void.
       An acknowledgement provision, disclaimer or integration clause or a provision having a similar
       effect in a franchise agreement does not negate or act to remove from judicial review any statement,
       misrepresentations or action that would violate this Act or a rule or order under this Act.” If the
       Franchisee is required in the Agreement to execute a release of claims or to acknowledge facts that
       would negate or remove from judicial review any statement, misrepresentation or action that would
       violate the Act, or a rule or order under the Act, such release shall exclude claims arising under the
       Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act, and such acknowledgments shall be void with respect to
       claims under the Act.

4.     Section 33 of the Agreement, titled “Acknowledgments,” is hereby deleted in its entirety.

5.     No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in connection
       with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims
       under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
       reliance on any statement made by Franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of
       Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with
       the franchise.

6.     Each provision of this Addendum will be effective only to the extent, with respect to such provision,
       that the jurisdictional requirements of the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act are met
       independently without reference to this Addendum

7.     Except as otherwise provided in this Addendum, all the other terms, covenants and agreements in
       the Agreement shall remain the same, and the Agreement, as amended, shall continue in full force
       and effect. To the extent this Addendum is inconsistent with any terms or conditions of the
       Agreement or the Attachments thereto, the terms of this Addendum shall govern.




07/18/2025
