       or under canopy signs. You must acquire any interior signs for a Smoothie Bar from approved suppliers.
       Manufacturing and installation of signage must adhere to landlord and local regulations.

5.     Fixtures include, but are not limited to, the wall units, cash wrap, gondolas, track lighting, accent
       lighting, and refrigerators. The Smoothie Bar contains a separate cash wrap, lighting and wall unit. You
       must acquire Smoothie Bar fixtures from approved suppliers.

6.     Generally, we will construct your Store. We will charge you for the construction costs for the
       Store, as well as a Project Management Fee for construction oversight. Included in the construction
       costs are estimated costs to build out the Store. The cost will vary depending on the location and
       condition of the premises, the type of Store you will franchise, the requirements of the landlord for
       the Store location, and the building code requirements of your area. Shipping and installation costs
       are included in the construction estimates. Construction includes installation of all the materials to
       build out the Store such as acoustical ceiling and flooring materials, plumbing, fixtures, HVAC,
       electrical, and drywall. Other construction costs you may incur include lighting, props (pieces used
       in Stores for visual effects and decoration), floor (if not already installed, wood flooring or ceramic
       tile), graphics (interior signage and photos), and miscellaneous items (plexiglass sign holders, etc.).
       You must engage a third-party contractor for construction of a Smoothie Bar in the Store.

       As-is locations are sites which are leased in their present condition. This might mean that the
       previous tenant has removed fixtures, etc. Vanilla shell locations are sites where the space may
       have been prepared by the landlord with electrical service, 2 x 4 light fixtures, 2 x 4 acoustical
       ceiling tiles, plumbing, drywall and HVAC. Thus, leasing a vanilla shell space will generally
       decrease your initial investment because the site is ready for the installation of fixtures, flooring,
       cashwrap and additional electrical items.

7.     We may require payments in stages during the construction process for the Store (for the estimated
       costs of inventory, signage, equipment, fixtures, and construction costs for the Store). For example,
       we may require 34% of the estimated costs at the time the building permit is received, 33% of the
       estimated costs at the start of construction, and the balance of the costs when construction is
       completed.

8.     You will be required to engage architectural and engineering consultants to prepare stamped
       architectural drawings and obtain permitting for a standard GNC Store design. These consultants
       will prepare architectural, electrical and mechanical drawings that must comply with applicable
       governmental building codes and regulations. Generally, you will engage architectural and
       engineering consultants designated by us, and we will pass through those consultant expenses to
       you. In our sole discretion, we may allow you to engage your own architectural and engineering
       consultants. You may incur additional fees for any design and engineering in addition to a standard
       GNC Store design (e.g., addition of a Smoothie Bar).

9.     You must pay us a $5,000 project management fee for oversight of the construction of your Store.
       This fee offsets our in-house costs for ordering, logistics, coordination, fixture layout, bidding, and
       carrying costs for materials and fixture package. If we allow you to incorporate a Smoothie Bar
       into your Store, you may also be required to pay us an additional management fee for construction
       of the Smoothie Bar, which will vary depending on the scope of work and the level of engagement
       by our construction team.

10.    Opening inventory includes a supply of inventory items with a wholesale cost of approximately
       $80,000 to $85,000 for a New Franchise Store. Your store at all times must maintain its opening
       order inventory value to ensure an adequate stock of inventory. At a minimum to not be at risk for

                                                     45
07/18/2025
