claim or action, or the expiration of such earlier limitations period as may be prescribed by
applicable law, or such claim or action shall be barred; provided, however, that this time limitation
shall not apply to unperformed financial obligations of Developer to Franchisor or indemnity
obligations relating to third party claims of creditors or claimants against the Business.

       20.7. Cumulative Remedies. No right or remedy conferred upon or reserved to
Franchisor or Developer by this Agreement is intended to be, nor shall be deemed, exclusive of
any other right or remedy herein or by law or equity provided or permitted, but each shall be
cumulative of every other right or remedy.

        20.8. Attorneys’ Fees and Costs. In any litigation, mediation, arbitration, or other legal
action relating to or in connection with the Business, this Agreement or the relationship between
the parties, to the extent Franchisor is the prevailing party, Franchisor shall be entitled to recover
its reasonable costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, paralegal fees, investigative costs, and
court costs incurred in connection therewith, whether such costs, fees and expenses are incurred
before or at trial, on appeal, during any insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings, during any post-
judgment collection proceedings, or otherwise, from Developer.

21.    WAIVER

        No waiver, delay, omission or forbearance on the part of Franchisor to exercise any right,
option, duty or power arising from any default or breach by Developer shall affect or impair the
rights of Franchisor with respect to any subsequent default of the same or a different kind; nor
shall any delay or omission of Franchisor to exercise any right arising from any such default
affect or impair Franchisor’s rights as to such default or any future default.

22.    SEVERABILITY

       If any term, restriction or covenant of this Agreement is deemed invalid or unenforceable,
all other terms, restrictions and covenants and the application thereof to all persons and
circumstances subject hereto shall remain unaffected to the extent permitted by law; and if any
application of any term, restriction or covenant to any person or circumstance is deemed invalid
or unenforceable, the application of such terms, restriction or covenant to other persons and
circumstances shall remain unaffected to the extent permitted by law.

23.    RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES; INDEMNIFICATION

        23.1 Independent Contractor. It is the express intention of the parties hereto that
Developer is and shall be an independent contractor under this Agreement, and no partnership,
joint venture, fiduciary relationship or other special relationship shall exist between Developer
and Franchisor. This Agreement does not constitute Developer as the agent, legal
representative or employee of Franchisor for any purpose whatsoever, and Developer is not
granted any right or authority to assume or create any obligation for or on behalf of, or in the
name of, Franchisor or in any way to bind Franchisor. Developer agrees not to incur or contract
for any debt or obligation on behalf of the Franchisor, or commit any act, make any representation
or advertise in any manner, which may adversely affect any right of Franchisor, or be detrimental
to the good name and reputation of Franchisor or any other developers of Franchisor.
                                                 24
07/18/2025
