              (ii)   neither the distance nor the length of time of the post-termination covenant
not to compete in any Franchise Agreement shall be increased from those set forth in the Initial
Franchise Agreement;

         Developer must comply with Franchisor’s then-current franchising policies and procedures
for execution of each Franchise Agreement. Franchisor shall be under no obligation to execute a
Franchise Agreement unless Developer has complied in a timely manner with all of the terms and
conditions of this Agreement and has satisfied all conditions and requirements set forth herein for
the execution of the Franchise Agreement. In addition, Franchisor shall be under no obligation to
execute a Franchise Agreement if Developer is in breach or default of any other Franchise
Agreement or any other agreement between Franchisor and Developer. If any Franchise
Agreement contemplated by this Agreement is executed by Franchisor, it shall supersede this
Agreement and govern the relationship between the parties hereto with respect to the GNC Store
that is the subject matter of such Franchise Agreement.

       10.     NO RIGHT TO OPERATE OR USE TRADEMARKS

         Developer acknowledges and agrees that: (i) until a Franchise Agreement has been
entered into for a specific GNC Store, Developer shall not have, nor be entitled to exercise, any
of the rights, powers and privileges granted by the Franchise Agreement, including, without
limitation, the right to use the Proprietary Marks or the GNC System; (ii) the execution of
this Agreement shall not be deemed to grant any such rights, powers or privileges to Developer;
and (iii) Developer may not under any circumstances commence operations of any GNC Store
prior to Franchisor’s ap proval and execution of a Franchise Agreement for that particular
GNC Store.

       11.     TRANSFERS

        11.1 Transfer by Franchisor. Franchisor shall have the right to transfer or assign all or
any part of this Agreement and its rights or obligations herein to any person or Entity without
Developer’s consent and upon such transfer or assignment, the transferee or assignee shall be
solely responsible for all of Franchisor’s obligations arising out of this Agreement subsequent to
the transfer or assignment. In addition, Franchisor shall have the right to delegate performance of
any and all of its obligations and duties hereunder. Developer agrees and affirms that Franchisor
may sell its assets, the Proprietary Marks and/or the GNC System to a third-party; may offer its
securities privately or publicly; may merge, acquire other corporations, or be acquired by another
corporation; and/or may undertake a refinancing, recapitalization, leveraged buyout or other
economic or financial restructuring. Developer further agrees and affirms that Franchisor has the
right, now or in the future, to purchase, merge, acquire or affiliate with an existing competitive or
noncompetitive franchise network, chain or any other business regardless of the location of that
chain’s or business’ facilities, and to operate, franchise or license those businesses and/or facilities
as GNC Stores operating under the Proprietary Marks or any other marks following Franchisor’s
purchase, merger, acquisition or affiliation, regardless of the location of these facilities, which
Developer acknowledges may be proximate to any of its Stores. With regard to any of the above
sales, assignments and dispositions, Developer expressly and specifically waives any claims,
demands or damages arising from or related to the loss of Franchisor’s name, the Proprietary Marks
                                                   9
07/18/2025
