    B. Franchisee will comply with any requirements imposed by Franchisor for the construction of the
       GNC Smoothie Bar. Franchisee will perform, at Franchisee’s expense, the construction of the GNC
       Smoothie Bar, in accordance with any plans, standards and specifications provided by Franchisor.
       Franchisor reserves the right to modify any plans, standards and specifications as Franchisor deems
       necessary in its sole discretion.

    C. Franchisee shall be responsible for all costs of construction relating to the GNC Smoothie Bar.
       Costs shall include, without limitation, architectural and engineering consultants’ charges,
       contractor’s charges, costs of permits and certifications, and the cost of all materials, supplies,
       equipment, fixtures and inventory. Franchisee also agrees to pay to Franchisor a project
       management fee, if any, for overseeing construction of the GNC Smoothie Bar, which fee will vary
       depending on the scope of work and the level of engagement by Franchisor during the construction
       process.

3. OPERATION OF SMOOTHIE BAR. To ensure a consistent look at every GNC Smoothie Bar,
   Franchisee must maintain the layout and look of the GNC Smoothie Bar as may be required by
   Franchisor in its sole discretion from time to time. Franchisee also agrees to comply with any
   requirements imposed by Franchisor from time to time for the operation of the GNC Smoothie Bar. To
   the extent required by Franchisor, brochures, take out menus, and nutritional information cards must
   be in the merchandising units readily available for customers. Franchisee agrees to comply with any
   revisions to the Plan-O-Gram that Franchisor may require from time to time in its sole discretion upon
   notice in the Manuals or otherwise in writing. Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor may, in its
   sole discretion, require Franchisee, at Franchisee’s sole cost, to remove the GNC Smoothie Bar from
   Franchisee’s Store at the time of any renewal of the Franchise Agreement or remodeling of Franchisee’s
   GNC Store.

5. TRAINING. Franchisor reserves the right to require Franchisee, and if Franchisee is not an individual,
   Franchisee’s Designated Principal, or any manager initially or subsequently employed by Franchisee, to
   attend and successfully complete a Smoothie training program, which may be held virtually, or at
   Franchisor’s Franchise Support Center in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania or at another location designated by
   Franchisor. If Franchisee or its manager does not successfully complete the training program, Franchisor
   shall have the right to deny Franchisee’s request to open or operate a GNC Smoothie Bar.

6. AMENDMENTS TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT.

    A. The following language is hereby added to Section 12.B of the Franchise Agreement:

        If Franchisee has a GNC Smoothie Bar, Franchisee shall purchase its inventory of ingredients and
        supplies, including, but not limited to, products, fruit and juice, either from Franchisor or one of its
        Affiliates or from an approved supplier of such ingredients or supplies, in such categories and
        minimum quantities as are specified by Franchisor in the Manuals or otherwise in writing.

    B. The following language shall is hereby added to Section 17.B. of the Franchise Agreement:

    Franchisor reserves the right to require Franchisee to contribute a percentage of Gross Sales for local
    advertising for the GNC Smoothie Bar upon written notice to Franchisee.

    C. The following sub-paragraph (G) is hereby added to Section 18 of the Franchise Agreement:

        G. The GNC Smoothie Bar is a part of the Franchised Business and shall not be considered a
           separate franchise or business. The GNC Smoothie Bar is not transferable, either all or in part,


07/18/2025
