ordinary course of business or by proof of actual prior possession, and was not acquired, directly
or indirectly, from Franchisor or any third party in violation of any contractual, fiduciary or legal
obligation with respect to the information; or (d) information that is obtained by Developer from
any third party lawfully in possession of the information and not in violation of any contractual,
fiduciary or legal obligation with respect to the information.

        31.4 Entity. “Entity” means any corporation, limited liability company, partnership,
joint venture, business trust or similar association or legal entity.

       31.5 Governing Documents. “Governing Documents” means the organizational and
other governing documents of an Entity.

        31.6 Incapacity. “Incapacity” means the inability of Developer or if Developer is an
Entity, its Principals, to actively participate in the activities of Developer hereunder for any reason.

        31.7 Internet. “Internet” means the Internet or World Wide Web (or any successor) or
other on-line network including, but not limited to, those using delivery over computers,
televisions, cable, set top boxes, Intranets, MP3 players or personal digital assistants.

        31.8 Principals. “Principals” means all persons or Entities holding a legal or beneficial
ownership interest in Developer, directly or indirectly, including any Entity directly or indirectly
controlling Developer and all persons or Entities that have any other direct or indirect interest in
Developer’s assets.

       31.9 Proprietary Marks. “Proprietary Marks” mean the trademarks, trade names, service
marks, logos, emblems. insignia and other commercial symbols (including the marks “GNC”,
“GENERAL NUTRITION CENTER”, and “GNC LIVE WELL”) developed and approved for use
by Franchisor under the GNC System from time to time.

        31.10 Related Agreements. “Related Agreements” means any agreement entered into
between (i) Franchisor or its Affiliates, and (ii) any of Developer, its Affiliates or Principals or any
Entity in which Developer or any Principal, manager, partner or joint venturer of Developer,
directly or indirectly, has any interest of ownership or participation. Related Agreements include
any such agreements whether they are related or unrelated to the Business, and include Franchise
Agreements entered into pursuant to this Agreement, as well as any development, franchise or
other agreements related to the development or operation of other GNC Store(s) or other GNC
franchised businesses.

        31.11 Specially Designated National or Blocked Person. “Specially Designated National
or Blocked Person” means (i) a person or entity designated by OFAC (or any successor office or
agency of the U.S. government) from time to time as a “specially designated national or blocked
person” or similar status, (ii) a person or entity described in Section 1 of U.S. Executive Order
13224, issued on September 23, 2001, or (iii) a person or entity otherwise identified by government
or legal authority as a person with whom Franchisor or its Affiliates are prohibited from transacting
business.

       31.12 System. “GNC System” or “System” means the methods, techniques, standards
and specifications of developing, opening, operating and promoting GNC Stores which operate
                                                  28
07/18/2025
