claimed that defendants failed to provide adequate support and accounting services pursuant to their
franchise agreements, and that defendants failed to credit amounts and provide proper discounts to their
operating entities. Plaintiffs also claimed that defendants failed to discover embezzlement by one of
plaintiffs’ employees. Plaintiffs alleged that these actions by defendants caused plaintiffs to suffer
considerable losses and to be unable to pay amounts due to defendants and afford adequate inventory.
Plaintiffs also alleged that these actions by defendants caused plaintiffs to sell two of their stores back to
defendants for less than market value, and to relinquish their other two stores to defendants for less than
actual value. Plaintiffs alleged breach of their franchise agreements, unjust enrichment, breach of fiduciary
duty, fraud, negligent misrepresentation, tortious interference with contractual relations, breach of implied
covenant of good faith and fair dealing, and consumer fraud in violation of the Nevada Deceptive Trade
Practices Act. Plaintiffs sought damages in excess of $75,000, attorneys’ fees and costs, and punitive
damages. The parties settled this matter on or about July 9, 2019. The parties agreed to mutual general
releases and that neither party would disparage or make negative comments regarding each other to any
other person, which are based upon the acts alleged in the lawsuit. The parties specifically disclaimed any
liability to each other, and neither party paid any money to the other party.

         Jenna Kaskorkis and Kim Carter, individually and on behalf of all other similarly situated vs.
General Nutrition Centers, Inc. and General Holdings Inc. (U.S. District Court, Southern District of
California, Case No. 3:16-cv-00990). On April 22, 2016, plaintiffs, GNC customers, filed this putative
class action lawsuit, alleging that defendants violated California Business and Professional Code §§17500,
et seq.- Untrue, Misleading and Deceptive Advertising, California Civil Code §§1750, et seq.-
Misrepresentation of the Existence of a Discount, and California Business and Professional Code §§17200,
et seq.- Unlawful Business Acts and Practices, by misleadingly marketing and advertising their products
on www.gnc.com as discounted from the “Regular Price” when such discounts were illusory and/or
overstated. Plaintiffs sought class certification, unspecified monetary damages, restitution and/or
disgorgement, injunctive relief, and attorneys’ and experts’ fees and costs. In December 2019, the court
approved a settlement agreement in this case, which had previously been consolidated with the Gennock
and Harrison cases below. The settlement terms are described in the Harrison case below.

         Ashley Gennock and Daniel Styslinger, individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated
vs. General Nutrition Centers, Inc. and GNC Holdings, Inc. (U.S. District Court, Western District of
Pennsylvania, Case No. 16-633). On May 17, 2016, plaintiffs, GNC customers, filed this putative class
action lawsuit alleging two causes of action, one for violation of the Pennsylvania Unfair Trade Practices
and Consumer Protection Law (PUTPCPL), and the other for unjust enrichment. Plaintiffs alleged that
defendants misleadingly marketed and advertised their products as discounted from the “Regular Price”
when such discounts were illusory and/or overstated. Plaintiffs alleged that GNC’s conduct violated the
PUTPCP because defendants made false and misleading statements of fact concerning price reductions,
and because defendants’ pricing scheme was deceptive in that it created the likelihood that consumers
would be confused and deceived into believing that they were purchasing products at substantial discounts,
when they were not. Plaintiffs sought class certification, unspecified monetary damages, declaratory and
injunctive relief, restitution, and attorneys’ fees and costs. In December 2019, the court approved a
settlement agreement in this case, which had previously been consolidated with the Kaskorkis case above
and the Harrison case below. The settlement terms are described in the Harrison case below.

         Kenneth Harrison, an individual on behalf of himself and all others similarly situated v. General
Nutrition Centers, Inc.; GNC Holdings, Inc. and Does 1 through 25 inclusive (U.S. District Court, Southern
District of California, Case No. 16-cv-3086). On December 23, 2016, plaintiffs, GNC customers, filed this
putative class action lawsuit, alleging that defendants’ website included written misrepresentations
regarding price discounts by advertising a regular price for products that was inaccurate, inflated and
arbitrary together with a sale price that purported to reflect steep discounts off the falsely advertised regular
price, but which were in reality not sales prices or discounts at all. Plaintiff claimed that these allegedly

                                                       14
07/18/2025
