correct the deficiencies detected during such inspections, audits and evaluations. Franchisee’s failure to
timely comply with its obligations under this Section 12.I. shall constitute a default under this Agreement.

        K.       Ethical Conduct. Franchisee shall in all aspects of Store operations and in dealings with
customers, suppliers, landlords, Franchisor and its Affiliates, other franchisees and the general public act
in a professional manner and adhere to the highest standards of honesty, integrity, fair dealing and ethical
conduct. Franchisee agrees to refrain from any conduct, business or advertising practice which may be
injurious or prejudicial to the business of Franchisor, the System, and the goodwill associated with the GNC
Brand Supplements, the Proprietary Marks, and other GNC stores.

        L.      Employees. Franchisee shall take such steps as are necessary to ensure that its employees
preserve good customer relations, comply with the requirements and specifications set forth in this
Agreement or prescribed in the Manuals or otherwise in writing, and comply with such dress code as
Franchisor may prescribe, including, but not limited to, wearing GNC specified uniforms in a clean and
neat condition and use of name tags at all times while working in the Store.

        M.      Litigation. Franchisee shall notify Franchisor, in writing, immediately, but in any event
within five (5) days, of the commencement by Franchisee or any third party of any action, suit, or
proceeding, and of the issuance of any order, writ, injunction, award, or decree of any court, agency, or
other governmental instrumentality, which may adversely affect the operation or financial condition of the
Franchised Business or the System.

         N.      Compliance with Laws. Franchisee acknowledges and understands that Franchisee’s
storage, offer, and sale of certain products shall be subject to specific federal, state, and local laws and
regulations, including rules and regulations of the Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”), the Consumer
Product Safety Commission (“CPSC”), and the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”). Franchisee, at its sole
expense, shall comply with all federal, state, and local laws, ordinances, and regulations affecting the
operation of the Store, including those regulations referenced above, and shall timely obtain and maintain
any and all permits, certificates, or licenses necessary for the full and proper conduct of the Franchised
Business, including licenses to do business, fictitious name registrations, sales tax permits, and fire
clearances. Without limiting the foregoing, and in addition to the other duties of Franchisee, Franchisee
shall comply with all applicable FDA and state law requirements concerning the sale of vitamins,
supplements, proteins, beauty products, drugs, foods, medical devices and other goods or services offered
for sale at the Stores. Franchisee shall submit to Franchisor, on an annual basis, or more frequently as
Franchisor may specify, evidence of such compliance, including copies of all certifications, permits or other
licenses.

        O.       Loyalty Programs. Franchisee agrees to comply with and honor any customer loyalty
and/or rewards programs that Franchisor currently has in place or may otherwise adopt from time to time
in Franchisor’s sole discretion. Franchisee understands and agrees that Franchisor shall have sole control
over the components and timing of any customer loyalty or rewards programs that are currently in place or
otherwise adopted by Franchisor from time to time in the future.

         P.      Customer Satisfaction Program. Franchisee agrees to participate in any customer
satisfaction program established by Franchisor, as may be supplemented, modified or changed by
Franchisor, in Franchisor’s sole discretion, from time to time.

        Q.      Security Interest. As security for the payment and performance of all of Franchisee’s
obligations under this Agreement and all Related Agreements, whether such obligations now exist or arise
hereafter, and whether direct or indirect, certain or contingent (including, but not limited to, the payment
of continuing royalty and advertising fees), Franchisee grants to Franchisor a continuing security interest
                                                     14

07/18/2025
