                                        GNC HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES

                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

           All obligations under the 1L Term Loan are unconditionally and irrevocably, jointly and severally, guaranteed by Parent,
together with Jacks Management and ZT, pursuant to the terms of the Facilities Agreement and the First Lien Guarantee and
Collateral Agreement dated October 7, 2020. The 1L Term Loan guarantee is secured by a pledge of the Parent's shares, by way
of a first priority pledge, to Bank of China. The guarantee and pledge remain in effect until all 1L Term Loan obligations are
satisfied.

Debtor's Estate Escrow and Tax Refund Proceeds

          In connection with the Debtor's Chapter 11 plan, certain funds were placed in segregated escrow accounts held by the
plan administrator for purposes of paying and discharging certain claims and specified liabilities, as well as supporting the wind
down of any remaining business of the Debtor entities. Among the funds placed in a segregated escrow account held by the plan
administrator for satisfying certain tax related liabilities and claims included the tax refund proceeds from the overpayment of
estimated U.S federal income taxes from the 2019 taxable year ("2019 Tax Refund Proceeds"). In addition, the plan administrator
of the Debtors shall receive any U.S federal and state tax refund proceeds from final tax return filings of the Debtors for the 2020
taxable year ("2020 Tax Refund Proceeds") for the satisfaction of any tax related liabilities and claims. Any remaining funds in
escrow after the claims and specified liabilities are discharged, the plan administrator is required to release the funds which will
be utilized to pay down the 2L Term Loan in accordance with the terms of the Stalking Horse Agreement and 2L Term Loan
Credit Agreement.

         In connection with the Acquisition, the Company recorded an estimated $16.8 million long-term asset for the expected
2020 Tax Refund Proceeds and other excess tax related escrows. During the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, $16.3
million and $19.4 million respectively, was released by the plan administrator from escrow after the specified liabilities were
discharged and funds were paid towards to the 2L Term Loan. The Company reduced the long-term asset and recognized a gain
on the Consolidated Income Statement for the amount by which the proceeds exceeded the long-term asset balance. As of
December 31, 2024, the wind-down of the Debtors' estate has not been completed. The remaining balance in the tax-related and
other escrows is not material.

IVC Proceeds

          The Company had an equity investment with International Vitamin Corporation ("IVC") for a strategic manufacturing
joint venture ("Manufacturing JV"). See Note 8. "Equity Investments" for additional information on the Manufacturing JV. In
accordance with the terms of the Facilities Agreement, proceeds received by the Company from IVC for the purchase of additional
interest in the Manufacturing JV or other distributions from the Manufacturing JV ("IVC Proceeds") are required to be applied
as mandatory prepayments towards the 1L Term Loan and 2L Term Loan on a pro rata basis.

         During 2022, the Company received IVC Proceeds of $12.5 million for the third subsequent purchase which was utilized
to pay down $8.6 million of the 1L Term Loan and $3.9 million of the 2L Term Loan during the first quarter of 2022. During
2023, the Company received IVC Proceeds of $13.9 million consisting of a dividend distribution of $1.5 million from the
Manufacturing JV and IVC's fourth and final subsequent purchase of the Company's equity interest in the Manufacturing JV of
$12.4 million. An adjustment of $0.4 million was applied to the purchase price prior to its completion. Prior to the $0.4 million
purchase price adjustment, the Company allocated $14.3 million of IVC Proceeds towards debt reduction, of which $9.5 million
was used to pay down the 1L Term Loan and $4.8 million was used to pay down the 2L Term Loan. The Company did not modify
the debt payments for the IVC Proceeds purchase price adjustment.
Excess Cash Flow
           The Company is required to make certain mandatory prepayments, including a requirement to prepay the 1L Term Loan
first and the 2L Term Loan second, in each case annually with amounts based on excess cash flow, as defined in the Company’s
1L Term Loan agreement as being greater than or equal to $50 million as of December 31 each year the agreement is in effect.
The payment will be 60% of excess cash flow, less any taxes paid or reasonably estimated, toward the 1L Term Loan. Any amount
in excess of $50 million thereafter is subject to prepayment of 15% toward the 2L Term Loan, provided that the net senior leverage
ratio is less than or equal to 2.00 to 1.00. Pursuant to the terms of the Facilities Agreement, any required excess cash flow payment
is due at the first 1L Term Loan repayment date following delivery of the Company’s annual financial statements to Bank of

                                                                 31
