         C.       Construction by Franchisee. Upon Franchisor’s prior written approval, Franchisee may
perform, at Franchisee’s expense, the construction, renovation, refurbishing or remodeling of the Store in
accordance with Franchisor’s plans, standards and specifications. Franchisee agrees that the Store and any
real estate controlled by Franchisee and appurtenant to the Store must be designed, laid out, constructed,
furnished, and equipped to meet and comply with Franchisor’s plans, standards, and specifications, and
Franchisee must satisfy any conditions to Franchisor’s approval of the same. Any deviations from
Franchisor’s plans, specifications, and requirements must have Franchisor’s prior written approval. Any
plans that Franchisor provides to Franchisee, and Franchisor’s approval of any plans Franchisee submits,
relate solely to compliance with Franchisor’s specifications and standards and should not be construed as a
representation or warranty that the plans comply with applicable laws and regulations. At Franchisor’s
written request, Franchisee must promptly correct any unapproved deviations from Franchisor’s plans,
standards or specifications for the construction, renovation, refurbishing or remodeling of the Store.

        D.       Construction Generally. In all circumstances, Franchisee agrees to pay to Franchisor a
project management fee, to be determined by Franchisor in its sole discretion, for construction project
management services, which fee will be payable prior to commencement of construction, renovation,
refurbishing or remodeling of the Store. This project management fee offsets Franchisor’s in-house costs
for ordering, logistics, coordination, fixture layout, bidding, and carrying costs for materials. Franchisee
also agrees to pay any additional fees and costs for any design and engineering in addition to a standard
GNC Store design. All costs and fees described in this Section 8 are non-refundable once paid.

        9.       INSURANCE.

         A.       General. At the earlier of (i) execution of a lease or sublease for the Store and (ii)
acceptance of an owned or non-owned site for the Store, but in no event later than the Store Opening Date,
Franchisee shall procure and maintain in full force and effect during the term of this Agreement, at
Franchisee’s expense, an insurance policy or policies protecting Franchisee and Franchisor, and their
Affiliates, officers, directors, partners, and employees, against any claims for loss, liability, personal injury,
death, property damage, or any expense whatsoever arising out of the ownership or operation of the
Franchised Business.

        B.      Insurance Policies. Such policies shall be written by an insurance company satisfactory to
Franchisor and that has an A.M. Best rating of not less than A-VII. All policies of insurance must be
primary and non-contributory to any policies of insurance maintained by Franchisor, and must contain a
provision requiring 30-days’ written notice of cancellation to Franchisor. Policies shall include, at a
minimum (except as additional coverages and higher policy limits may reasonably be specified by
Franchisor from time to time in the Manuals or otherwise), the following:

                  (i)     Comprehensive general liability insurance, including product liability, contractual
liability, personal and advertising injury, property damage, and auto owned, hired and non-owned vehicles
in the amount of:

                         (a) $2,000,000 per occurrence and aggregate naming Franchisor and its Affiliates
        as additional insureds in each such policy or policies; such policies will also apply to vehicles
        purchased in the name of the business, will include fire/tenant legal liability insurance in an amount
        not less than $250,000 and medical payments of $5,000. All such policies shall provide for waivers
        of subrogation and be written on an Occurrence Form. If Franchisee has multiple locations, the
        following additional umbrella limits will apply (a per location endorsement will be required so that
        the general aggregate limit applies separately to each individual location): for 2-5 locations, the
        minimum umbrella limit is $2,000,000; for 6-10 locations, the minimum umbrella limit is
                                                      8

07/18/2025
