                                                                                             WASHINGTON


                              STATE OF WASHINGTON
                    ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT


       In the event of a conflict of laws, the provisions of the Washington Franchise Investment Protection
Act, Chapter 19.100 RCW will prevail.

         The state of Washington has a statute, RCW 19.100.180 which may supersede the franchise
agreement or the development agreement in your relationship with us including the areas of termination
and renewal of your franchise or agreement. There may also be court decisions which may supersede the
franchise agreement or the development agreement in your relationship with the franchisor including the
areas of termination and renewal of your franchise or agreement.

        In any arbitration or mediation involving a franchise purchased in Washington, the arbitration or
mediation site will be either in the state of Washington, or in a place mutually agreed upon at the time of
the arbitration or mediation, or as determined by the arbitrator or mediator at the time of arbitration or
mediation. In addition, if litigation is not precluded by the franchise agreement, a franchisee may bring an
action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with the sale of franchises, or a violation of the
Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, in Washington.

        A release or waiver of rights executed by you will not include rights under the Washington
Franchise Investment Protection Act except when executed pursuant to a negotiated settlement after the
agreement is in effect and where you are represented by independent counsel. Provisions such as those
which unreasonably restrict or limit the statute of limitations period for claims under the Washington
Franchise Investment Protection Act, or rights or remedies under the Washington Franchise Investment
Protection Act, such as the right to jury trial, may not be enforceable.

         Transfer fees are collectible to the extent that they reflect our reasonable estimated or actual costs
in effecting a transfer.

         Pursuant to RCW 49.62.020, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable against an
employee, including an employee of a franchisee, unless the employee’s earnings from the party seeking
enforcement, when annualized, exceed $100,000 per year (an amount that will be adjusted annually for
inflation). In addition, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable against an independent
contractor of a franchisee under RCW 49.62.030 unless the independent contractor’s earnings from the
party seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $250,000 per year (an amount that will be adjusted
for inflation). As a result, any provisions contained in the franchise agreement or elsewhere that conflict
with these limitations are void and unenforceable in Washington.

          RCW 49.62.060 prohibits a franchisor from restricting, restraining, or prohibiting a franchisee from
(i) soliciting or hiring any employee of a franchisee of the same franchisor, or (ii) soliciting or hiring any
employee of the franchisor. As a result, any such provisions contained in the franchise agreement or
elsewhere are void and unenforceable in Washington.

        If franchisee enters into a single-unit Franchise Agreement, in lieu of an impound of franchise fees,
the franchisor will not require or accept the payment of any initial franchise fees until the franchisee (a) has
received all pre-opening obligations that it is entitled to under the Franchise Agreement and Franchise
Disclosure Document provided to Franchisee, and (b) is open for business. If franchisee enters into a
Development Agreement, in lieu of an impound of franchise fees, the franchisor will not require or accept
the payment of any development fees or initial franchise fees relating to the particular GNC Store being
developed thereunder until the franchisee, with respect to such GNC Store being developed thereunder (a)


07/18/2025
