         In evaluating products from third party suppliers, among the many factors we may consider are a
product’s safety, specifications, consumer demand, efficacy, prominence in the market, competitive
position, availability to all GNC Stores, price, profit margin and competitiveness with other products we
sell or approve. We have no duty or obligation to approve a product or to continue to approve a product,
even if it reasonably satisfies all of these criteria. Generally, we will make our criteria for approving
suppliers and products available to franchisees.

        If you desire to purchase any items from a then-unapproved supplier, you may submit to us a written
request for approval. We may condition our consideration of a supplier upon, among other things, our
representatives personally inspecting the proposed supplier’s facilities and upon our testing samples of the
product supplied by the proposed supplier. We may impose a charge to test or inspect the products and the
proposed suppliers’ facilities. We reserve the right to grant and to revoke our approval of any supplier or
any product at any time for any reason. There is no set time frame within which we must approve a proposed
supplier or product, but we generally make approval decisions soon after you make the request.

ISSUANCE AND MODIFICATION OF SPECIFICATIONS

        To ensure a uniform image and uniform quality of products and services throughout the GNC
System, you must strictly conform to our currently or later prescribed methods, standards, and
specifications. We formulate standards and specifications based upon what we, in our subjective opinion,
determine is best to further our mission statement. Our methods, standards and specifications are found in
the Manuals or otherwise in writing and are issued to our franchisees and, as applicable, to our approved
suppliers. You must not use or sell products, materials, fixtures, equipment, supplies, forms, and other
items which we either have not expressly approved in writing or which do not conform to our written
standards and specifications.

REVENUE DERIVED FROM REQUIRED PURCHASES OR LEASES

         We and our affiliates may derive revenues or other material consideration as a result of required
purchases or leases by franchisees. We reserve the right to enter into arrangements from which we or our
affiliates may receive payments, rebates, discounts or other amounts from suppliers, manufacturers or other
parties based upon purchases or leases by franchisees and to use any payments, rebates, discounts or other
amounts received by us from suppliers, manufacturers or other parties in connection with those
arrangements without restriction. We are not required to give you an accounting of those payments, rebates,
discounts or other amounts or to share the benefit of them with you or other franchisees. Any such amounts
and benefits shall be kept by us as compensation for locating and negotiating with suppliers, manufacturers,
and other parties for you and other franchisees. We negotiate purchase arrangements with suppliers,
including price terms, for the benefit of franchisees. These include arrangements for products and services
such as bank credit card processing, the POS system, and products provided by third-party suppliers. We
will make those arrangements available to you and our other franchisees. We do not provide material
benefits to franchisees (for example, renewal of existing franchises or granting of additional franchises)
based on their use of designated or approved suppliers. There are currently no purchasing or distribution
cooperatives within our franchise system.

         As included in our audited financial statements attached as Exhibit N-1, our total revenue for the
fiscal year ending December 31, 2024 was $1,174,586,047. The following is our revenue derived from
required purchases and leases by franchisees in the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024: $140,673,390
from the sale of inventory products; $253,111 from the sale of equipment, fixtures and graphics and
construction fees; $1,438,800 from POS communication fees; and $1,496,770 from rent. Revenues from
these required purchases and leases by franchisees were 12.2% of our total revenue for the fiscal year ending


                                                     51
07/18/2025
