                                                                                NORTH DAKOTA


                         STATE OF NORTH DAKOTA
                ADDENDUM TO AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT

        In recognition of the requirements of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, North
Dakota Century Code §§ 51-19-01 through 51-19-17, and the rules and regulations thereunder, the
parties to the attached GNC HOLDINGS, LLC AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT (the
“Agreement”) agree as follows:

1.     Section 13 of the Agreement contains covenants restricting competition. These covenants
       will be subject to Section 9-08-06, N.D.C.C.

2.     Section 20.1 of the Agreement contains a provision requiring that the Agreement be
       governed by Pennsylvania law. Franchisor agrees that North Dakota law will govern the
       Agreement and will prevail in the event of any conflict of law.

3.     Section 20.2. of the Agreement contains a provision requiring that arbitration be conducted
       in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Franchisor agrees that the place of arbitration will be a
       location that is in close proximity to the site of the Business.

4.     Section 20.4 of the Agreement contains a provision requiring that certain litigation must
       be instituted in a court within the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in the judicial district in
       which Franchisor has its principal place of business. Franchisor agrees that jurisdiction and
       venue for litigation claims brought under the Agreement and the North Dakota Franchise
       Investment Law may be in the State of North Dakota.

5.     Section 20.5 of the Agreement that relates to waiver of jury trial shall not apply to
       franchises governed by North Dakota law.

6.     To the extent any provision of the Agreement requires Developer to consent to a waiver of
       exemplary or punitive damages, these provisions will be deemed null and void.

7.     The Sections in the Agreement that relate to limitations of claims and payment of costs and
       expenses of enforcement of the Agreement are only applicable to the extent they are not
       inconsistent with North Dakota law. In the event of any inconsistency, North Dakota law
       will control. The statute of limitations under North Dakota law applies.

8.     No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed by Developer in connection with
       the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
       claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii)
       disclaiming reliance on any statement by Franchisor, any franchise seller, or other person
       acting on behalf of Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document
       executed in connection with the franchise.

9.     Each provision of this Addendum will be effective only to the extent, with respect to such
       provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the North Dakota Franchise Investment
       Law are met independently without reference to this Addendum.



07/18/2025
