Section 8. Representations and Warranties of Purchaser

Purchaser represents and warrants to Seller the following as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date:

8.1     Formation, Power and Authority. If Purchaser is a corporation, limited liability company,
        partnership, or other entity, it is duly formed, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws
        of the state of ____________ and is authorized to do business in the state in which the Store is
        located. Purchaser has full and absolute power and authority to enter into this Agreement and all
        ancillary documents delivered pursuant hereto, and to assume and perform all of their obligations
        hereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance by Purchaser of
        their obligations hereunder have been duly authorized by all requisite company action, and no
        further action, approval or consent is required in order to constitute this Agreement as a binding
        and enforceable obligation of Purchaser.

8.2     Purchaser’s Compliance. Except as otherwise set forth herein, neither the execution and delivery
        of this Agreement nor the consummation of any material transaction contemplated hereby requires
        the consent or approval of a third party or will conflict with, or (with or without the giving of notice
        or the passage of time or both) result in a breach of, any of the terms, conditions, or provisions of
        any material law, regulation, judicial order, administrative order, writ, injunction, judgment, or
        decree of any court or governmental authority that is applicable to or binding upon Purchaser, or
        the corporate charter or bylaws or other governing documents of Purchaser, or the provisions of
        any material note, indenture, agreement, or other instrument by which Purchaser is bound.
        Furthermore, Purchaser has no knowledge or information that there are any actions, suits or
        proceedings, pending or threatened, that would materially adversely affect the ability of Purchaser
        to lease or sublease the Premises or acquire the Assets.

8.3     Legal Action Against Purchaser. There are no material judgments, orders or decrees of any kind
        against Purchaser unpaid or unsatisfied of record nor any legal action, suit or other legal or
        administrative proceeding pending or, to the best of Purchaser’s knowledge, threatened, before any
        court or administrative agency.

8.4     Bankruptcy or Debt of Purchaser. Purchaser is not in the hands of a receiver, is not bankrupt or
        insolvent, and is financially able to meet its obligations as they become due and has made adequate
        provision for the payment of its debts and liabilities.

8.5     Binding on Purchaser. This Agreement, the Product Sales Agreement, and all other documents
        delivered by Purchaser in connection herewith, have been duly executed and delivered by Purchaser
        and constitute valid and binding obligations of Purchaser, enforceable against Purchaser in
        accordance with their terms.

Section 9. Joint and Several Liability

Each Purchaser, if more than one Purchaser is named herein, hereby agrees to be jointly and severally liable
for the performance of all of the obligations under this Agreement.

Section 10. Survival of Covenants, Representations, Warranties and Guarantees

All covenants, representations, guarantees, and indemnities contained herein, or in any exhibit attached
hereto, or in any Closing documents shall survive the Closing.




07/18/2025
