to repeat Phase I as well as Phase II training. The need to repeat training may also affect scheduled Store
openings and the rights granted in your Franchise Agreement. In addition, if you are an existing franchisee
who wishes to exercise the option to renew your Franchise Agreement, we reserve the right to require you
to attend Phase II training as a condition of renewal. We generally offer Phase II training on an as-needed
basis throughout the year. There is no set time frame within which you must complete Phase II training,
but you must successfully complete Phase II training before you open your Store. We will usually enroll
you in the next scheduled Phase II training session that occurs after your Phase I training.

        Phase III

          Phase III Training for a New Franchise Store is an up to 7-day process for a new franchisee, or an
up to 5-day process for an existing franchisee, and takes place at the franchisee’s Store. This training takes
place when the grand opening shipment is scheduled to be received, and includes receiving the initial
delivery and setting the Store up for opening. Phase III Training for a Conversion Store for a new or
existing franchisee is an up to 5-day process that begins with the scheduled inventory date. A Director of
Franchise Operations or one of our other designated representatives will oversee and assist in this process.
It is recommended that you have 4-6 people scheduled for the setup of your Store. Our representative will
also review your business plan and budget, and complete a checklist to ensure that you are properly trained
and ready to operate the Store. We offer this training when you are ready to open the Store, and you must
complete this training before you open your Store.

          We do not require any additional initial training if you successfully complete Phase I, Phase II and
Phase III training. In some cases, we may postpone a Phase of training (or provide an abbreviated training
program) and complete the full training at a later date to expedite opening of your Store. At our option, we
may require any manager subsequently employed by you to attend and complete to our sole satisfaction our
initial training program. We may require that you attend additional training programs or periodic refresher
courses at such times and places as we designate while you are a franchisee.




                                                     65
07/18/2025
