such information they contain as secret and confidential. You must not at any time copy, duplicate, record,
or reproduce these materials or make them available to any unauthorized person.

        The Manuals will at all times remain our property. We may revise the contents of the Manuals
from time to time, and you must operate the franchise in accordance with each new or changed policy,
standard and procedure. If there arises any dispute concerning the contents of the Manuals, the terms of
the master copy of the Manuals that we maintain at our home office will control.

                                                 ITEM 15

                        OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL
                          OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE BUSINESS

        We encourage you to participate personally in the on-premises supervision of the GNC Store.
While we do not require you personally to participate in the direct supervision of the GNC Store, we do
require either you or your designated manager to directly supervise the GNC Store on its premises and to
devote full-time, energy and best efforts to managing the Store.

         We do not control who you may hire as manager, nor does the Franchise Agreement require that
you tell us who manages the Store. However, the training program provisions require that you notify us if
you change managers, and we retain the right to require any Store manager to attend and successfully
complete our training programs at any time during the term of the franchise under the same terms as
described in Item 11. If a corporation, partnership or other organization owns the franchise, the manager
need not have an ownership interest in the franchise. The manager may be required to sign a written
agreement to maintain the confidentiality of the trade secrets and confidential information described in Item
14.

        We require each individual who owns an interest in the franchise and their spouse to personally
guarantee the franchisee’s obligations to us under the Franchise Agreement and the Development
Agreement. The guarantees will be in the form of the Guarantee attached to the Franchise Agreement as
Attachment E and the Guaranty Agreement attached to the Development Agreement as Exhibit C.




                                                     74
07/18/2025
