Assurance of Discontinuance, our predecessor agreed to submit a declaration that all provisions of the
agreement had been satisfied. Pursuant to the Assurance of Discontinuance, neither the Assurance of
Discontinuance nor its terms were to be construed as an admission of law, fact, liability, misconduct or
wrongdoing on the part of our predecessor. On December 20, 2018, the court approved and ordered entry
of the Assurance of Discontinuance.

         In the Matter of GNC Franchising, LLC. Administrative Proceeding Before the Securities
Commissioner of Maryland, Case No. 2005-0537. On or about August 30, 2005, the Securities Division of
the Office of the Attorney General of the State of Maryland initiated an investigation into the accuracy of
the “Item 3” disclosures in our predecessor’s franchise disclosure document. On August 15, 2006, our
predecessor entered into a Consent Order with the Securities Commissioner, pursuant to which it agreed,
without admitting or denying any of the Commissioner’s statements of fact or conclusions of law, except
as to the Commissioner’s jurisdiction in the proceeding, (1) to immediately and permanently cease and
desist from the offer and sale of franchises in violation of the Maryland Franchise Registration and
Disclosure Law; and (2) to pay the Securities Division an administrative penalty in the amount of
$100,000.00. In the Consent Order, the Commissioner concluded that our predecessor had violated §§ 14-
216(a) and 14-223 of the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law by offering and selling
franchises in Maryland and to Maryland residents using a franchise disclosure document that failed to set
forth material information in the application for registration, as required by regulation of the Commissioner.
Specifically, the Commissioner found that, in franchise disclosure documents filed with the Division, our
predecessor had erroneously described amounts it had agreed to pay in the settlement of three of the
litigation matters disclosed in Item 3 of the franchise disclosure document. Those errors were corrected.

ACTIONS AGAINST FRANCHISEES DURING OUR LAST FISCAL YEAR

        During our last fiscal year (2024), we did not initiate any actions against franchisees.

Other than these actions, no litigation is required to be disclosed in this Item.




                                                      21
07/18/2025
