                                                                                    NEW YORK
                                                                                      Page 2 of 3

       shall not impair the operation of provisions of this Agreement as may remain otherwise
       intelligible; and, the latter shall continue to be given full force and effect and bind the
       parties hereto; and said invalid sections, parts, terms, and/or provisions shall be deemed
       not to be a part of this Agreement.

6.     Section 23, “RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES; INDEMNIFICATION,” of the
       Agreement shall be supplemented with the following:

       However, Developer shall not be required to indemnify for any claims arising out of a
       breach of the Agreement by the Franchisor or other civil wrongs of the Franchisor.

7.     No representation or acknowledgment by the Developer in the Agreement is intended to or
       shall act as a release, assignment, novation, waiver or estoppel which would relieve a
       person from any duty or liability imposed by Article 33, Sections 680 through 695, of the
       General Business Law of the State of New York and the regulations issued thereunder.

8.     No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed by Developer in connection with
       the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
       claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii)
       disclaiming reliance on any statement by Franchisor, any franchise seller, or other person
       acting on behalf of Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document
       executed in connection with the franchise.

9.     Each provision of this Addendum will be effective only to the extent, with respect to such
       provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the New York General Business Law,
       Article 33, are met independently without reference to this Addendum.

10.    Except as otherwise provided in this Addendum, all the other terms, covenants and
       agreements in the Agreement shall remain the same, and the Agreement, as amended, shall
       continue in full force and effect. To the extent this Addendum is inconsistent with any
       terms or conditions of the Agreement or the exhibits thereto, the terms of this Addendum
       shall govern.

                                   [Signature Page Follows]




07/18/2025
