19.     NOTICES

        Any and all notices required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall
be sent by (i) personal delivery, (ii) U.S. certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, return receipt
requested, (iii) nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) electronic mail (including
PDF), to the respective parties at the addresses set forth in the introductory paragraph of this
Agreement, unless and until a different address has been designated by written notice to the other
party in the manner set forth herein. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given (i) if
personally delivered, upon delivery (or delivery refused), (ii) if sent by U.S. certified or registered
mail, three (3) days after mailing, (iii) if sent by overnight courier service, on the date of the first
attempted delivery, or (iv) if sent by electronic mail, on the date of transmission, provided that the
sender has received a delivery confirmation generated by the sender’s email system which
indicates that the email was delivered to the recipient’s email address, in each case excluding
Sundays and national holidays and regardless of whether the party refuses delivery or is no longer
at the address for notice.

20.     APPLICABLE LAW

        20.1. Governing Law. This Agreement has been entered into and shall be governed by,
and construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania, which laws shall prevail in the event of any conflict of law; provided, however, that
if any provision of this Agreement would not be enforceable under the laws of Pennsylvania, and
if the Business is located outside of Pennsylvania, and further, if such provision would be
enforceable under the laws of the state in which the Business is located, then such provision shall
be interpreted and construed under the laws of that state. Nothing in this choice of law provision
is intended to make applicable any state franchise law that would otherwise not be applicable.

       20.2 Arbitration. Except as set forth in Section 20.3 below, any claims between
Franchisor and Franchisee shall be resolved by arbitration using the procedures set forth below.

               (i)     The arbitration shall be conducted in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania by a Board
of Arbitrators selected as provided below using the then-prevailing commercial arbitration rules
of a recognized independent alternate dispute resolution service to be selected by Franchisor such
as the American Arbitration Association, JAMS/Endispute or United States Mediation and
Arbitration.

                (ii)   The Board of Arbitrators shall consist of three disinterested attorneys skilled
in the subject matter of the issues in dispute. Within twenty (20) days of the institution of the
arbitration, one of such arbitrators shall be selected by the Franchisor and the second arbitrator
shall be selected by Franchisee. The two arbitrators so selected shall select the third arbitrator
within twenty (20) days after the last of the first two arbitrators is selected.

                 (iii) The Board of Arbitrators, as promptly as practicable after selection of the
members thereof, shall give to each of the parties a written notice stating the time and place of the
hearing upon the matters and questions submitted for arbitration. Such notice shall be given not
less than thirty (30) days before the date of such hearing. At such hearing, the Board of Arbitrators
shall proceed to a determination of the matters and questions submitted for arbitration. Each of

                                                   21
07/18/2025
