      5.      DEVELOPMENT OBLIGATIONS

        5.1    Minimum Development Requirements. Developer must (i) establish and open the
specified minimum number of GNC Stores on or before each of the dates specified on the
Development Schedule and (ii) maintain the specified minimum number of GNC Stores in
continuous operation as specified on the Development Schedule. Developer’s failure to comply
with the foregoing requirements shall constitute a default under this Agreement. Developer
understands that time is of the essence with respect to its obligations to comply with the
Development Schedule and that failure by Developer to adhere to the Development Schedule shall
constitute a material default under this Agreement. Developer acknowledges and understands that
this Agreement requires Developer to open GNC Stores in the future pursuant to the Development
Schedule. Developer further acknowledges and understands that the estimated investment
requirement and fees and expenses set forth in Franchisor’s Franchise Disclosure Document are
subject to increase and change over time, and that future GNC Stores developed hereunder will
most likely require a greater initial investment and increased operating capital than those detailed
in the Franchise Disclosure Document provided to Developer in connection with the execution of
this Agreement.

        5.2      Compliance with Conditions. As stated herein, this Agreement does not give
Developer a right or license to operate any GNC Store, but rather sets forth the terms and conditions,
which, if fully satisfied will entitle Developer to operate a GNC Store in the Development Area
pursuant to a Franchise Agreement. Developer shall apply to Franchisor, and supply such
information as requested by Franchisor, for the franchise to operate each GNC Store that it develops
in the Development Area pursuant to this Agreement. If Franchisor, in its sole discretion,
determines that Developer has met the conditions set forth in this Agreement, Franchisor will grant
to Developer the franchise. Such conditions shall include, but not be limited to, the following: (i)
Developer must be in compliance with this Agreement, including the Development Schedule; (ii)
each of Developer, its Principals and their respective Affiliates must be in compliance with any
Related Agreements; (iii) Developer and its Principals must satisfy Franchisor’s then-current
financial criteria for franchisees; (iv) Developer and its Principals must have faithfully performed
all terms and conditions of any Related Agreements during the terms of such agreements; and (v)
Developer must have submitted to Franchisor, in a timely manner, all information and documents
requested by Franchisor.

      6.      SITE SELECTION AND ACCEPTANCE

         6.1     Site Selection and Acceptance. Developer assumes all cost, liability, expense and
responsibility for selecting, obtaining and developing sites within the Development Area for each
GNC Store to be developed pursuant to this Agreement. Developer shall not make any binding
commitment with respect to a site unless the site is approved as set forth below. Developer agrees
that the selection, procurement and development of sites are Developer’s responsibility.
Franchisor, in its sole discretion, may counsel and offer advice to Developer with respect to such
site selection; provided, however, Franchisor’s approval of any respective site and any assistance
in the selection of a site does not constitute a representation, promise, warranty, or guaranty by
Franchisor that the GNC Store operated at that site will be profitable or otherwise successful. Upon
Developer’s selection of a proposed site for a Store, Developer shall promptly submit to Franchisor

                                                  5
07/18/2025
