percent (3%) or more in any report of Gross Sales, Franchisee shall, in addition to payment of all royalties
and advertising contributions due, plus any interest thereon, reimburse Franchisor for all costs and expenses
connected with the inspection and audit (including travel, lodging, and wage expenses and reasonable
accounting, administrative and legal costs).

         E.       Financial Services. Franchisor or its Affiliate, for a monthly fee based on actual costs of
the Franchisor, may (but is not obligated to) provide to Franchisee various financial support services (the
“Financial Services”), which may, at Franchisor’s discretion, include the following: data processing,
accounting, and other operational services, including financial statements, monthly bank reconciliations,
monthly cash flow statements, and monthly financial statement variance analysis; an annual physical
inventory; and payroll and HR services provided by an outside vendor. If Franchisor chooses to provide
the Financial Services, Franchisee may, at its option, use or decline the Financial Services provided by
Franchisor. In special circumstances on a case-by-case basis, Franchisor may reduce fees for Financial
Services for Franchisee or for one or more other franchisees for a period of time. Franchisor reserves the
right to charge a monthly service charge up to 10% of the monthly service fee for the month(s) that required
financial information is not timely provided as required by Franchisor. If Franchisor provides the Financial
Services to Franchisee, Franchisor may discontinue any or all of them at any time for any reason. If
Franchisor does not provide the Financial Services to Franchisee, or if Franchisee opts not to use the
Financial Services, then Franchisee agrees to procure its own financial bookkeeping and payroll services,
at its sole expense. If Franchisor does not provide the Financial Services to Franchisee, or if Franchisee
opts not to use the Financial Services, then no later than twenty (20) days after the end of each calendar
year during the term of the Agreement, Franchisee shall furnish to Franchisor, for the preceding calendar
year, an annual profit and loss statement and balance sheet signed and verified by Franchisee as accurately
reflecting the results of operations of Franchisee’s GNC Store for the preceding calendar year. In addition,
during the term of the Agreement, upon the request of Franchisor, Franchisee agrees to provide to
Franchisor current interim financial statements (in a form acceptable to Franchisor) reflecting the operations
of Franchisee’s GNC Store.

        17.     ADVERTISING.

       A.        Fund Administration. The Fund shall be maintained and administered by Franchisor or its
designee, as follows:

                 (i)     Franchisor or its designee shall direct all advertising programs. Franchisor shall
have sole discretion over the concepts, materials, and media used in such programs and the placement and
allocation thereof. Franchisee agrees and acknowledges that the Fund is intended to maximize general
public recognition, acceptance, and use of the System and that Franchisor and its designees are not obligated
in administering the Fund to make expenditures for Franchisee which are equivalent or proportionate to
Franchisee’s contribution, or to ensure that any particular Franchisee benefits directly or pro rata from
expenditures by the Fund. Franchisor does not warrant or represent that any or all of the advertising or
promotional materials or campaigns will be successful or will achieve any particular result.

                 (ii)     The Fund, all contributions thereto, and any earnings thereon shall be used
exclusively to meet any and all costs of maintaining, administering, directing, and preparing advertising
and/or promotional activities including the costs of preparing and conducting television, radio, magazine,
and newspaper advertising; marketing surveys and other public relations activities; employing advertising
agencies to assist therein; providing promotional and other marketing materials to the Stores operated under
the System; costs associated with processing member contributions to the Fund; and payment of salaries
and expenses of Franchisor and its Affiliates associated with administering the Fund and processing
member contributions to the Fund.

                                                     19

07/18/2025
