AGREEMENTS LIMITING OUR USE

         There are no currently effective agreements that significantly limit our rights to use or license others
to use the Proprietary Marks listed in this Item 13 in a manner material to the franchise.

       The right and franchise of the Proprietary Marks granted under the Franchise Agreement to you is
non-exclusive. Therefore, we and our affiliates may:

        1.       Grant other licenses for the Proprietary Marks;

        2.       Use the Proprietary Marks to sell products and services; and

        3.       Develop, establish, and franchise other systems or other products for the same or similar
                 Proprietary Marks, or any other Proprietary Marks, and grant licenses or franchises without
                 providing you with any rights in those licenses or franchises.

         We reserve the right to substitute different Proprietary Marks to identify the System and the
businesses operating under the System. The Franchise Agreement requires you to comply with any of our
requirements regarding the substitution of different Proprietary Marks. However, we will reimburse you
for all your reasonable costs in substituting different Proprietary Marks, unless the substitution coincides
with your required remodeling of the Store.

PROTECTION OF RIGHTS

        We are not obligated by the Franchise Agreement, or otherwise, to protect any rights which we
have granted you to use the Proprietary Marks or to protect you against claims of infringement or unfair
competition which are based on use of the Proprietary Marks.

         If litigation involving the Proprietary Marks is instituted or threatened against you, you must
promptly notify us and cooperate fully in defending or settling the litigation. You may not make any
demand or institute any legal action or negotiate, compromise or settle any controversy involving the
Proprietary Marks without our prior written consent. We have the exclusive right to institute, negotiate,
compromise, settle, dismiss, appeal or otherwise handle any such action involving the Proprietary Marks
and take such steps as we may deem advisable to prevent any such action, and to join you as a party to any
such action. We are not obligated to seek recovery of costs or damages of any kind in any such action, and
the assertion or waiver of any claims will be within our sole discretion. We will pay the costs of any such
action, and any recovery will be paid to us. We reserve any rights we may have to seek indemnification
from you in any appropriate case. The Franchise Agreement does not otherwise require us to participate in
your defense and/or indemnify you for expenses or damages if you are a party to an administrative or
judicial proceeding involving the Proprietary Marks, or if the proceeding is resolved unfavorably to you.

        The Franchise Agreement requires that you execute all documents that we or our counsel believe
are necessary to obtain protection for the Proprietary Marks or to maintain their continued validity and
enforceability.

SUPERIOR PRIOR RIGHTS AND/OR INFRINGING USES

        To the best of our knowledge, there are no superior prior rights or infringing uses that could
materially affect your use of the Proprietary Marks in your state or elsewhere.




                                                       72
07/18/2025
