                                        GNC HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES

                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




expense is incurred. The Company recorded a reduction to cost of sales of $43.5 million, $41.2 million, and $33.8 million, for
the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 for vendor allowances associated with the purchase and sale of merchandise.

         Research and Development. Research and development costs arising from internally generated projects are expensed
as incurred. The Company recognized expense of $3.8 million, $4.7 million, and $4.9 million for the years ended December 31,
2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively, relating to research and development. The prior period amounts have been adjusted to correct
the research and development costs incurred from internally generated projects.

          Advertising Expenditures. The Company recognizes the costs of advertising, promotion and marketing programs the
first time the communication takes place. The Company recognized advertising expense of $66.8 million, $67.2 million, and
$72.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.

         Leases. The Company leases its company-owned retail stores in the U.S. and Canada segment, its distribution centers
in the United States, and retail stores in Ireland through the third quarter of 2024. Some of the domestic franchise stores in the
U.S. and Canada segment are leased and subleased to franchisees. In addition, the Company has leased office locations, vehicles
and equipment to support its store and supply chain operations. All of the Company's leases are classified as operating leases and
do not contain any material restrictive covenants.

         The Company determines if a contract contains a lease at inception. The lease liabilities are recognized based on the
present value of the future minimum lease payments over the term at the commencement date for leases exceeding 12 months.
The lease agreements generally contain lease and non-lease components. Non-lease components primarily include payments for
maintenance and utilities. The minimum lease payments include only fixed lease components, as well as any variable rate
payments that depend on an index, initially measured using the index at the lease commencement date. Lease terms may include
options to renew when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise an option. The Company estimates its incremental
borrowing rate. The incremental borrowing rate is estimated to approximate the interest rate on a collateralized basis with similar
terms and payments for each lease. The right-of-use assets recognized are initially equal to the lease liability, adjusted for any
lease payments made on or before the commencement dates and lease incentives.

        The lease liabilities for the operating leases are amortized using the effective interest method. The right-of-use asset is
amortized by taking the difference between total rent expense recorded on a straight-line basis and the lease liability amortization.
When the right-of-use asset for an operating lease is impaired, lease expense is no longer recognized on a straight-line basis. For
impaired leases, the Company continues to amortize the lease liability using the same effective interest method as before the
impairment charge and the right-of-use asset is amortized on a straight-line basis.

          Contingencies. The Company records accruals for outstanding legal matters when it believes it is probable that a loss
will be incurred and the amount of such loss can be reasonably estimated. The Company evaluates developments in legal matters
that could affect the amount of any accrual and developments that would make a loss contingency both probable and reasonably
estimable. If both of the conditions above are not met, disclosure is made when there is at least a reasonable possibility that a loss
contingency has been incurred. As facts concerning contingencies evolve and become known, management reassesses the
likelihood of a probable loss and makes appropriate adjustments to its financial statements.

         Pre-Opening Expenditures. The Company recognizes the cost associated with the opening of new stores, which
consist primarily of rent, marketing, payroll and recruiting costs, as incurred.

          Income Taxes. The Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method. Under this method,
deferred tax assets and liabilities result from (i) the future tax impact of temporary differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and (ii) differences between the recorded value
of assets acquired in business combinations accounted for as purchases for financial reporting purposes and their corresponding




                                                                 17
