offered to the public, by private offering or otherwise, all materials required for such offering by federal or
state law shall be submitted to Franchisor for review prior to their use or filing with any government agency;
and any materials to be used in any offering exempt from federal or state securities laws shall be submitted
to Franchisor for review prior to their use. No such offering shall imply (by use of the Proprietary Marks
or otherwise) that Franchisor is participating in underwriting, issuing, or offering securities of Franchisee
or Franchisor; and Franchisor’s review of any offering shall be limited solely to the subject of the
relationship between Franchisee and Franchisor. Franchisee and the other participants in the offering must
fully indemnify Franchisor in connection with the offering. For each proposed offering, Franchisee shall
pay Franchisor a non-refundable fee of Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000) to cover Franchisor’s costs and
expenses associated with reviewing the proposed offering, including legal and accounting costs. Franchisee
shall give Franchisor written notice at least thirty (30) days prior to the date of commencement of any
offering or other transaction covered by this Section 18.F. to enable Franchisor the opportunity to exercise
its right of first refusal as provided in Section 18.C. Notwithstanding Franchisor’s approval of a public
offering, the remaining provisions of Section 18 shall apply to the Transfer.

         19.     CONDITIONAL RENEWAL OF FRANCHISE. This Agreement shall not automatically
renew upon the expiration of the Franchise Term. Subject to the term of the lease or sublease for
Franchisee’s Store, Franchisee has the option to renew the franchise upon expiration of the Franchise Term
for one (1) additional consecutive term of five (5) years, if, and only if, each and every one of the following
conditions has been satisfied:

         A.      Notice and Approval. Franchisee shall give Franchisor written notice stating whether or
not Franchisee intends to renew the franchise not less than six (6) months nor more than twelve (12) months
prior to the end of the Franchise Term. If Franchisee does not comply with this notice requirement
(including the requirement to give notice that Franchisee does not intend to renew the franchise), (1)
Franchisor shall have no obligation to renew the franchise, and (2) Franchisor may charge Franchisee a
non-compliance fee, not to exceed One Thousand Dollars ($1,000), due on demand, for failure to give the
notice required by this Section 19.A. (which includes failure to give notice that Franchisee does not intend
to renew the franchise). Renewal shall be subject to Franchisor’s prior approval. Franchisor’s failure to
respond to Franchisee’s renewal request shall not constitute a default under this Agreement;

        B.       Remodeling. Franchisee shall complete or provide for, at its own expense and to
Franchisor’s satisfaction, such maintenance, renovation and modernization of the Store premises as
Franchisor may in its sole discretion require, including, but not limited to, replacement of signs, equipment,
furnishings, and decor, to reflect the then-current image of the System and the particular type and grade of
location for the Store;

        C.        No Default. Franchisee shall have maintained the System standards and otherwise
sustained compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and all Related Agreements (as
defined in Attachment A) over the term of this Agreement. Franchisee shall not be, when notice of renewal
is given, or at any time thereafter prior to the expiration of the then-current Franchise Term, in default of
any provision of this Agreement or any Related Agreement (as defined in Attachment A); Franchisee shall
not have had, when notice of renewal is given, or at any time thereafter prior to the expiration of the then-
current Franchise Term, three (3) or more defaults (even if cured) for failure to pay royalties or any other
sums owed to Franchisor during the term of this Agreement or any Related Agreement (as defined in
Attachment A); and Franchisee shall have fully and faithfully complied with all the terms and conditions
of such agreements during the terms thereof;

        D.      Payment. Franchisee shall have satisfied all monetary obligations owed by Franchisee to
Franchisor and its Affiliates, as well as to lessors, sublessors, vendors and suppliers of the Store, and shall
have timely met such obligations throughout the term of this Agreement;
                                                      26

07/18/2025
