        13.2 Confidential Information. Developer acknowledges and agrees that in connection
with the development and operation of GNC Stores and the GNC System, Franchisor has
developed, at great expense, competitively sensitive proprietary and confidential information which
is not known or available to the public. Developer and each Bound Party shall not, during the term
of this Agreement or thereafter, directly or indirectly, communicate, divulge, copy or use for such
party’s benefit, or the benefit of any other person or Entity, any of Franchisor’s Confidential
Information, except as required to carry out Developer’s obligations under this Agreement or as
Franchisor has otherwise authorized in writing. All Confidential Information is the sole and
exclusive property of Franchisor. Developer shall divulge such Confidential Information only to
such of its employees who have executed covenants as required under this Section 13.2 and who
must have access in connection with their employment to operate the Developer's Business.
Developer agrees that it and all of its employees and agents will take appropriate steps to protect
the Confidential Information from any unauthorized, disclosure, copying or use. Developer and the
Bound Parties shall be liable to Franchisor for any breach of these confidential obligations by a
Bound party or by Developer, its Principals, managers, employees, agents, representatives or
contractors. At any time, upon Franchisor’s request, and, in any event upon termination or
expiration of this Agreement, Developer will immediately stop using and return any copies of
documents containing Confidential Information and will take appropriate steps to permanently
delete and render unusable, any Confidential Information stored electronically and certify the same
to Franchisor in writing.

        13.3 Irreparable Harm. Developer and the Bound Parties acknowledge that the
provisions of this Section 13 are and have been a primary inducement to Franchisor to enter into
this Agreement, and that any failure to comply with the requirements of Section 13 will cause
Franchisor irreparable injury without an adequate remedy at law. Developer and the Bound Parties
agree to pay all court costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees incurred by Franchisor in obtaining
specific performance of, or an injunction against violation of, the requirements of this Section 13.

        13.5 Personal Covenants of Bound Parties. As a condition to the effectiveness of this
Agreement, and at the time Developer delivers this signed Agreement to Franchisor, each Bound
Party of Developer must sign and deliver to Franchisor the Personal Covenants attached hereto
as Exhibit A (the “Personal Covenants”), agreeing to be bound personally by all the provisions
of this Section 13. If there are any changes in the identity of any such Bound Party while this
Agreement is in effect, Developer must notify Franchisor promptly and make sure the new Bound
Party signs and delivers to Franchisor the Personal Covenants.

        13.6 Agreements by Other Third Parties. As a condition to Franchisor’s execution of
this Agreement, Developer, if requested by Franchisor, shall cause each of its management and
supervisory employees and other employees to whom disclosures of Confidential Information are
made, or who may have access to Confidential Information, to execute a nondisclosure agreement
in the form(s) prescribed by Franchisor from time to time. Such agreement shall include, without
limitation, specific identification of Franchisor as a third-party beneficiary of such agreements
with the independent right to enforce them.



                                                18
07/18/2025
