                                                                                             MINNESOTA


                                  STATE OF MINNESOTA
                           ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

      This Addendum to the attached GNC HOLDINGS, LLC FRANCHISE AGREEMENT (the
“Agreement”) is made and entered into by Franchisor and Franchisee.

       1.      This Addendum is made a part of the Agreement to which it is attached.

       2.      Section 19 of the Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following:

       “With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota law, the Franchisor will comply with Minn.
       Stat. Sec. 80C.14, Subd. 4, which requires, except in certain specified cases, that a franchisee be
       given one hundred eighty (180) days’ notice for non-renewal of the franchise agreement.”

       3.      Section 20 of the Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following:

       “With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota law, the Franchisor will comply with Minn.
       Stat. Sec. 80C.14, Subd. 3, which requires, except in certain specified cases, that a franchisee be
       given ninety (90) days’ notice of termination (with sixty (60) days to cure).”

       4.      Section 14 of the Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following:

       “The Minnesota Department of Commerce requires that the Franchisor indemnify Minnesota
       franchisees against any losses, costs or expenses resulting from claims by third parties that the
       franchisee’s use of the Franchisor’s trademark infringes trademark rights of the third party.
       Franchisor does not indemnify against the consequences of franchisee’s use of the Franchisor’s
       trademark except in accordance with the requirements of the franchise, and, as a condition to
       indemnification, Franchisee must provide notice to Franchisor of any such claim within ten (10)
       days and tender the defense of the claim to Franchisor. If Franchisor accepts the tender of defense,
       Franchisor has the right to manage the defense of the claim including the right to compromise,
       settle or otherwise resolve the claim, and to determine whether to appeal a final determination of
       the claim.”

       5.      Section 29 of the Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following:

       “Pursuant to Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.21 and Minnesota Rule 2860.4400J, nothing in this paragraph or
       in this Agreement shall in any way abrogate or reduce (1) any rights of the Franchisee as provided
       for in Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C, including, but not limited to, the right to submit matters to
       the jurisdiction of the courts of Minnesota, or (2) Franchisee’s rights to any procedure, forum or
       remedies provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction.”

       6.      Sections 6.E., 18.B.(ii)(c) and 19.G. of the Agreement each contain a provision requiring
       a general release as a condition of relocation, transfer or renewal of the franchise. Such release will
       exclude claims arising under Minnesota Statutes 80C.01 through 80C.22.

       7.       No representation or acknowledgment by the Franchisee in the Agreement is intended to
       or shall act as a release, assignment, novation or waiver that would relieve any person from liability
       under Minnesota Statutes 80C.01 through 80C.22.

       8.      Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.14, Subd. 5, requires that consent to the transfer of the
       Franchised Business will not be unreasonably withheld. The Sections in the Agreement that relate


07/18/2025
