         E.      Construction. All references herein to the masculine, neuter, or singular shall be construed
to include the masculine, feminine, neuter, or plural, where applicable, and all acknowledgments, promises,
covenants, agreements, and obligations herein made or undertaken by Franchisee shall be deemed jointly
and severally undertaken by each of the persons named as Franchisee, if more than one person is so named.
The words “include,” “includes” and “including” when used in this Agreement will be interpreted as if they
were followed by the words “without limitation.” References to section numbers and attachments will refer
to sections of and attachments to this Agreement, as applicable, unless the context indicates otherwise. The
parties acknowledge that other present or future franchisees of Franchisor may operate under different
forms of agreements, and consequently, that Franchisor’s obligations and rights with respect to its various
franchisees may differ materially in certain circumstances.

        29.      APPLICABLE LAW.

         A.       Governing Law. This Agreement has been entered into and shall be governed by, and
construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania,
which laws shall prevail in the event of any conflict of law; provided, however, that if any provision of this
Agreement would not be enforceable under the laws of Pennsylvania, and if the Franchised Business is
located outside of Pennsylvania, and further, if such provision would be enforceable under the laws of the
state in which the Franchised Business is located, then such provision shall be interpreted and construed
under the laws of that state. Nothing in this choice of law provision is intended to make applicable any
state franchise law that would otherwise not be applicable.

        B.      Arbitration. Except as set forth in Section C below, any claims between Franchisor and
Franchisee shall be resolved by arbitration using the procedures set forth below.

                (i)     The arbitration shall be conducted in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania by a Board of
Arbitrators selected as provided below using the then-prevailing commercial arbitration rules of a
recognized independent alternate dispute resolution service to be selected by Franchisor such as the
American Arbitration Association, JAMS/Endispute or United States Mediation and Arbitration.

                  (ii)     The Board of Arbitrators shall consist of three disinterested attorneys skilled in the
subject matter of the issues in dispute. Within twenty (20) days of the institution of the arbitration, one of
such arbitrators shall be selected by the Franchisor and the second arbitrator shall be selected by Franchisee.
The two arbitrators so selected shall select the third arbitrator within twenty (20) days after the last of the
first two arbitrators is selected.

                  (iii)   The Board of Arbitrators, as promptly as practicable after selection of the members
thereof, shall give to each of the parties a written notice stating the time and place of the hearing upon the
matters and questions submitted for arbitration. Such notice shall be given not less than thirty (30) days
before the date of such hearing. At such hearing, the Board of Arbitrators shall proceed to a determination
of the matters and questions submitted for arbitration. Each of the parties shall be entitled to be represented
at such hearing, by counsel or otherwise, and to submit evidence and present arguments in respect of the
issues in dispute.

                 (iv)    Promptly upon conclusion of the arbitration, the Board of Arbitrators shall submit
to each of the parties a written statement of its findings and determinations and issue an award to the
prevailing party. Action concurred in by any two of the arbitrators shall constitute action of the Board of
Arbitrators. Such findings and determinations shall be final and binding upon the parties for all of the
purposes hereof, subject to applicable law governing review of arbitration awards.


                                                       40

07/18/2025
