13.2   Costs. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, each party shall bear its own costs,
       including attorneys’ fees, in connection with the preparation of this Agreement and the transactions
       contemplated hereby.

13.3   Applicable Law and Waiver of Jury Trial. This Agreement shall be interpreted and
       construed under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, which laws shall prevail in
       the event of any conflict of law. The parties agree that any action brought by Purchaser
       against Seller in any court, whether federal or state, shall be brought only within the
       Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in the judicial district in which Seller has its principal place
       of business, provided further that, if there is subject matter jurisdiction, such action shall
       only be brought in the federal district courts of the Western District of Pennsylvania; and the
       parties waive all questions of personal jurisdiction or venue for the purpose of carrying out
       this provision. The parties also agree that the Seller may bring any action against the
       Purchaser in any court, whether federal or state, within the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
       If Seller brings an action against Purchaser in any state or federal court located within the
       Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, including within the judicial district in which Seller has its
       principal place of business, Purchaser accepts generally and unconditionally the jurisdiction
       and venue of the aforesaid courts and waives any defense of forum non conveniens. Seller
       and Purchaser agree that in any litigation, suit, action, counterclaim, or proceeding, whether
       at law or in equity, which arises out of, concerns, or relates to this Agreement, any and all
       transactions contemplated hereunder, the performance of this Agreement, or otherwise, trial
       shall be to a court of competent jurisdiction and not to a jury. Seller and Purchaser hereby
       irrevocably waive any right either party may have to a trial by jury. Either Seller or
       Purchaser may file an original counterpart or a copy of this Agreement with any court as
       written evidence of the consent of Seller or Purchaser of the waiver of their right to trial by
       jury.

13.4   Entire Agreement

       13.4.1. This instrument contains the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the
               transactions contemplated herein and supersedes any prior agreements or understandings
               relating to its subject matter, either written or verbal, between the parties; provided, that
               nothing in this instrument is intended to disclaim the representations made in Seller’s
               Franchise Disclosure Document.

       13.4.2. All captions in this Agreement are intended solely for the convenience of the parties, and
               shall be deemed not to affect the meaning or construction of any provision hereof.

13.5   Partial Invalidity. If any terms, covenants, or conditions of this Agreement shall be invalid or
       unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement shall nevertheless survive and be binding upon the
       parties hereto.

13.6   Binding Effect. Subject to the provisions governing assignment, this Agreement shall be binding
       upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the
       respective parties hereto.

13.7   Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall
       be deemed an original, but all of which shall be considered one and the same instrument.




07/18/2025
