                                                                                            CALIFORNIA


        The Franchise Agreement and the Development Agreement require application of the laws of
        Pennsylvania. This provision may not be enforceable under California law.

        The Franchise Agreement and the Development Agreement require binding arbitration. The
        arbitration will occur in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania with each party responsible for costs as
        determined by the arbitrators. These provisions may not be enforceable under California law.

        The Franchise Agreement and Development Agreement require that any action be commenced in
        Pennsylvania in a court in the judicial district in which we have our principal place of business and
        that you must irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of such courts. This provision may not be
        enforceable under California law.

        We will not enforce in California the prohibition on franchisee employing or soliciting for
        employment any current or former employee of ours or our affiliates (also known as a no-
        poach/non-solicitation provision) contained in Section 22.B. of the Franchise Agreement and
        Section 13.2 of the Development Agreement, and that is disclosed in Item 17, row r. of the
        disclosure document.

5.       Prospective franchisees are encouraged to consult private legal counsel to determine the
applicability of California and federal laws (such as Business and Professions Code Section 20040.5, Code
of Civil Procedure Section 1281, and the Federal Arbitration Act) to any provision of a franchise agreement
restricting venue to a forum outside the State of California.

6.       Section 31125 of the California Corporations Code requires us to give you a disclosure document,
in a form containing the information that the commissioner may by rule or order require, before a
solicitation of a proposed material modification of an existing franchise.

7.      The highest interest rate allowed by law in California is 10% annually.

8.       Section 31512.1 of the California Corporations Code voids any provision of a franchise agreement,
franchise disclosure document, acknowledgment, questionnaire, or other writing, including any exhibit
thereto, disclaiming or denying any of the following: (a) representations made by the franchisor or its
personnel or agents to a prospective franchisee; (b) reliance by a franchisee on any representations made
by the franchisor or its personnel or agents; (c) reliance by a franchisee on the franchise disclosure
document, including any exhibit thereto; and (d) violations of any provision of the Franchise Investment
Law (California Corporations Code §§31000 through 31516).

9.      No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under
any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.

10.      The financial performance representations in Item 19 do not reflect the costs of sales,
operating expenses, or other costs or expenses that must be deducted from the gross revenue or gross
sales figures to obtain your net income or profit. You should conduct an independent investigation of
the costs and expenses you will incur in operating your franchised business. Franchisees or former
franchisees, listed in the disclosure document, may be one source of this information.




07/18/2025
