other costs relating to the Premises as they are due and payable under the Overlease, beginning on
and continuing with the dates set forth in the Overlease.

       C. Sublessee shall make all payments required to be made by Sublessor under the
Overlease, including, without limitation, any charges that the Overlandlord makes as a condition
to consenting to this Sublease.

       D. In the event that Sublessee fails to pay Minimum Rent or any other charges due
hereunder, Sublessee shall pay 1.5% of the amount due calculated on the basis of a 30-day month
and prorated over the number of days beyond the due date until such payment is received by
Sublessor.

       3. Use of Premises

        Sublessee expressly covenants, represents, warrants and agrees that the Premises shall be
used and occupied only for the purposes set forth in the Overlease. Violation of this covenant shall
be deemed a material breach of this Sublease. In the event of a breach by Sublessee, Sublessor
shall have the right to invoke any and all remedies under this Sublease and any remedies allowed
by law or in equity by reason of such breach by Sublessee.

       4. Provisions of Overlease

        Sublessee hereby assumes all of the responsibilities and obligations on the part of the
Sublessor to be performed under the Overlease with respect to the Premises after the
commencement of the Sublease Term, except for payment of rent and except as modified in this
Sublease. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Sublease, all of the terms, provisions,
covenants and conditions contained in the Overlease, and such rights and obligations as are
contained in the Overlease, are hereby imposed upon the respective parties hereto, with Sublessor
being substituted for the Overlandlord in said Overlease, with the Sublessor having all of the rights,
remedies and powers of the Overlandlord as set forth in the Overlease, and the Sublessee being
substituted for the Lessee in the Overlease, with the Sublessee having all the rights, obligations
and duties of the Lessee as set forth in the Overlease, it being distinctly understood and agreed,
however, that Sublessee shall not have the right to seek to assign or sublet this Sublease without
the consent of Sublessor.

        Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, it is understood and agreed that
any rights to terminate the Overlease because of failure to achieve a specified level of sales in a
particular year, or any rights contained in the Overlease to exercise any options or renew or extend
the term of the Overlease are personal to Sublessor. Accordingly, the decision as to whether to
exercise any such right shall be entirely within the discretion of Sublessor and shall not in any way
be made by Sublessee.

       Sublessor shall not be bound by any warranties and representations made by the
Overlandlord in the Overlease, nor shall Sublessor be obligated to perform any of the terms,
covenants, conditions and agreements in the Overlease required to be performed by the
Overlandlord, and Sublessee agrees to look solely to the Overlandlord for the performance of the


07/18/2025
