in the following properties, assets and rights of the Franchisee, wherever located, whether now owned or
hereafter acquired or arising, and all proceeds and products thereof (all of the same being hereinafter called
the “Collateral”):

                 (a)      all accounts and accounts receivable;

                 (b)      all inventory;

                 (c)      all furniture, trade fixtures, machinery and equipment;

                 (d)      all general intangibles (including customer lists and software));

                 (e)      all contract rights; and

                (f)       all products and proceeds of any of the Collateral described in the foregoing
                          subsections (a) – (e).

          In addition, Franchisee grants to Franchisor a security interest in the Collateral to secure the
performance and payment of all liabilities, obligations and indebtedness of Franchisee to Franchisor,
whether secured or unsecured, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, whether heretofore arising, now
existing or hereafter existing, including all obligations of Franchisee arising under the Franchise Agreement
and any Related Agreement.

         Franchisee shall execute and deliver such financing and continuation statements, and execute and
deliver such further documents, as Franchisor may deem appropriate to perfect the security interests granted
hereunder. Franchisee grants to any officer of Franchisor an irrevocable power of attorney to execute and
file such statements and documents on Franchisee’s behalf. Franchisee shall keep the Collateral free and
clear of all taxes, liens, and encumbrances, and, without Company’s prior written consent, shall not
mortgage, pledge, grant or create any other security interest in the Collateral, until payment in full of the
obligations secured hereunder, and shall not transfer or otherwise dispose of the Collateral, except in the
ordinary course of business.

        If Franchisee fails to make payment or performance in full in accordance with all of Franchisee’s
obligations secured hereunder, then Franchisor shall have all rights and remedies at law or in equity
available to Franchisor as a secured creditor.

        13.      DUTIES OF FRANCHISOR.

         A.       Specifications. Where applicable, Franchisor shall make available standard specifications
for a typical store, including fixtures, furnishings, and signs, and Franchisor shall also furnish specifications
for exterior work and renovation as required under an existing lease for the Store premises or otherwise by
the owner or lessor. Franchisor shall also provide Franchisee with standards and specifications for
equipment, supplies, forms, and inventory. Franchisor shall provide such specifications to Franchisee;
provided, however, Franchisor reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to charge Franchisee a fee for such
specifications.

        B.       Training. Franchisor shall make available such training programs and refresher courses
for Franchisee (or, if Franchisee is not an individual, its Designated Principal) and Franchisee’s Store
manager, as it deems appropriate. All training provided by Franchisor shall be subject to the terms set forth
in Section 10. Franchisor shall also provide to Franchisee training materials designed for Franchisee or
Franchisee’s manager to train Franchisee’s employees.
                                                       15

07/18/2025
