                                                 ITEM 11

                         FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING,
                            COMPUTER SYSTEMS AND TRAINING

       Except as listed below, we are not required to provide you with any assistance.

OBLIGATIONS WE MUST MEET BEFORE YOU OPEN

       Before you open your GNC Store, we will:

       1)    Designate your protected territory, if any.          (Franchise Agreement - Selected Term
       Summary)

       2)      Approve the site for your Store. Generally, you will locate the site for your Store and
       submit it to us for our approval. We may refuse to grant approval for a site for any reason in our
       sole discretion. Your Store location must be at least 1,000 square feet. (Franchise Agreement -
       Section 6)

       3)       Provide you with standard specifications for a typical Store, including fixtures, furnishings,
       equipment, supplies, forms, inventory, and signs; and where applicable, furnish specifications for
       exterior work and renovation. (Franchise Agreement - Section 13.A) If applicable, we will provide
       you the standard specifications for a Smoothie Bar, including fixtures, furnishings, signs, inventory,
       equipment, supplies and forms. We will also furnish specifications for any exterior work or
       renovation needed or required by lessor. We reserve the right to charge you a fee for these
       specifications. Generally, we will designate architectural and engineering consultants, at your
       expense, to obtain permitting for a standard GNC Store design and to prepare architectural,
       electrical and mechanical drawings for the Store. ((Franchise Agreement - Section 8)

       4)      Generally, construct (or remodel, in the case of a Conversion Store) and provide project
       management services for a standard GNC Store design at your expense. We will provide directly
       to you all necessary opening inventory, fixtures, signage and equipment for a standard GNC Store
       design at your expense. (Franchise Agreement – Section 8 and Development Agreement – Section
       7). We will deliver these items to your Store, and our contractors will install them.

       5)      Train you and one other person in our franchise training program. (Franchise Agreement
       - Section 10.) (See below for a discussion of our training program.)

       6)      Provide you, on loan, one copy of our Manuals. (Franchise Agreement - Section 13.E)
       Currently, we maintain and provide our Manuals to you electronically. These Manuals contain
       mandatory and suggested specifications, standards, and procedures. These Manuals are
       confidential and remain our property. We may modify these Manuals, and you must comply
       immediately with any modifications (unless we allow a longer time to comply). (Franchise
       Agreement – Section 15) The table of contents of the Franchise Operations Manual is in Exhibit C.

       7)      For Development Agreements, grant you the right to open a specific number of franchised
       Stores within a specific geographic area within a specified timeframe, and enter into a Franchise
       Agreement for each location developed by you. (Development Agreement – Section 1)

       8)    For Development Agreements, provide to you site selection guidelines, including our
       minimum standards for locations for the GNC Stores, and such site selection counseling and


                                                    56
07/18/2025
