10. There may be circumstances where we will sublease the Store premises to a franchisee, such as when
we sell one or more existing company-owned locations to a franchisee. We are also the sublessor under a
small number of subleases that were not terminated as part of the bankruptcy proceedings of our
predecessor. If you are renewing your franchise agreement and are the subtenant under an existing sublease
with us, you will pay us rent under the sublease.

11. Upon termination of the Franchise Agreement due to your default or breach, the Franchise Agreement
requires you to pay us, in addition to other amounts owed, liquidated damages in an amount equal to (i) the
greater of (a) the average monthly amount of Royalty Fees payable by you to us for the two (2) years
immediately preceding the date of termination or (b) the average monthly amount of Royalty Fees payable
by you to us for the twelve (12-) month period immediately preceding the date of termination, however, if
the Store has not been open for at least twelve (12) months, the average monthly amount of Royalty Fees
payable by you to us for the months in which the Store has been open; then (ii) multiplied by the number
of months remaining in the then-current term of the Franchise Agreement.

12. If you fail to comply with any of the requirements imposed by the Franchise Agreement, Franchise
Operations Manual, or any other written policies or requirements, and it is determined that you are in default
of your franchise obligations, you may be required to pay to us a fee of up to $1,000 per occurrence for our
administrative costs associated with managing each default.

13. We may require your Store to have an annual physical inventory, which generally we will conduct. If
your Store participates in GNFS, the cost of the annual inventory is included as part of your financial
services fees. If your Store does not participate in GNFS, you will generally be billed for the total cost of
the physical inventory on an annual basis. We reserve the right to change this fee on an annual or more
frequent basis.

14. If you are in default of your franchise obligations and unable to operate your Store to our standards, we
may, in our sole discretion, assume operations of the Store for any period of time, and you will be required
to pay to us 25% of your total gross sales earned during the period in which we operate the Store, in addition
to any other royalties and fees payable to us pursuant to your Franchise Agreement.

15. If you are unable to operate your Store due to death or disability, GNC may, in its sole discretion,
assume operations of the Store at a cost of $2,000 per week until such time that a transfer of the franchise
can be completed under the terms of the Franchise Agreement.

16. If securities in the franchisee are offered to the public, by private offering or otherwise, all materials
required for such offering by federal or state law shall be submitted to us for review prior to their use or
filing with any government agency; and any materials to be used in any offering exempt from federal or
state securities laws shall be submitted to us for review prior to their use. You must give us written notice
at least thirty (30) days prior to the date of commencement of any offering or other transaction to enable us
the opportunity to exercise our right of first refusal as provided in the franchise agreement.




                                                     33
07/18/2025
