                                                                                             MINNESOTA
                                                                                               Page 2 of 3

       to transfer are applicable to the extent they are not inconsistent with Minnesota law. In the event
       of any inconsistency, Minnesota law will control.

       9.       Minnesota Rule 2860.4400J prohibits Franchisor from requiring Franchisee to waive its
       rights to a jury trial or to consent to liquidated damages. Sections 21.A. and 29.E. of the Agreement
       that relate to waiver of jury trial and liquidated damages shall not apply to franchises governed by
       Minnesota law.

       10.      Franchisor acknowledges that Minnesota Rule 2860.4400J provides that Franchisee cannot
       consent to Franchisor obtaining injunctive relief, but that Franchisor may seek injunctive relief, and
       that a court will determine if a bond is required.

       11.     Franchisor acknowledges that no action may be commenced pursuant to Minnesota
       Statutes, Section 80C.17, Subd. 5, more than 3 years after the cause of action accrues.

       12.     No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in
       connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving
       any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii)
       disclaiming reliance on any statement made by Franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting
       on behalf of Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in
       connection with the franchise.

       13.      Each provision of this Addendum will be effective only to the extent, with respect to such
       provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the Minnesota Franchises Law (Minnesota
       Statutes, Chapter 80C, Sections 80C.01 through 80C.22) are met independently without reference
       to this Addendum.

       14.      Except as otherwise provided in this Addendum, all the other terms, covenants and
       agreements in the Agreement shall remain the same, and the Agreement, as amended, shall continue
       in full force and effect. To the extent this Addendum is inconsistent with any terms or conditions
       of the Agreement or the Attachments thereto, the terms of this Addendum shall govern.


                                        [Signature Page Follows]




07/18/2025
