                                        GNC HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES

                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




         The Company also offers a paid membership program, PRO Access, which provides members with everyday cash back
rewards, enhanced cash back rewards on a periodic basis, and free virtual healthcare and prescriptions through GNC Health, as
well as the offering of certain other benefits such as the free expedited shipping and a free bar or drink with any purchase once
monthly. The membership price paid is recorded within deferred revenue and other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance
Sheet and subsequently recognized as revenue as the underlying performance obligations are satisfied.

         Revenue from gift cards is recognized when the gift card is redeemed. Gift cards do not have expiration dates and are
not required to be escheated to government authorities. Utilizing historical redemption rates, the Company recognizes revenue
for amounts not expected to be redeemed proportionately as other gift card balances are redeemed.

          Revenues from domestic and international franchisees include wholesale product sales, franchise fees and royalties, as
well as cooperative advertising and other franchise support fees specific to domestic franchisees. Revenues are recorded within
the U.S. and Canada segment for domestic franchisees and the International segment for international franchisees. The Company's
franchisees purchase a significant amount of the products that they sell in their retail stores from the Company at wholesale prices.
Revenue on product sales to franchisees and other franchise support fees (including construction, equipment and other
administrative fees) are recognized upon transfer of control to the franchisee, net of estimated returns and allowances. Franchise
license fees, royalties and continuing services, such as cooperative advertising, are not separate and distinct performance
obligations as they are highly dependent on each other in supporting the overall brand. Franchise fees for the license are paid in
advance, and are deferred and recognized over the applicable license term as the Company satisfies the performance obligation
of granting the customer access to the rights of its intellectual property. Franchise royalties and cooperative advertising
contributions are variable consideration based on a percentage of the franchisees' retail sales, which are recognized in the period
the franchisees' underlying sales occur, and are not included in the upfront transaction price for the overall performance obligation
relating to providing access to the Company's intellectual property. The International segment also includes revenues generated
from transactions with the HK JV and China JV, as defined in Note 8. "Equity Investments", including wholesale product sales,
royalties, and service fees.

         The Wholesale segment generates revenue from sales to third-party customers at wholesale prices. Wholesale sales are
recognized upon transfer of control, net of estimated returns and allowances. Prior to 2023, the Wholesale segment also generated
revenue from license fees for the store-within-a-store alliance with Rite Aid. License fees were paid in advance and were deferred
and recognized over the applicable license term as the Company satisfied the performance obligation of granting the customer
access to the rights of its intellectual property. The Company entered into a new agreement with Rite Aid in 2022 allowing the
operating license that comprises the store-within-a-store alliance to expire. Rite Aid deferred license fees of $1.5 million were
recognized to revenue upon expiration of the operating license agreement in 2022.

         Cost of Sales. The Company purchases products directly from third-party vendors and, through the second quarter of
2023, the Manufacturing JV, as defined in Note 8. "Equity Investments." Cost of sales includes product costs, vendor allowances,
inventory obsolescence, shrinkage, warehousing, distribution, shipping and store occupancy costs. Store occupancy costs include
rent, common area maintenance charges, real estate and other asset-based taxes, general maintenance, utilities, depreciation, lease
incentives and certain insurance expenses.

         Vendor Allowances. The Company receives allowances/credits from various vendors through a business development
fund taken as a percentage deduction from the vendors' invoice. The Company may also receive allowances/credits from vendors
based on either sales or purchase volumes, right of return for expired product and non-saleable customer returns, and promotional
support. As the right of offset exists under these arrangements, credit earned under these arrangements are recorded as a reduction
in the vendors' accounts payable balances on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and represent the estimated amounts due to the
Company under the provisions of such contracts. Amounts expected to be received from vendors relating to the purchase of
merchandise inventories are recognized as a reduction to cost of sales as the merchandise is sold. Amounts that represent a
reimbursement of costs incurred, such as advertising, are recorded as a reduction to the related expense in the period that the



                                                                 16
