          Provision                  Section in          Summary of Development Agreement section(s)
                                    Development
                                     Agreement

 i. Franchisee’s obligations    Sections 12.5 and 12.7   You will have no right to establish or operate a
 on termination/non-renewal                              GNC Store for which a Franchise Agreement has
                                                         not been executed by us and delivered to you at the
                                                         time of termination.

                                                         You must immediately cease to operate your
                                                         business and may not directly or indirectly
                                                         represent to the public or hold yourself out as a
                                                         present or former developer of us; immediately
                                                         cease to use in any manner any confidential
                                                         information and Proprietary Marks; promptly pay
                                                         all sums owing to us and our affiliates; promptly
                                                         pay to us all damages, costs and expenses,
                                                         including reasonable attorneys’ fees and court
                                                         costs, incurred by us in connection with the
                                                         termination of the development agreement; and
                                                         turn over to us all manuals, records, files,
                                                         instructions, correspondence and all other materials
                                                         relating to the operation of your business.

                                                         You must strictly comply with the post-
                                                         termination/post-expiration covenant not to
                                                         compete and non-solicitation covenant in the
                                                         development agreement and continue to abide by
                                                         the restrictions pertaining to the use of our
                                                         confidential information.

                                                         Cross Termination of Agreements. If we
                                                         terminate you because of your default, we may, at
                                                         our option, immediately terminate upon written
                                                         notice, all other agreements between (i) us (or our
                                                         affiliates) and (ii) you, your affiliates or principals
                                                         or any entity in which you or any principal,
                                                         manager, partner or joint venture of you, directly or
                                                         indirectly, has any interest of ownership or
                                                         participation. This could result in the termination
                                                         of one or more other agreements that may or may
                                                         not relate directly to your business. This could also
                                                         result in the termination of one or more other
                                                         development agreements or franchise agreements
                                                         for other GNC Stores and any agreements related
                                                         to those other GNC Stores, regardless of location.

 j. Assignment of contract by   Section 11.1             No restriction on our right to assign.
 franchisor



                                                 89
07/18/2025
