                                                                                                  ILLINOIS


                                 STATE OF ILLINOIS
                    ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT


        In recognition of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act of 1987 (the “Act”), the following additional
disclosures are added to this disclosure document:

1.      The following shall be added to Item 17:

        Sec. 705/4. Any provision in a franchise agreement that designates jurisdiction or venue in a forum
        outside of Illinois is void provided that a franchise agreement may provide for arbitration in a forum
        outside of Illinois.

        Sec. 705/41. Any condition, stipulation or provision purporting to bind any person acquiring any
        franchise to waive compliance with any provision of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act or any
        other law of Illinois is void. This Section shall not prevent any person from entering into a
        settlement agreement or executing a general release regarding a potential or actual lawsuit filed
        under any of the provisions of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, nor shall it prevent the
        arbitration of any claim pursuant to the provisions of Title 9 of the United States Code.

2.      Illinois law governs the franchise agreement(s).

3.      Franchisees’ rights upon termination and non-renewal are set forth in Sections 19 and 20 of the
        Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act.

4.      No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection
        with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims
        under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
        reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf
        of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in
        connection with the franchise.




07/18/2025
