                                                                                          WASHINGTON


                             STATE OF WASHINGTON
                ADDENDUM TO ASSET PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT

In recognition of the requirements of the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, Wash. Rev.
Code §§ 19.100.010 through 19.100.940, the parties to the attached GNC HOLDINGS, LLC ASSET
PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) agree as follows:

1.     In the event of a conflict of laws, the provisions of the Washington Franchise Investment Protection
       Act, Chapter 19.100 RCW, will prevail.

2.     The state of Washington has a statute, RCW 19.100.180, which may supersede the Agreement in
       Purchaser’s relationship with Seller including the areas of termination and renewal of the
       Agreement. There may also be court decisions which may supersede the Agreement in Purchaser’s
       relationship with the Seller including the areas of termination and renewal of the Agreement.

3.     In any arbitration or mediation involving a franchise purchased in Washington, the arbitration or
       mediation site will be either in the state of Washington, or in a place mutually agreed upon at the
       time of the arbitration or mediation, or as determined by the arbitrator or mediator at the time of
       arbitration or mediation. In addition, if litigation is not precluded by the Agreement, Franchisee
       may bring an action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with the sale of franchises, or a
       violation of the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, in Washington.

4.     A release or waiver of rights executed by Purchaser will not include rights under the Washington
       Franchise Investment Protection Act or any rule or order thereunder except when executed pursuant
       to a negotiated settlement after the agreement is in effect and where Purchaser is represented by
       independent counsel. Provisions such as those which unreasonably restrict or limit the statute of
       limitations period for claims under the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, or rights
       or remedies under the Act, such as a right to jury trial, may not be enforceable.

5.     Transfer fees are collectible to the extent they reflect Seller’s reasonable estimated or actual costs
       in effecting a transfer.

6.     Pursuant to RCW 49.62.020, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable against an
       employee, including an employee of Purchaser, unless the employee’s earnings from the party
       seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $100,000 per year (an amount that will be adjusted
       annually for inflation). In addition, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable against
       an independent contractor of Purchaser under 49.62.030 unless the independent contractor’s
       earnings from the party seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $250,000 per year (an
       amount that will be adjusted for inflation). As a result, any provisions contained in the Agreement
       or elsewhere that conflict with these limitations are void and unenforceable in Washington.

7.     RCW 49.62.060 prohibits Seller from restricting, restraining, or prohibiting Purchaser from (i)
       soliciting or hiring any employee of a franchisee of Seller, or (ii) soliciting or hiring any employee
       of Seller. As a result, any such provisions contained in the Agreement or elsewhere are void and
       unenforceable in Washington.

8.     No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection
       with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims
       under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
       reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf



07/18/2025
