         B.      Inventory. Franchisee acknowledges the benefits to Franchisee of participation in the GNC
System and purchasing the Products and services sold at the GNC Store from common vendors and/or
distributors (including the benefits of scale that a large chain gets from its high-volume purchases).
Franchisee shall, at all times during the term of this Agreement, purchase inventory of products, either from
Franchisor or one of its Affiliates or from an approved supplier of such products, in such categories and
minimum quantities as are specified by Franchisor (“Inventory Plan”) and as are sufficient to sustain and
grow the Franchised Business. Franchisor may require Franchisee to purchase any or all of Franchisee’s
Store inventory, including GNC Brand Supplements and non-GNC brand products, exclusively from
Franchisor. Franchisor reserves the right to modify the Inventory Plan from time to time in its sole
discretion, by providing reasonable advance notice of such changes to Franchisee. Franchisor and its
Affiliates may derive profits from the sale of required or optional products. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, Franchisor and its Affiliates may receive payments, discounts or other consideration from
suppliers in consideration of such suppliers’ dealings with Franchisee and/or other GNC franchisees. Any
such amounts and benefits shall be kept by Franchisor as compensation for locating and negotiating with
suppliers for franchisees and may be used by Franchisor without restriction. Franchisor is not required to
give Franchisee an accounting of supplier payments or to share the benefit of supplier payments with
Franchisee or other GNC franchisees.

         C.      Use of Premises. Franchisee shall use the Store premises solely for the operation of the
Franchised Business (in conformity with this Agreement and the Manuals); agrees not to permit others to
carry on or conduct any other business, activity or operation at, in or about the Store premises; and shall
keep the business open and in normal operation for such minimum hours and days as Franchisor may from
time to time specify in the Manuals or otherwise in writing or as may be specified in the lease or sublease
for the Store premises.

        D.       Store Management. Franchisee and/or its designated manager shall devote full time energy
and best efforts to the management and operation of the Store.

        E.       Maintenance. Franchisee shall maintain the Store (including adjacent public areas) in a
clean, orderly condition, and in good repair; and, in connection therewith, the Store shall be refurbished in
accordance with Section 8, at Franchisee’s expense, including such additions, alterations, repairs, and
replacements thereto (but no others without Franchisor’s prior written consent) as may be required for that
purpose, including such periodic repainting, repairing, and replacing of obsolete signs, fixtures, and
furnishings as Franchisor may reasonably require.

        F.        Remodeling. Except as otherwise set forth in this Section 12.F., at Franchisor’s request,
but no more often than once every five (5) years unless more frequently required by the Landlord of the
Store location, the Store (including signs, fixtures, furnishings and Store layout) shall be remodeled in
accordance with Section 8, at Franchisee’s expense, to conform to the building design, trade dress, color
schemes, and presentation of trademarks and service marks consistent with the then-current public image
of the System and the particular type and grade of location for the Store and as necessary, as determined by
Franchisor in its sole discretion, to protect the value, goodwill and uniformity symbolized by the Proprietary
Marks and the System. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Franchisee is franchising a Conversion Store
location in connection with this Agreement, upon entering into this Agreement with Franchisor, Franchisor
may require the Store to be remodeled in accordance with Section 8, at Franchisee’s expense. This Section
12.F. does not include, and is separate from, Store changes or modifications that Franchisor requires in
connection with the Visual Merchandising Playbook. This Section 12.F. also does not include additional
changes or modifications that Franchisor may require, at Franchisee’s expense, in Store equipment,
technology or electronic platforms, as further described in Section 12.I. below.


                                                     12

07/18/2025
