or expiration of this Agreement, including the indemnity and confidentiality obligations herein, shall
survive such termination or expiration.

         L.      Refund of Initial Franchise Fee. If this Agreement terminates during the Pre-Opening
Period before the Store opens because of the Franchisee’s death, if Franchisee is a natural person, Franchisor
will refund the Initial Franchise Fee. In the event of expiration or termination for any other reason, the
Initial Franchise Fee will not be refundable. If this Agreement terminates for any reason during the Pre-
Opening Period before the Store opens, Franchisor and its Affiliates will not be required to refund or
reimburse Franchisee for any other costs incurred and/or paid during the Pre-Opening Period, including,
without limitation, construction costs, build-out costs and relocation costs.

         M.       Cross-Termination upon Termination of this Agreement. In the event of the termination
of this Agreement by Franchisor under Section 20 hereof, Franchisor shall be entitled, at its option, to
terminate all Related Agreements (as defined in Attachment A) immediately on written notice to
Franchisee. This means that Franchisor may, at its option, immediately terminate, upon notice and without
opportunity to cure, all other agreements between (i) Franchisor (or its Affiliates) and (ii) Franchisee, its
Affiliates or any Entity in which Franchisee or any Principal, manager, partner or joint venture of
Franchisee, directly or indirectly, has any interest of ownership or participation. Franchisee acknowledges
that this provision may result in the termination of one or more other Related Agreements that relate to the
Franchised Business. Franchisee further acknowledges that this provision may result in the termination of
one or more other franchise agreements for other GNC Stores and any agreements related to those other
GNC Stores, regardless of location.

        N.      Cross-Termination upon Expiration of this Agreement. In the event of the expiration of
this Agreement, Franchisor shall be entitled, at its option, to terminate all Related Agreements (as defined
in Attachment A, except that for purposes of expiration, the second sentence of the definition shall not
apply) immediately upon written notice to Franchisee, without opportunity to cure.

        22.      BUSINESS PROTECTIVE COVENANTS.

         A.       Business Protective Covenants Applicable During Franchise Term. During the term of this
Agreement, except as otherwise approved in writing by Franchisor, Franchisee shall not, directly or
indirectly, for itself, or through, on behalf of, or in conjunction with any other person or Entity: (i) divert
or attempt to divert any business or customer of the Franchised Business to any Competitive Business, by
direct or indirect inducement or otherwise, (ii) do or perform, directly or indirectly, any other act injurious
or prejudicial to the goodwill associated with the Proprietary Marks and the GNC System; or (iii) own,
maintain, advise, control, operate, help, invest in, make loans to, be employed by, engage in, or have any
direct or indirect interest in any Competitive Business, regardless of location.

         B.        Post-Termination/Transfer Business Protective Covenants. Except as otherwise approved
in writing by Franchisor, for a continuous uninterrupted period commencing upon the expiration or
termination of this Agreement for any reason, or following the date of a Transfer by Franchisee, and
continuing for one (1) year thereafter, Franchisee shall not, directly or indirectly, for itself, or through, on
behalf of, or in conjunction with any other person or Entity: (i) own, maintain, advise, control, operate,
help, invest in, make loans to, be employed by, act as a director, representative or agent of, engage in, or
have any interest in any Competitive Business which is located within the Protected Territory or located
within five (5) miles of the Approved Location or any GNC Store or General Nutrition Center or any other
retail outlet that is owned by Franchisor or an Affiliate of Franchisor; or (ii) own, maintain, advise, control,
operate, help, invest in, make loans to, be employed by, act as a director, representative or agent of, engage
in, or have any interest in any Competitive Business that operates (in whole or in part) via the Internet or
World Wide Web or any other electronic platform.
                                                      34

07/18/2025
