                                 Report of Independent Auditors


To the Management of GNC Holdings, LLC

Opinion

We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of GNC Holdings, LLC and
its subsidiaries (the "Company"), which comprise the consolidated balance sheets as of December
31, 2024, and December 31, 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of
comprehensive (loss) income, of member's equity and of cash flows for the years ended December
31, 2024, December 31, 2023, and December 31, 2022 including the related notes (collectively
referred to as the "consolidated financial statements").

In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2024, and December 31, 2023,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2024,
December 31, 2023, and December 31, 2022, in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.

Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United
States of America (US GAAS). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in
the Auditors' Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of
our report. We are required to be independent of the Company and to meet our other ethical
responsibilities, in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our audit. We
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
for our audit opinion.

Responsibilities of Management for the Consolidated Financial Statements

Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial
statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America, and for the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the
preparation and fair presentation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether
there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the
Company's ability to continue as a going concern for one year after the date the consolidated
financial statements are available to be issued.

Auditors' Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to
issue an auditors' report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of
assurance but is not absolute assurance and therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted
in accordance with US GAAS will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. The risk of
not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
override of internal control. Misstatements are considered material if there is a substantial
likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, they would influence the judgment made by a
reasonable user based on the consolidated financial statements.



                                                   3
