product, and that the Biotin products do not warn of the serious danger that taking mega-doses of Biotin
will make medical tests materially inaccurate. Plaintiff claims that she suffered injury through her purchase
of Biotin, and that defendant’s representations and sales practices are omissive, deceptive and misleading
in violation of the New York Consumer Protection from Deceptive Acts and Practices Law, N.Y. Gen. Bus.
Law section 349. Plaintiff is seeking declaratory and injunctive relief, unspecified actual and statutory
damages, and attorneys’ fees and costs. The plan administrator in the bankruptcy case described in Item 4
of this disclosure document is currently evaluating and handling all claims of which it has been made aware
filed against the former franchisor and its affiliated debtor companies. We are unaware of the status of this
matter, despite efforts to obtain updates from our predecessor.

         Environmental Research Center, Inc. vs. General Nutrition Corporation, General Nutrition Centers,
Inc., and GNC Holdings, Inc. (Superior Court of the State of California, Alameda County, Case No.
RG19024023). On June 21, 2019, plaintiff, a non-profit California corporation, filed a complaint against
the former franchisor and its parent companies claiming that numerous products sold at GNC stores contain
lead and cadmium. Plaintiff alleges that these chemicals have been officially listed by the State of
California as chemicals known to cause cancer, birth defects, and other reproductive harm, and that
defendants have sold certain identified products that contain these chemicals in California without requisite
warning information. Plaintiff alleges causes of action for violation of Health and Safety Code section
25249, et seq., by knowingly exposing individuals who ingest these products to lead and cadmium without
first providing a clear and reasonable warning to such individuals as required by the statute. Plaintiff seeks
injunctive relief, civil penalties, and attorneys’ fees and costs. The plan administrator in the bankruptcy
case described in Item 4 of this disclosure document is currently evaluating and handling all claims of which
it has been made aware filed against the former franchisor and its affiliated debtor companies. We are
unaware of the status of this matter, despite efforts to obtain updates from our predecessor.

         Erika McCartney, in the public interest v. GNC Corporation, GNC, Inc., GNC Holdings, Inc., GNC
Parent Corporation, et al (Superior Court of California, Alameda County, Case No.: RG17882105). On
January 15, 2019, plaintiff, a resident of California, filed an Amended Complaint alleging that certain
products sold at GNC stores contain lead. Plaintiff claims that the alleged conduct violates the warning
provision of California’s Proposition 65, Health and Safety Code section 25249.5, et seq., which makes it
unlawful for businesses to knowingly and intentionally expose individuals in California to chemicals known
to the State to cause cancer, birth defects, or other reproductive harm without providing clear and reasonable
warnings to individuals prior to their exposure. Plaintiff claims that defendants have introduced products
contaminated with significant quantities of lead into the California marketplace, exposing consumers of the
products to lead, and that defendants have provided no warning about the reproductive hazards associated
with lead exposure. Plaintiff seeks for the court to assess civil penalties against defendants, to enjoin
defendants from committing further violations of Health and Safety Code section 25249.5, and to award
attorneys’ fees and costs. The plan administrator in the bankruptcy case described in Item 4 of this
disclosure document is currently evaluating and handling all claims of which it has been made aware filed
against the former franchisor and its affiliated debtor companies. We are unaware of the status of this
matter, despite efforts to obtain updates from our predecessor.

         Tawney L. Chevalier, et al. v. General Nutrition Centers, Inc. and General Nutrition Corporation
(Court of Common Pleas, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, No. 13-017194, Superior Court of
Pennsylvania, No. 1437 WDA 2016). The case was filed in the Court of Common Pleas of Allegheny
County, Pennsylvania, on September 19, 2013, as a class action on behalf of all GNC employees in
Pennsylvania who were paid overtime pursuant to the fluctuating workweek (“FWW”) method of
compensation. Plaintiffs allege that the Pennsylvania Minimum Wage Act (“PMWA”) does not permit
defendants to use the FWW method. In 2014, the Court agreed with plaintiffs, holding that the FWW
method was not consistent with the public policy objectives of the PMWA. In May 2016, the Court ruled
that it would not consider whether defendants were permitted to use the “basic rate” formula of 34 Pa. Code
§ 231.43(d)(3) to calculate overtime compensation. The Court also ruled that under the PMWA, the

                                                     11
07/18/2025
