        “Immediate Family Member” means, for purposes of the Administrative Transfer definition above,
any child, stepchild, parent, stepparent, spouse, sibling, brother-in-law, or sister-in-law, and shall include
adoptive relationships.

        “Incapacity” means the inability of Franchisee, or, if Franchisee is an Entity, its Designated
Principal, to actively participate in its activities as Franchisee hereunder for any reason for a continuous
period of six months.

       “Initial Franchise Fee” shall be the fee set forth opposite “Initial Franchise Fee” in the Selected
Term Summary of this Agreement.

        “Initial Term” means the period commencing on the Store Opening Date and ending on the fifth
(5th) anniversary of the Store Opening Date, as may be adjusted by Franchisor pursuant to Section 3.A. of
the Agreement.

        “Manuals” means all of Franchisor’s confidential operations manuals, which may consist of printed
manuals, computerized documents or software, information provided on the Internet or an Extranet,
audiotapes, videotapes, or any other medium Franchisor adopts periodically for use with the GNC System
and designates as part of the Manuals, including the Franchise Operations Manual and the Visual
Merchandising Playbook, and any other manuals that we may develop or prescribe from time to time, which
may consist of more than one (1) volume, as the same may be revised and supplemented from time to time.

         “Media” includes any news organization, station, publication, show, website, weblog (blog),
bulletin board, chatroom, and/or program (past, present and/or future), whether published through the
means of print, radio, television, and/or the Internet or otherwise and any member, representative, agent
and/or employee of the same.

        “Period” means each of the twelve (12) accounting periods during a year based on a 4-4-5 retail
calendar, or such other accounting period as Franchisor may adopt from time to time.

        “POS System” means a computerized cash collection and data processing system.

        “Pre-Opening Obligations” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.B.

         “Pre-Opening Period” means the period commencing on the Agreement Date and ending on the
earlier of (i) 240 days following the Agreement Date or (ii) the Store Opening Date; or such longer period
as may be permitted by Franchisor in its sole discretion.

        “Principals” means all persons or Entities holding a legal or beneficial ownership interest in
Franchisee, directly or indirectly, including any Entity directly or indirectly controlling Franchisee and all
persons or Entities that have any other direct or indirect interest in Franchisee or Franchisee’s assets.

         “Products” mean vitamin and mineral supplements, sports nutrition products, herbs, health foods,
beauty and miscellaneous healthcare products, diet products, sports accessories, physical fitness products
and specialty workout apparel and related products approved for sale by the Store by Franchisor from time
to time, and not later disapproved.

        “Proprietary Marks” mean the trademarks, trade names, service marks, logos, emblems, insignia
and other commercial symbols (including the marks “GNC”, “GENERAL NUTRITION CENTER”, and
“GNC LIVE WELL”) developed and approved for use by Franchisor under the GNC System from time to
time.



07/18/2025
