Agreement and, if applicable, other agreements between the franchisee and us or our affiliates, as we deem
necessary for adequate security. If the franchisee is not an individual, all principals of the franchise
organization (i.e. persons or partners who sign the Franchise Agreement and in the case of a corporation,
partnership or limited liability company, the shareholders, partners, managers or members of that
organization), and their spouses, to personally guarantee that any and all amounts due and owing to us or
our affiliates will be paid in accordance with the terms disclosed in our Franchise Agreement and, if
applicable, other agreements between the franchisee and us or our affiliates, as we deem necessary for
adequate security. This guarantee gives us the right to collect any amounts due us or our affiliates from you
personally.

WAIVER OF DEFENSES

         The Franchise Agreement, Guarantee, Development Agreement, Product Sales Agreement, Asset
Purchase and Sale Agreement, and Sublease contain a provision in which you waive the defense of forum
non conveniens, that is, the claim that the court in which the action is brought is inconvenient or
inappropriate, and your right to a jury trial (See Exhibit G, Product Sales Agreement, Sections 7 and 9;
Franchise Agreement, Sections 29.D and 29.E; Guarantee, Attachment E to Franchise Agreement, Sections
8 and 9; Development Agreement, Sections 20.4 and 20.5; Exhibit H, Asset Purchase and Sale Agreement,
Section 13.3; and (Exhibit I, Sublease, Sections 17 and 18). The P.O.S. Program License Agreement
contains a provision in which you waive your right to a jury trial (See Exhibit J, P.O.S. Program License
Agreement, Section 18). Generally, you have the right to a jury trial in civil litigation. The laws of certain
states do not permit you to waive your right to a jury trial. The Franchise Agreement, Guarantee, Product
Sales Agreement, and Sublease contain a confession of judgment provision (See Guarantee, Attachment E
to Franchise Agreement, Section 10; Exhibit G, Product Sales Agreement, Section 8; Franchise Agreement,
Section 29.C; and Exhibit I, Sublease, Section 16). The laws of certain states may not permit us to exercise
the confession of judgment remedy.

THIRD PARTY FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS

        Small Business Administration Program Lending

        The U.S. Small Business Administration (“SBA”) provides a number of financial assistance
 programs for small businesses, including franchise financing. 7(a) loans are the most basic and most
 common loan of the SBA's business loan programs. SBA loans are not provided by the SBA but rather by
 lenders that participate with the SBA in the 7(a) loan program. The SBA typically charges a guaranty fee
 along with other usual and customary lender closing costs associated with providing the loan.

        Interest rates are subject to SBA maximums and are tied to a spread over the prime rate, the LIBOR
rate, or an optional peg rate. Interest rates may be fixed or variable. Additional and more specific
information on the SBA 7(a) and other SBA loan programs and a list of participating lenders can be found
at www.sba.gov. However, to the extent that the SBA requires as a condition to any loan that we
subordinate our interests to theirs, our decision to do so is in our sole discretion, and we may not agree.

OTHER FINANCING INFORMATION

        We are unable to estimate whether you will be able to obtain financing for all or any part of your
investment. If you obtain financing from others, we cannot predict the terms of that financing other than as
described in this Item 10.




                                                     55
07/18/2025
