        If you enter into a Development Agreement, we must approve the location for each of your future
GNC Stores under the Development Agreement and will determine any protected territories for those
Stores, and our then-current standards for sites and protected territories will apply for each location (See
Item 12 for more information).

          If we approve your site, you must contact the landlord to negotiate the actual lease terms for the
location. You must not include any radius restrictions for GNC Stores or protected territory language in
your lease. The lease must also have a provision which requires the landlord to give us notice of your
default; a provision that landlord must provide us with copies of all written notices of default sent to the
tenant; a provision that, should the tenant fail to cure any default, including abandonment of the premises,
the landlord must notify us in writing of its intention to terminate the lease prior to landlord exercising any
right to terminate; a provision that allows us to enter the premises to take such necessary reasonable actions
to protect our Proprietary Marks and the System; and a provision that allows us to enter and take possession
of any fixtures, furniture, equipment and inventory in which we have a security interest. You are
responsible for ensuring that the required provisions are in the lease and that there are no radius restrictions
for GNC Stores or protected territory language in the lease. We generally will not review your lease for
compliance with these requirements. Your failure to meet these requirements, however, could result in the
termination of your Franchise Agreement.

         When you have concluded your lease negotiations with the landlord, you must submit the fully-
executed lease to us within 30 days of execution. You acknowledge that time is of the essence, and that we
generally will not sign a Franchise Agreement until you have submitted to us either a fully-executed lease
or a letter of intent from the landlord. Any amendment to the lease must also be submitted to us within 30
days of execution.

        We must receive your fully-executed lease before construction of your Store can begin. Generally,
when we have received a copy of your fully-executed lease, we will begin the initial survey and other pre-
construction items (e.g., Store design and permit process for the Store).

         We strongly encourage and recommend that you retain legal counsel to assist you in directly leasing
a Store site. We also suggest that you submit your lease to your attorney for review before you execute the
lease. All costs associated with the lease negotiations, legal fees, accounting fees, lease review, and Store
construction are your sole responsibility. We will not guarantee the lease on your behalf, nor will we review
your lease for accuracy.

TABLE OF CONTENTS OF THE FRANCHISE OPERATIONS MANUAL

         The table of contents of the version of the Franchise Operations Manual current as of the date of
this disclosure document is set forth in Exhibit C. This Manual is used for and applies to all of our
franchisees. The number of pages devoted to each subject in this Manual is as follows: 5 pages to Table
of Contents; 9 pages to Code of Conduct; 6 pages to Franchise Concept; 17 pages to Operational Support;
32 pages to Business Planning; 16 pages to Administration; 55 pages to Cash Control; 47 pages to Inventory
Control; 14 pages to Merchandising; 45 pages to Personnel Management; 11 pages to Customer Service;
30 pages to Legal and Risk Management Information; 32 pages to Loss Prevention; 20 pages to
Maintenance and Quality Control; 11 pages to Payment Requirements; 3 pages to Internet Commerce; 5
pages to Transfers; 10 pages to myGNC Rewards; 18 pages to Direct Purchase; 23 pages to Local
Marketing, Advertising & Social Media; and 10 pages to Glossary. The total number of pages in this Manual
is 419 pages.




                                                      61
07/18/2025
