sole discretion; the location is in a state where we are permitted to sell GNC franchises; the location is
not located in a territory or location in which any other GNC franchisee has exclusive rights or a right of
first refusal; the location would not violate any other protected or restricted territories that we have granted
or may in the future grant, such as in connection with a joint venture or Rite Aid or other retailer; and the
location would not violate a radius restriction in any real estate lease. We must approve the location for
each of your future GNC Stores under the Development Agreement and will determine any protected
territories for those Stores, and our then-current standards for sites and protected territories will apply for
each location, which include proximity to other GNC Store locations and potential profitability of the Store
based on occupancy and other costs. Generally, we will not enter into a Franchise Agreement until a site
has been selected and approved.

          Upon the expiration or termination of the Development Agreement, except for the right of first
refusal discussed in this paragraph, you will have no further right to construct, own, open, or operate
additional franchised Stores which are not, at the time of such termination or expiration, the subject of a
then-existing Franchise Agreement with us which is in full force and effect, and we may thereafter
construct, own, open, or operate, or license others to construct, own, open, or operate Stores in your
Development Area, except within any Protected Territory (during the protective period) previously granted
to you pursuant to the terms of then-existing Franchise Agreements between you and us. If, for a period of
one year after the expiration of your Development Agreement, we identify within your Development Area
a site for a new franchised GNC Store, we will give you notice of that opportunity, and you will have a
right to franchise that location, if you execute and return a then current form of our Franchise Agreement
and disclosure document receipt, pay the initial franchise fee within 30 days of receipt of our notice, and
open the Store within the Pre-Opening Period of your Franchise Agreement. If you do not respond within
the 30-day notice period, waive your right to open the Store prior to expiration of the 30-day period, or do
not open the Store within the Pre-Opening Period, we will have the right to franchise or otherwise develop
the site, and your right of first refusal will expire. This right of first refusal will not apply to sites within the
Development Area that we identify to construct and operate as GNC corporate Stores.

RESTRICTIONS UPON SOLICITATION OR ACCEPTANCE OF ORDERS

        We do not place restrictions upon any orders you solicit or accept inside your Protected Territory
regardless of the type of franchise acquired, as long as the solicitation meets the criteria outlined in Section
17, “Advertising” of your Franchise Agreement, and the solicitation does not violate the Franchise
Agreement. In addition, we reserve the right to solicit or accept orders for products inside your Protected
Territory. Further, in our Franchise Agreement, we reserve the right to directly market products, which
may include products under the same brands that you sell. Direct marketing includes, but is not limited to,
mail-order catalogues, telemarketing and the Internet.

RELOCATION OF YOUR FRANCHISE

         If you cannot continue to operate your GNC franchise due to an act of God (including but not
limited to fire, flood, or earthquake) or due to extreme hardship or other circumstances approved by us, we
may, in our sole discretion, give you permission to relocate your Store, provided that we may reduce, alter,
or eliminate the Protected Territory. You must obtain our prior written approval before you can relocate
your franchise, and you and your principals must sign a general release in the form prescribed by us and
pay the applicable relocation fee (See Item 6).

INTERNET AND DIRECT MARKETING

       Your franchise is limited to the operation of a GNC Store for retail sales only at the Approved
Location. You may not use any alternative distribution channels (other than programs we may approve in

                                                         68
07/18/2025
