                                                   ITEM 5

                                               INITIAL FEES
INITIAL FRANCHISE FEE

          Before you are awarded a franchise for a GNC Store, you must sign a Franchise Agreement with
us and pay us an initial franchise fee. The initial franchise fee is payable in a lump sum and is fully earned
when the Franchise Agreement is signed. The initial franchise fee for a GNC Store varies in accordance
with the table below. Other initial fees that you must pay to us before you open your Store are also described
in this Item.

                                                                                  Initial Franchise Fee
             New Franchise Store
               – If awarded to a New Franchisee                                           $20,000
               – If awarded to an Existing Franchisee (See Note 1)                        $15,000
               – If awarded to an Employee (See Note 2)                                   $15,000
             Conversion Store
               – If awarded to a New Franchisee                                           $20,000
               – If awarded to an Existing Franchisee (See Note 1)                        $15,000
               – If awarded to an Employee (See Note 2)                                   $15,000
             Inclusion of a GNC Smoothie Bar                                               $1,000


Notes to Table:

         1. You must be a current franchisee in good standing or have a controlling interest in a corporation,
company or partnership that is a franchisee in good standing. “Good standing” means, among other criteria,
that the existing franchisee is not in default under any existing agreement between it and us or our affiliates,
and does not have a past-due accounts receivable (A/R) balance in any Store, including affiliated Stores.

       2. You must have been an employee of ours full-time for at least 12 months or part-time for at least
24 months prior to the date you execute the Franchise Agreement.

        3. If you are leasing your location directly from the landlord, or if you are subleasing the location
from us, and the remaining term of the lease is shorter than the 5-year term of the Franchise Agreement,
then we may, in our sole discretion, adjust the term of your Franchise Agreement and, if applicable, the
sublease, to match the term of the lease. In such case, we may, in our sole discretion, charge an initial
franchise fee that is less than the fee that would otherwise be charged.

AREA DEVELOPMENT FEE

         Under the Development Agreement, you will obtain the right to develop and open an agreed upon
number of GNC Stores, provided you do so in accordance with the specified Development Schedule. You
must open a minimum of two GNC stores under the Development Agreement. You must pay us a
development fee (“Development Fee”) equal to the sum of the following: (i) a development rights fee for
the Development Area (which will be determined by us and will vary depending on the location of the
Development Area and other factors we deem relevant), (ii) a fee equal to the applicable initial franchise
fee shown in the table above for the first GNC Store you agree to develop and open, and (iii) a fee equal to
fifty percent (50%) of the total initial franchise fees for the remaining GNC Stores required to be developed

                                                      24
07/18/2025
