       7. Condition of Premises

        Except as specifically set forth herein, and based upon the fact that Sublessee is accepting
the Premises in an "as is" condition, neither Sublessor nor Sublessor's agents have made any
representations or promises with respect to the Premises or the equipment and improvements
therein situated or the physical condition thereof. Sublessee accepts the Premises in an "as is"
condition.

        Neither Sublessor nor Sublessor's agents have made any representations or promises with
respect to the Premises or the Overlease including, but not limited to, the physical condition of the
building or the equipment or improvements therein, the land upon which it is erected, the rents,
leases, expenses of operation, or any other matter or thing affecting or related to the Premises,
except as herein expressly set forth, and no rights, easements or licenses are acquired by Sublessee
by implication or otherwise except as expressly set forth in the provisions of the Sublease.
Sublessee acknowledges that the taking of possession of the Premises by Sublessee shall be
conclusive evidence that the Premises and the building of which the same form a part are in good
and satisfactory condition at the time such possession was so taken, except as otherwise provided
herein and except for latent defects, if any. Sublessor shall be under no obligation to make and/or
pay for any alterations, additions, installations, substitutions, improvements or decorations to the
Premises.

       8. Sublessee's Rights Against Overlandlord

        Sublessor agrees that in the event Overlandlord fails or refuses to comply with any
provision of the Overlease affecting the Premises or any part thereof or the access to or use or
occupancy thereof, then Sublessee shall have the right, but shall not be obligated in its own name
or as the true and lawful representative of Sublessor in Sublessor's name, but at Sublessee's sole
cost and expense, to require and obtain performance by Overlandlord pursuant to the terms of the
Overlease. Sublessor covenants and agrees that in the event of such failure or refusal by
Overlandlord, provided that the same shall be without cost or expense to it, and is requested by
Sublessee, Sublessor shall join in and give its full cooperation and assistance to any action or
proceeding in connection with or resulting from Overlandlord's failure or refusal to comply with
any of the terms, covenants and conditions of the Overlease affecting the Premises or the access
to or the use or occupancy thereof.

       9.    Overlease Audits

       Sublessor may (but is not obligated to) conduct periodic audits of Common Area
Maintenance (CAM) charges and other charges under the Overlease. Sublessee shall provide or
make available such records and information as may be necessary for Sublessor to conduct and
complete such audits. Sublessor agrees to pass on any savings resulting from such audits to
Sublessee; provided, that Sublessor shall be entitled to retain, or invoice Sublessee for, as the case
may be, an amount equal to Thirty Percent (30%) of any such savings. Sublessee agrees to pay
any invoice in accordance with its terms.




07/18/2025
