        The Franchise Agreement provides that we will consider any use of the Proprietary Marks not
authorized by its terms an infringement. You are prohibited from using the Proprietary Marks as part of
your corporate or other legal name without our prior written consent or in a way that is inconsistent with
our System.

                                                 ITEM 14

                PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION

PATENTS AND COPYRIGHTS

        We do not own any right in any patents or registered copyrights that are material to the franchise.

CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION

         You must not, during the term of the Franchise Agreement or Development Agreement or after the
expiration of the Franchise Agreement or Development Agreement, communicate, divulge, or use for the
benefit of any other person, persons, partnerships, associations, or corporation any confidential information,
trade secrets, knowledge, or know-how about the methods of operation of the franchised business which
we may communicate to you, or of which you may be apprised, because you operate under the terms of the
Franchise Agreement or Development Agreement. You may divulge this confidential information only to
your employees who must have access to it in order to operate the franchised business and have signed our
required confidentiality agreement. Any information, knowledge, know-how or techniques, including
drawings, materials, equipment, formulas, specifications, techniques, and other data and any information,
knowledge or know-how which you derive by analysis of these items, is deemed confidential for purposes
of the Franchise Agreement and Development Agreement, except information which you can demonstrate
came to your attention before our disclosure on a non-confidential basis; or which was publicly known by
publication or communication by others, at the time of our disclosure or thereafter through no breach of the
Franchise Agreement or Development Agreement.

        You must sign covenants, on our approved form, which provide that you will maintain the
confidentiality of information received in connection with the operation of the franchised business. Our
form will also specifically identify us and deem us a third-party beneficiary of these covenants with the
independent right to enforce them.

CONFIDENTIAL MANUALS

        You must conduct your business according to the Manuals, and any other written directives that
we may issue to you (whether or not such directives are included in the Manuals). Periodically, our field
representatives, or a third party that we hire, will review your Store to see whether your operations comply
with the Manuals or other written directives. If your Store does not comply with the policies, standards,
and procedures required to be complied with by the Manuals or our other written directives, you may lose
your franchise rights.

        The Manuals, any written directives, and/or any other materials we issue or any modifications to
these materials are an extension of and will supplement your Franchise Agreement. You will receive
electronic access to the Manuals from us during the training program that is required under the Franchise
Agreement. The Manuals are a compilation of current operating policies, standards, and procedures for the
operation of your GNC Store. You must at all times operate your Store in accordance with the Manuals,
any other Manuals that we create for or approve for use in operating the franchised business, and treat all



                                                     73
07/18/2025
