        generally do not approve site submissions for franchises in enclosed malls with a total Gross
        Leasable Area of more than 500,000 square feet, unless you are an existing franchisee opening a
        new Store inside your protected territory and we approve the location.

 15.    We have relied on the years of experience that we and our predecessors have had in this business
        to compile this estimated range for Additional Funds. We have formulated this estimated range
        based on information from our corporate Stores and from our franchisees. The requirement for
        Additional Funds varies depending on the type and size of the Store you will open. This is the
        minimum amount of working capital we recommend you have on reserve to pay for the first three
        months of operational expenses, including rent, organizational costs, deposits, business licenses,
        insurance, replacement of inventory, POS maintenance fees, and salaries when you begin
        operations. These expenses include payroll costs. These figures are estimates and we cannot
        guarantee that you will not have additional expenses starting the business.

16.     We have relied on the years of experience that we and our predecessors have had in this business
        to compile these estimates. We have also relied on information we have obtained from our
        franchisees. The cost estimates given in this table are based upon corporate and franchised Stores
        that have been opened in strip center locations.

        The total figures do not include compensation for your time or labor, nor do they take into account
        any finance charges or other costs which you may incur to finance all or any portion of your
        investment.


                                                  ITEM 8

                 RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

REQUIRED PURCHASES AND LEASES

         You must install and use in or about the Store only the equipment, furniture, fixtures, graphics,
inventory, and other items (collectively “items”) we prescribe or approve through the Manuals or otherwise
in writing. You must comply with our minimum inventory requirements, and carry and offer for sale the
quality and brand of vitamin and mineral supplements, including GNC Brand Supplements, and all other
products which we may specify in the Manuals or otherwise in writing. You must not offer or sell any
product of any kind or character without our express prior written consent. We may approve or disapprove
items at any time and for any reason, and if a product is disapproved by us or any law, statute or regulation,
you must discontinue that product (whether or not previously authorized by us) promptly, upon notice from
us.

        In evaluating products, among the many factors we may consider are a product’s safety,
specifications, consumer demand, efficacy, reputation, manufacturer, prominence in the market,
competitive position, availability to all GNC Stores, price, profit margins, and competitiveness with other
products we sell or approve. We also will consider whether a product fits within our current or potential
marketing and merchandising programs and other business factors. We have no duty or obligation to
approve a product, even if it reasonably satisfies all of these criteria.

       The following is a list of items we require you to purchase, either from us or approved suppliers or
under our specifications, in order to establish and/or operate your franchise. Currently, we are the only
approved supplier of your POS and peripherals and iPad and peripherals; most of your inventory; and
equipment, fixtures, signage, and materials for construction and operation of a standard GNC Store design.

                                                     47
07/18/2025
