                                                                                        SOUTH DAKOTA


                                STATE OF SOUTH DAKOTA
                           ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT


In recognition of the requirements of the South Dakota Franchise Investment law (SDCL 37-5B), the parties
to the attached GNC HOLDINGS, LLC FRANCHISE AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) agree as follows:

1.      The Agreement shall be supplemented by the following paragraph:

        Pursuant to SDCL 37-5B-21, any condition, stipulation or provision requiring a franchisee to waive
        compliance with or relieving a person of a duty or liability imposed by or a right provided by the
        Franchise Investment chapter (SDCL 37-5B) or a rule or order under the Franchise Investment
        chapter is void.

2.      No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in connection
        with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims
        under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
        reliance on any statement made by Franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of
        Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with
        the franchise.

3.      Each provision of this Addendum will be effective only to the extent, with respect to such provision,
        that the jurisdictional requirements of the South Dakota Franchise Investment law are met
        independently without reference to this Addendum.

4.      Except as otherwise provided in this Addendum, all the other terms, covenants and agreements in
        the Agreement shall remain the same, and the Agreement, as amended, shall continue in full force
        and effect. To the extent this Addendum is inconsistent with any terms or conditions of the
        Agreement or the Attachments thereto, the terms of this Addendum shall govern.


                                         [Signature Page Follows]




07/18/2025
