        The undersigned agree that this General Release is not intended nor shall it be construed
as an admission of any wrongdoing or liability and that it shall not be admissible in evidence in
any suit or proceeding whatsoever as evidence or admission of any liability.

         Any individual who signs this General Release in a representative capacity for a
corporation, limited liability company or other entity that is a party to this General Release hereby
represents and warrants that he or she is duly authorized by action of such corporation, limited
liability company or other entity to execute this release on its behalf.

        With respect to the matters hereinabove released, the undersigned knowingly waive all
rights and protection, if any, under Section 1542 of the California Civil Code, or under any similar
law of any state or territory of the United States of America. Section 1542 provides as follows:

               General Release: Extent. A general release does not extend to
               claims that the creditor or releasing party does not know or suspect
               to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, and
               that, if known by him or her, would have materially affected his or
               her settlement with the debtor or released party.

         The undersigned acknowledges there is a risk that, after the execution of this General
Release, the undersigned will discover, incur, or suffer claims which are unknown or unanticipated
at the time of execution of this General Release and which, if known by the undersigned at the
time of execution, may have materially affected the undersigned’s decision to execute this General
Release. Nevertheless, the undersigned agrees that the undersigned intends to assume, and is
assuming, the risk of such unknown or unanticipated Claims, and that the Releasing Parties’
release of the Released Parties set forth in this General Release shall apply to any and all such
Claims. Neither the undersigned nor any other Releasing Party has assigned, transferred or
purported to assign or transfer to any other person or entity any of the Claims or any portion thereof
or interest therein and agrees to indemnify, defend and hold the Released Parties harmless from
and against any and all Claims based on or arising out of any such assignment or transfer or
purported assignment or transfer.

        This General Release shall be binding upon the undersigned and the other Releasing
Parties, and their heirs, successors and legal representatives. This General Release excludes
Claims arising from any representations in the Franchise Disclosure Document, or its exhibits or
amendments, provided by Franchisor to the undersigned in connection with the Development
Agreement. This General Release is not intended as a waiver of those rights of the undersigned
which cannot be waived under applicable state franchise laws nor is it intended to release any
Released Party from liability, if any, imposed by the Maryland Franchise Registration and
Disclosure Law. This General Release shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.

       It is the express intention of the undersigned and Franchisor that this General Release
be as broad as permitted by law.




07/18/2025
