such site, demographic and other data and information about the proposed site as reasonably
requested by Franchisor, using such forms as may be required by Franchisor. Franchisor shall
either accept or reject the proposed site using its then-current site selection policies and procedures.
In addition, Developer acknowledges and agrees that Franchisor’s acceptance of a proposed site
may be conditioned upon Developer meeting certain other requirements, and if Developer does
not, or is unable to meet such requirements within a reasonable time, the site will be deemed
rejected. To be effective, any acceptance of a proposed site by Franchisor must be in writing.
Developer acknowledges and agrees that Franchisor may reject any proposed site for any reason
in its sole discretion, in which event, Developer may not develop a GNC Store at the rejected site,
but must locate another proposed site for the GNC Store and submit it to Franchisor for acceptance
in accordance with this Agreement. Franchisor’s consent to or failure to consent to any site shall
not waive, extend or modify the Development Schedule.

        6.2     Disclaimer. The acquisition in any manner of any proposed site, whether by
option, purchase, lease or otherwise, prior to written acceptance by Franchisor shall be at the sole
risk and responsibility of Developer and shall not obligate Franchisor in any way to accept such
site or enter into a Franchise Agreement with Developer for the operation of a GNC Store at
such site. Developer understands and agrees that Franchisor’s approval of a site for a GNC
Store is not an assurance or a guarantee by Franchisor of the suitability of such site for a
GNC Store or that a GNC Store established at such site will be profitable or otherwise
successful. Developer agrees that the suitability of a site and the success of any GNC Store
depends on many factors outside the control of either Franchisor or Developer (including,
without limitation, such factors as competition, interest rates, unemployment rates, workforce
availability, demographic trends and the general economic climate) and further depends on
Developer’s efforts in the operation of the Store. In no event shall Franchisor be obligated to
loan money, guarantee leases or purchase agreements, provide financing or otherwise become
directly involved and/or obligated to Developer or to any third party in respect of such site selection
or development of any Store; these activities and undertakings, financially and otherwise, shall be
the exclusive responsibility of Developer.

       7.      CONSTRUCTION OF THE APPROVED SITE

        7.1    Architectural and Engineering Consultants. Unless Franchisor has approved
otherwise in writing, Developer agrees to use, at Developer’s expense, the architectural and
engineering consultants designated by Franchisor to obtain permitting for a standard GNC Store
design and to prepare architectural, electrical and mechanical drawings for each Store hereunder.
Upon Franchisor’s prior written approval, Developer may engage, at Developer’s expense, its own
architectural and engineering consultants to obtain permitting for a standard GNC Store design
and to prepare architectural, electrical and mechanical drawings for each Store hereunder. Any
such drawings prepared by Developer’s own architectural and engineering consultants must
comply with applicable governmental building codes and regulations.

        7.2    Construction by Franchisor. Unless Franchisor has approved otherwise in writing,
Franchisor will construct, at Developer’s expense, each Store hereunder. If Franchisor constructs
the Store, Franchisor will turn over custody and control of the Store to Developer upon substantial
completion of construction, provided that Developer is not then in breach of this Agreement.

                                                   6
07/18/2025
