day period (or five (5) day period in the case of the failure by Franchisee to pay any amounts due to
Franchisor by their due date) or such longer period as applicable law may require.

         D.      Termination by Franchisee on Notice with Opportunity to Cure. If Franchisee is in
compliance with this Agreement and Franchisor breaches this Agreement in any material respect and fails
to cure such material breach or put forth diligent efforts to cure such material breach within ninety (90)
days after written notice thereof is delivered to Franchisor, Franchisee may terminate this Agreement
effective ten (10) days after delivery to Franchisor of notice thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the
breach is curable but is of a nature which cannot reasonably be cured within such ninety (90) day period
and Franchisor has commenced and is continuing to make good faith efforts to cure such breach, Franchisor
shall be given an additional sixty (60) day period to cure the same, and this Agreement shall not terminate.
In the event of termination by Franchisee, all post-termination obligations of Franchisee described herein
shall not be waived but shall be strictly adhered to by Franchisee.

        21.      EFFECT OF AND OBLIGATIONS UPON TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION. Upon
expiration or termination of this Agreement, regardless of which party terminates this Agreement, all rights
granted hereunder to Franchisee shall forthwith terminate and be of no further force and effect, and:

         A.      Liquidated Damages. Franchisee acknowledges and confirms that by granting Franchisee
the license to operate the Store in the Protected Territory, Franchisor lost the opportunity to grant a franchise
in the Protected Territory to another person or Entity or itself to own and operate a Store within the Protected
Territory. Additionally, Franchisee confirms that Franchisor will suffer substantial damages by virtue of
the termination of this Agreement, including lost Royalty Fees, lost market penetration and goodwill in the
Protected Territory, lost opportunity costs and the expense Franchisor will incur in developing another
franchise in the Protected Territory, which damages are impractical and extremely difficult to ascertain
and/or calculate correctly, and the proof of which would be burdensome and costly, although such damages
are real and meaningful to Franchisor and the GNC System. Accordingly, in the event that Franchisor
terminates this Agreement for Franchisee’s default hereunder, Franchisee agrees to pay to Franchisor in a
lump sum on the effective date of termination, liquidated damages, which represent a fair and reasonable
estimate of Franchisor’s foreseeable losses as a result of such termination, and which are not in any way
intended to be a penalty, in an amount determined as follows:

                 (i)     the greater of (a) the average monthly amount of Royalty Fees payable by
Franchisee to Franchisor for the two (2) years immediately preceding the date of termination or (b) the
average monthly amount of Royalty Fees payable by Franchisee to Franchisor for the twelve (12-) month
period immediately preceding the date of termination; provided, however, if the Store has not been open
for at least twelve (12) months, the average monthly amount of Royalty Fees payable by Franchisee to
Franchisor for the months in which the Store has been open;

                 (ii)     multiplied by the number of months remaining in the then-current term of this
Agreement.

Franchisee acknowledges that its obligation to pay Franchisor liquidated damages is in addition to, and not
in lieu of, Franchisee’s obligations to pay other amounts due to Franchisor under this Agreement up to the
date of termination and to strictly comply with any other post-termination obligations required hereunder.
Should any valid, applicable law or regulation of a competent governmental authority having jurisdiction
over this Agreement limit Franchisee’s ability to pay, and Franchisor’s ability to receive, such liquidated
damages, Franchisee shall be liable to Franchisor for any and all damages which it incurs, now or in the
future, as a result of Franchisee’s default under this Agreement.


                                                       31

07/18/2025
