documents related to the organization of the Entity as Franchisor may reasonably request, and any
amendments thereto.

               (iii) Developer shall maintain an accurate list of the Principals and provide it to
Franchisor upon request. Developer acknowledges that any change in Principals or ownership
structure of Developer’s Entity shall constitute a transfer of ownership, subject to Franchisor’s
transfer requirements and provisions. Developer shall request Franchisor’s approval in writing
prior to making any changes to its organizational structure and shall comply with Franchisor’s
prescribed transfer requirements as contained in this Agreement and in any Franchise Agreement
entered into with Franchisor.

               (iv)    The Principals of Developer and their spouses, as may be specified by
Franchisor, shall execute the Guarantee attached hereto.

        8.3    Financial Ability. Developer, and at Franchisor’s request, each Principal, shall
provide Franchisor with the most recent financial statements of Developer and its Principals. Such
financial statements shall present the financial position of Developer and its Principals, as
applicable, as of the date indicated therein. Developer shall at all time during the term of this
Agreement maintain sufficient working capital to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement.

        8.4     Developer’s Activities. Developer shall not intentionally do anything that would
result in injury or fail to do anything that would prevent injury to the good name or reputation of
Franchisor or make any representations or claims regarding Franchisor or Franchisor’s products
not expressly authorized in writing by Franchisor. Developer shall conduct its operations in
accordance with good business practices and industry standards.

      9.      FRANCHISE AGREEMENTS

        Upon receiving Franchisor’s approval of a proposed site for development of a GNC Store,
Developer must (a) sign and deliver to Franchisor two copies of Franchisor’s then-current
Franchise Agreement (each, a “Franchise Agreement”) for the GNC Store, together with any
ancillary agreements required by the Franchise Agreement and (b) pay Franchisor the Franchise
Fee as required therein (as set forth in the Selected Term Summary) but consistent with Section 4
above. Once Franchisor has received the signed Franchise Agreement, the Franchise Fee and
all ancillary items it requires in satisfactory form, Franchisor will countersign the Franchise
Agreement and ancillary agreem ent s and return one fully executed set of contracts to
Developer. Developer understands that any obligation or liability Developer incurs with respect
to the proposed GNC Store or location before Franchisor has approved it in writing and sent
Developer the countersigned Franchise Agreement is at Developer’s sole risk, and will be
Developer’s sole responsibility. With respect to any Franchise Agreement executed in connection
with this Agreement, Franchisor acknowledges and agrees that:

              (i)    the initial term of each Franchise Agreement will be 5 years with the
subsequent option to renew for 5-year terms as set forth in the initial Franchise Agreement
executed by Developer and Franchisor in connection herewith (the “Initial Franchise Agreement”);
and

                                                8
07/18/2025
