shall be deemed overdue. If any payment is overdue, Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor, immediately upon
demand and in addition to the overdue amount, interest on the overdue amount from the Due Date until
paid, calculated on a daily basis, at a rate of one and one-half percent (1 ½%) per month, or the maximum
rate permitted by law, whichever is less. Interest shall accrue on all late payments regardless of whether
Franchisor exercises its right to terminate this Agreement under Section 20. In addition to its right to charge
interest, Franchisor may charge Franchisee the lesser of a $100.00 late payment fee, or the maximum
amount permitted by applicable law, for each such overdue payment, and the lesser of a $30.00 insufficient
funds fee, or the maximum amount permitted by applicable law, for each check, automated bank draft
payment, or other payment that is not honored by Franchisee’s financial institution.

         H.      Method of Payment. Franchisee agrees to participate in Franchisor’s specified program,
platform or procedure for sales reporting and payment of fees that are due, including royalty, advertising,
financial services, technology maintenance, product purchase and other required payments, whether it is
electronic fund transfer or some other program, platform or procedure. Franchisee may be charged fees by
a third-party vendor, on a per transaction or other basis, for use of any such program, platform or procedure.
Franchisee agrees to assume the costs associated with maintaining Franchisee’s capability to report sales
and transfer funds to Franchisor. Franchisor reserves the right to require Franchisee to execute pre-
authorized payment agreements with Franchisee’s banking institutions pursuant to which all periodic
payments to be made to Franchisor or its Affiliates, including royalty, advertising, financial services,
technology maintenance, product purchase and other periodic payments, will be made automatically to
Franchisor from the Franchisee’s banking accounts via electronic fund transfers. Franchisee agrees that
Franchisor has the right to set off amounts Franchisee owes Franchisor or its Affiliates against amounts
Franchisor or its Affiliates may owe Franchisee. Notwithstanding designation by Franchisee to the contrary,
all payments made by Franchisee hereunder will be applied by Franchisor at its discretion to any of
Franchisee’s past due indebtedness.

          I.     Franchise Security Deposit. Franchisor may require Franchisee to pay a franchise security
deposit in the amount of Two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($2,500) upon execution of this Agreement.
This deposit will be held by Franchisor until the expiration or termination of this Agreement, in which event
the deposit will either (i) be returned to Franchisee, if Franchisee does not have any outstanding payment
obligations to Franchisor under this Agreement or any Related Agreement, or (ii) be applied to any
outstanding payment obligations to Franchisor under this Agreement or any Related Agreement (and the
balance, if any, will be returned to Franchisee). Franchisor will return any remaining balance to Franchisee
within sixty (60) days after termination or expiration of this Agreement. Franchisor shall have no obligation
to pay any interest on the deposit to Franchisee. If Franchisee is entering into a renewal franchise
agreement, and has previously paid this franchise security deposit, Franchisor will roll over the security
deposit to the renewal franchise agreement.

        5.       PRE-OPENING OBLIGATIONS.

        A.        Compliance with Law. Franchisee shall comply with all federal, state and local laws, rules
and regulations and shall timely obtain any permits, certificates or licenses necessary for the full and proper
conduct of the Franchised Business, including licenses to do business, fictitious name registrations, sales
tax permits, fire clearances and zoning and building approvals.

         B.      Conditions to Store Opening and Grant of Franchise. As a condition to the right of
Franchisee to open and/or operate the GNC Store and to use the System and the Proprietary Marks,
Franchisee must (i) complete, to the sole satisfaction of Franchisor, all of the requirements set forth in
Sections 4.A., 5.A., 6, 7, 8, 9 and 10 of this Agreement prior to the expiration of the Pre-Opening Period,
(ii) provide to Franchisor personal guarantees of Franchisee’s payment and other performance obligations
under this Agreement and any Related Agreements, executed by Franchisee and his or her spouse, or if
                                                      4

07/18/2025
