         C.     Advisory Assistance and Services. Franchisor shall provide such initial and continuing
advisory assistance as Franchisor, in its sole discretion, deems advisable in the opening and operation of
the Franchised Business. In addition, Franchisor shall provide such general services and other assistance
as Franchisor, in its sole discretion, deems necessary and appropriate. Franchisor shall provide such
assistance at no expense to Franchisee; provided, however, Franchisor reserves the right, in its sole
discretion, to charge Franchisee a reasonable fee for unusual, extensive or extraordinary assistance
requested by Franchisee and/or require Franchisee to reimburse Franchisor for expenses incurred by it in
connection with providing such services. In no event shall Franchisor be liable to Franchisee in connection
with providing or failing to provide such services.

        D.       Manuals. Franchisor shall provide to Franchisee, or otherwise make available
electronically, on loan, one (1) copy of the Manuals.

        14.      PROPRIETARY MARKS.

       A.        Use of Proprietary Marks. With respect to Franchisee’s use of the Proprietary Marks
pursuant to this Agreement, Franchisee agrees that:

                 (i)      Franchisee shall use only the Proprietary Marks designated by Franchisor and shall
use them only in the manner and location authorized and permitted by Franchisor. Any unauthorized use
thereof shall constitute an infringement of Franchisor’s rights.

                (ii)   Franchisee shall execute any documents deemed necessary by Franchisor or its
counsel to obtain protection for the Proprietary Marks or to maintain their continued validity and
enforceability.

                 (iii)    Franchisee shall not use the Proprietary Marks in its corporate name, domain name,
electronic address or any fictitious name without Franchisor’s prior written consent. If Franchisor consents
to Franchisee’s use of a fictitious name containing the Proprietary Marks and state or local laws or
ordinances require that Franchisee file an affidavit of doing business under an assumed name or otherwise
to file a report or other certificate indicating that GENERAL NUTRITION CENTER or such other
Proprietary Mark or similar name is being used as a fictitious or assumed name, Franchisee shall include in
such filing or application therefor an indication that the filing is made as a franchisee of GNC HOLDINGS,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

                (iv)    Franchisee shall not directly or indirectly raise or cause to be raised any questions
concerning, or objections to, or contest, the validity or the ownership of the Proprietary Marks on any
grounds whatsoever.

                 (v)      In the event that litigation involving the Proprietary Marks is instituted or
threatened against Franchisee, Franchisee shall promptly notify Franchisor in writing and shall cooperate
fully in defending or settling such litigation, or threatened litigation. Franchisee shall not make any demand
or serve any notice, orally or in writing, or institute any legal action or negotiate, compromise or settle any
controversy involving the Proprietary Marks without first obtaining Franchisor’s prior written consent.
Franchisor shall have the exclusive right to institute, negotiate, compromise, settle, dismiss, appeal or
otherwise handle any such action and take such steps as it may deem advisable to prevent any such action
and to join Franchisee and any other franchisees as a party to any such action to which Franchisor may be
a party and to which Franchisee is or would be a necessary or proper party, but nothing herein shall be
construed to obligate Franchisor to seek recovery of costs or damages of any kind in any such litigation,
the assertion or waiver of such claims being within the sole discretion of Franchisor. The costs of any such
action shall be paid by Franchisor and any recovery obtained shall be paid to Franchisor. During the course
                                                      16

07/18/2025
