        Currently, we are the only approved supplier of the equipment, fixtures, signage, materials, and
most of your inventory, for construction and operation of a standard Store, so you must purchase these
items from us or obtain approval from us for any exceptions. We do not supply any of these items for
construction of a Smoothie Bar in the Store, but you still must purchase them from approved suppliers.
Except as described below, all of the costs, expenses and fees described in this Item are non-refundable.
Except for the initial franchise fee described in the table above, the security deposit (if we require it), and
a certain portion of the construction costs (which you must pay at the time you sign the Franchise
Agreement), these other costs, expenses and fees are generally not billed to you until the Store has been
constructed, although we may require you, in our sole discretion, to pay all or a portion of these costs,
expenses and fees up front, or in the form of progress payments during the construction process.

REFUNDS OF THE INITIAL FRANCHISE FEE

         Except as described below, the initial franchise fees shown in the table above and the Development
Fee described above are deemed fully earned upon execution of the Franchise Agreement or Development
Agreement in consideration of the granting of the franchise and/or development rights, and are not
refundable. If your Franchise Agreement terminates during the Pre-Opening Period (period starting on the
Franchise Agreement date and ending on the earlier of the Store Opening Date or 240 days following the
Franchise Agreement date, or such longer period as we may agree to in our sole discretion) because of the
franchisee’s death, if the franchisee is a natural person, we will refund the initial franchise fee for that Store.
Generally, the other fees, costs and expenses described in this Item are non-refundable, but we may, in our
sole discretion, refund some or all of these amounts to you if your Franchise Agreement terminates during
the Pre-Opening Period because of the death of the franchisee, if the franchisee is a natural person.

          We reserve the right to offer special incentive programs at any time which may decrease any of the
fees listed in this Item. We may alter or discontinue these programs at any time in our sole discretion without
notice to you. We are a member of the International Franchise Association and participate in the
International Franchise Association’s VetFran Program, which provides special incentives to qualified
veterans. We offer a special incentive program for U.S. military veterans purchasing a New Franchise Store
or Conversion Store. Under this program, we offer honorably discharged veterans a $15,000 initial
franchise fee.

        We may agree to reduce the initial franchise fee in situations where we transact with existing
franchisees to convert multiple company-owned stores to franchise stores.

        In 2024, we pro-rated initial franchisee fees in certain cases where we adjusted the term of the
Franchise Agreement to match the remaining term of the franchisee’s lease for a term less than the standard
5-year term.




                                                        26
07/18/2025
