shall be, at the sole option of Franchisor, either the current full franchise term being offered to new
franchisees, a term equal to the remaining franchise term of the transferor, or a term equal to the remaining
lease term for the Store premises, as indicated in the Selected Term Summary. If this is a Transfer Term,
the Franchise Term shall commence on the Date of Transfer indicated in the Selected Term Summary and
end on the Transfer Term Expiration Date indicated in the Selected Term Summary. If the resulting
Franchise Term is less than the current full franchise term being offered to franchisees, Franchisor may, in
its sole discretion, charge a Transfer Fee that is less than the fee that would otherwise be charged to
Franchisee for the Transfer Term.

        D.     Rights Upon Expiration or Termination. Franchisee shall have no right to operate the
Franchised Business or to use the System or the Proprietary Marks under this Agreement after the expiration
of the Franchise Term or following any termination of this Agreement prior to the expiration of the
Franchise Term.

        4.      FEES.

         A.      Initial Franchise Fee. If this is the Initial Term, Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor the
Initial Franchise Fee upon execution of this Agreement. The Initial Franchise Fee shall be fully earned by
Franchisor in consideration of Franchisor’s execution of this Agreement and shall be non-refundable except
as otherwise provided in this Agreement.

        B.       Royalty Fee. Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor a continuing Royalty Fee during the
Franchise Term in the amount specified in the Selected Term Summary, payable monthly on the Gross
Sales for the preceding Period in the manner provided in Section 4.F. below.

         C.      Advertising Fee. Franchisee shall pay to the National Advertising and Promotional Fund
for the System (the “Fund”) a continuing Advertising Fee during the Franchise Term in the amount specified
in the Selected Term Summary, payable monthly on the Gross Sales for the preceding Period in the manner
provided in Section 4.F. below. Franchisor reserves the right to increase or decrease the Advertising Fee
from time to time upon thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to Franchisee.

          D.      Financial Services Fee. If Franchisor provides the Financial Services to Franchisee, as
described in Section 16.E. hereof, Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor a continuing fee for the Financial
Services (the “Financial Services Fee”) during the Franchise Term, in an amount determined by Franchisor
in its sole discretion from time to time, payable monthly in the manner provided in Section 4.F. below.

         E.      Technology Maintenance Fee. Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor a continuing fee (the
“Technology Maintenance Fee”) during the Franchise Term for maintenance and operating costs for Store
technology, as described in Section 12.I(ii) hereof, in an amount determined by Franchisor in its sole
discretion from time to time, payable monthly in the manner provided in Section 4.F. below.

        F.      Payment. Royalty Fees, Advertising Fees, Financial Services Fees (if applicable),
Technology Maintenance Fees, and any other payments required to be made by Franchisee to Franchisor
under this Agreement or any Related Agreement, including payments for product purchases, shall be paid
on or before the due date indicated on the invoices sent to Franchisee for any such fees, payments or
purchases, or at such other point as specified by Franchisor from time to time (“Due Date”). Franchisee
shall not set off or withhold any payment due under this Agreement on the grounds of alleged non-
performance of obligations or duties of Franchisor (or its Affiliates) or for any other reason.

      G.       Late Payment. Any payment required to be made by Franchisee to Franchisor under this
Agreement or any Related Agreement that is not actually received by Franchisor on or before the Due Date
                                                     3

07/18/2025
