                                                                                     WASHINGTON


                          STATE OF WASHINGTON
                ADDENDUM TO AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT

      In recognition of the requirements of the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act,
Wash. Rev. Code §§ 19.100.010 through 19.100.940, the parties to the attached GNC HOLDINGS,
LLC AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) agree as follows:

1.     In the event of a conflict of laws, the provisions of the Washington Franchise Investment
       Protection Act, Chapter 19.100 RCW, shall prevail.

2.     The state of Washington has a statute, RCW 19.100.180 which may supersede the
       Agreement in Developer’s relationship with Franchisor including the area of termination
       of the Agreement. There may also be court decisions which may supersede the Agreement
       in Developer’s relationship with the Franchisor including the area of termination of the
       Agreement.

3.     In any arbitration or mediation involving a franchise purchased in Washington, the
       arbitration or mediation site shall be either in the state of Washington, or in a place mutually
       agreed upon at the time of the arbitration or mediation, or as determined by the arbitrator
       or mediator at the time of arbitration or mediation. In addition, if litigation is not precluded
       by the Agreement, Developer may bring an action or proceeding arising out of or in
       connection with the sale of franchises, or a violation of the Washington Franchise
       Investment Protection Act, in Washington.

4.     A release or waiver of rights executed by Developer will not include rights under the
       Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act or any rule or order thereunder except
       when executed pursuant to a negotiated settlement after the agreement is in effect and
       where Developer is represented by independent counsel. Provisions such as those which
       unreasonably restrict or limit the statute of limitations period for claims under the
       Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, or rights or remedies under the Act, such
       as a right to jury trial, may not be enforceable.

5.     Transfer fees are collectible to the extent they reflect Franchisor’s reasonable estimated or
       actual costs in effecting the transfer.

6.     Pursuant to RCW 49.62.020, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable against
       an employee, including an employee of Developer, unless the employee’s earnings from
       the party seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $100,000 per year (an amount
       that will be adjusted annually for inflation). In addition, a noncompetition covenant is void
       and unenforceable against an independent contractor of Developer under 49.62.030 unless
       the independent contractor’s earnings from the party seeking enforcement, when
       annualized, exceed $250,000 per year (an amount that will be adjusted for inflation). As a
       result, any provisions contained in the Agreement or elsewhere that conflict with these
       limitations are void and unenforceable in Washington.




07/18/2025
