      3.      TERM

        Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein, this
Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall automatically expire, without any
action on the part of either party being necessary, on the earlier of (i) the date on which Developer
has completed its development obligations under this Agreement; or (ii) 11:59 p.m. (Eastern Time)
on the last day specified in the Development Schedule (the “Term”).

      4.      FEES

         4.1     Development Fee. Upon the execution of this Agreement, Developer shall pay to
Franchisor a development fee (the “Development Fee”) equal to the sum of the following: (i) the
development rights fee set forth on the Selected Term Summary (the “Development Rights Fee”),
(ii) a fee equal to the Franchise Fee for the first GNC Store to be developed and opened hereunder,
as set forth on the Selected Term Summary, and (iii) a fee equal to Fifty Percent (50%) of the total
Franchise Fees for the remaining GNC Stores required to be developed and opened hereunder
during the Term, as set forth on the Selected Term Summary. Developer acknowledges and agrees
that the Development Fee, which includes the Development Rights Fee, is paid as partial
consideration for Franchisor granting Developer the right to establish, open and operate the
number of GNC Stores set forth on the Development Schedule, and that the entire Development
Fee, which includes the Development Rights Fee, is fully earned by Franchisor at the time this
Agreement is executed and shall not be refundable for any reason, in consideration of
administrative and other expenses incurred by Franchisor and for the development opportunities
lost or deferred as a result of the rights granted to Developer herein. For each GNC Store
established pursuant to this Agreement, Developer shall receive a credit toward the Franchise Fee
for that GNC Store in the amount of the Development Fee paid for the applicable GNC Store (as
set forth in the Selected Term Summary). In no event shall the sum of all credits received by
Developer under this Section 4.1 exceed the total of the Development Fee in Sections 4.1(ii) and
(iii) above. If a GNC Store is not established in accordance with the Development Schedule, that
portion of the Development Fee that would have otherwise been credited towards payment of the
Franchise Fee shall be forfeited and retained by Franchisor. If for any reason this Agreement
terminates before all or a portion of the Development Fee has been applied to the Franchise Fees,
Franchisor will retain the unapplied portion of the Development Fee as consideration for its time,
effort and foregone opportunities.

        4.2   Franchise Fees. As long as Developer is in compliance with the terms of this
Agreement, including, without limitation, the Development Schedule, the amount of the Franchise
Fee for each GNC Store to be established hereunder is set forth on the Selected Term Summary
(each a “Franchise Fee”). The Franchise Fee for each GNC Store is to be paid in addition to the
Development Fee; provided, that a portion of the Development Fee may be credited against the
Franchise Fees as provided for in Section 4.1 above. The remainder of the Franchise Fee due for
each GNC Store shall be immediately due and payable upon execution of the Franchise Agreement
for that GNC Store.




                                                 4
07/18/2025
