third party. In the event that Franchisor does not elect to exercise its rights of first refusal with respect to
the offer described in the ROFR Notice and the seller proceeds with the proposed sale, then any material
change in the terms of such proposed sale prior to closing therefor shall constitute a new sale requiring a
new ROFR Notice and shall be subject to the same rights of first refusal by Franchisor as in the case of an
initial sale. For purposes hereof, “material change” shall include but shall not be limited to any change in
the amount, form of payment or schedule for payment of the proposed purchase price. If the sale to the
third party is not completed within one hundred and eighty (180) days after the expiration of the applicable
ROFR Period described herein, the seller shall notify Franchisor of such fact and Franchisor shall be entitled
to purchase seller’s interest on the same terms and conditions as the terms of sale of the third party, or the
monetary equivalent thereof. Failure of Franchisor to exercise any option afforded by this Section 18.C.
shall not constitute a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, including all of the requirements of
this Section 18, with respect to a proposed Transfer.

        D.       Transfer Upon Death or Incapacity.

                 (i)      Upon the death or Incapacity of any person with an interest in the Franchised
Business or in Franchisee (the effect of which would cause the Franchised Business to temporarily or
permanently cease to operate in full compliance with all requirements of this Agreement), Franchisee shall
immediately notify Franchisor of such event. Franchisor may, in its sole discretion, but without any
obligation to do so, immediately enter upon the Store premises, and install a manager to manage and operate
the Franchised Business for such time as Franchisor deems necessary, or until an approved Transfer in
accordance with the terms of Section 18.D.(ii) occurs. Franchisor shall be entitled to compensation and
recoupment of expenses incurred during this period at a rate of $2,000 per week. If Franchisor assumes the
Store’s management, Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor will have a duty to utilize only reasonable
efforts and will not be liable to Franchisee or its Principals for any debts, losses or obligations the Store
incurs, or to any of Franchisee’s creditors for any supplies or services the Store purchases while the
Franchisor manages it.

                  (ii)    Upon the death or Incapacity of any person with any interest in the Franchised
Business or in Franchisee (the transfer of which interest would have the effect of transferring a controlling
interest in the Franchised Business), the executor, administrator, or personal representative of such person
shall transfer his or her interest to a third party approved by Franchisor within six (6) months after such
death or Incapacity. Such transfers, including transfers by devise or inheritance, shall be subject to the
same conditions as any inter vivos transfer (transfer by conveyance). However, in the case of transfer by
devise or inheritance, if the heirs or beneficiaries of any such person are unable to meet the conditions in
this Section 18, the personal representative of the deceased person shall have a reasonable time to dispose
of the deceased’s interest in the Franchised Business or Franchisee, which disposition shall be subject to all
the terms and conditions for Transfers contained in this Agreement. If an approved transfer is not effected
within a reasonable time, Franchisor may terminate this Agreement, immediately upon written notice to the
personal representative or the executor, administrator or any living person having an ownership interest in
the Franchised Business. As used in this Section 18.D., “Franchisee” may include an incapacitated or
deceased controlling shareholder, partner, member, investor or other equity holder where the context so
requires.

        E.       Non-Waiver of Claims. Franchisor’s consent to a Transfer of any interest in the franchise
granted herein shall not constitute a waiver of any claims Franchisor may have against the transferring
party, nor shall it be deemed a waiver of Franchisor’s right to demand exact compliance with any of the
terms of this Agreement by the transferees.

         F.      Offerings by Franchisee. Securities in Franchisee may not be offered to the public by
private offering or otherwise without the prior written consent of Franchisor. If securities in Franchisee are
                                                      25

07/18/2025
