                                        GNC HOLDINGS, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES

                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

environmental obligations pursuant to environmental and health and safety laws and regulations and that any liabilities for
noncompliance will not have a material adverse effect on its business, financial performance or cash flows. However, it is difficult
to predict future liabilities and obligations, which could be material.

Litigation

          In May 2022, GNC entered into arbitration with its former Singapore and Philippines international franchise partner in
order to enforce the terms of its franchise agreements and protect its franchise system and global brand. In August 2024, the
International Centre for Dispute Resolution notified GNC of an award in the arbitrations. The awards order the former franchise
partner to pay GNC $44.7 million in net damages for breaching their franchise agreement in both countries as well as $8.7 million
related to GNC’s attorney’s and administrative fees. In addition, the Singapore award orders the former franchise partner to assign
back to GNC the leases of all 54 GNC stores that the former franchise partner inappropriately novated and switched to a competing
brand. GNC is currently in the process of confirming and enforcing these awards. As the timing of the enforcement of these
awards is uncertain, GNC considers these awards to be a contingent gain and will recognize the awards once realizable or upon
cash receipt.

Commitments

         The Company maintains certain commitments with various product, technology, marketing and other vendors to ensure
its business operational needs are fulfilled. As of December 31, 2024, such future purchase commitments were approximately
$17.0 million. All of these commitments are expected to be fulfilled with no adverse consequences to the Company's operations
or financial condition.



NOTE 12. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

ZT Biopharmaceutical LLC

         In connection with the issuance of the 1L Term Loan, as discussed within Note 7. "Debt / Interest Expense", the Company
has an $8.0 million Guarantee Fee that is payable to ZT as a guarantor of the Facilities Agreement at the election of GNC over
the five-year term of the loan, adjusted on a pro rata basis for any prepayments made on the Initial Term Loan. The fee was
capitalized to debt as a debt issuance cost. The Company has paid $1.5 million of the $8.0 million Guarantee Fee, and has written
off $2.0 million of the Guarantee Fee on a pro rata basis as a result of debt prepayments.

          On October 7, 2020, GNC entered into a management agreement with ZT. Under the management agreement, in
consideration for the services rendered by ZT, GNC is obligated to pay an annual management fee of up to $3.0 million for each
financial year. Such services provided by ZT include strategic planning, restructuring, corporate finance, mergers and acquisitions,
and corporate governance, as well as leverage of its relationships, experience, and goodwill. The Company recognized expense
of $3.0 million within SG&A expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations for each of the three years ended December
31, 2024, 2023, and 2022.

         In addition, the Company provides certain project development and support services on behalf of ZT pursuant to an
intercompany project development agreement entered into during 2021. Under the intercompany agreement, ZT agrees to bear
and pay the costs incurred by the Company in providing the services. The Company records the costs incurred on behalf of ZT to
accounts payable due to related parties on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The net costs incurred by GNC on behalf of ZT
during the year ended December 31, 2024 were immaterial. The net incurred by GNC on behalf of ZT during the years ended
December 31, 2023 and 2022, were $9.0 million, and $5.5 million, respectively.




                                                                38
