         C.       Employee Training. Franchisee or Franchisee’s manager shall be responsible for training
all of Franchisee’s employees. Franchisee shall at all times maintain a competent, conscientious, trained
staff, including fully trained employees (some or all of whom may be Franchisee(s)), who are qualified to
operate required equipment, including the POS System, and who render competent, prompt, courteous and
knowledgeable service to Store customers.

        11.      GNC SYSTEM.

        A.       General. Franchisee acknowledges that franchising is a method of selling goods or services
in a consistent manner and that store customers expect a similar shopping experience at a franchised
business, regardless of its location or operator. Franchisee recognizes the importance of these concepts and
agrees to participate in and comply with the requirements of the GNC System, which promotes a uniform
method of operating a retail nutrition, health and/or fitness store.

         B.       Franchisor Modification. The parties agree that the System may be supplemented,
improved, and otherwise modified from time to time by Franchisor in response to the opportunity to
increase GNC brand awareness, provide different methods of distribution of GNC products (including
distribution of products through an omni-channel strategy), drive consumer traffic to GNC Stores, and offer
new services and products to customers of stores operating under the System, to reflect the experience of
stores over time, and other factors. In addition, the parties agree that, in the interest of preserving the
integrity of the System, Franchisor shall have full control and discretion over the creation and
implementation of such developments and that Franchisee shall comply with all requirements of Franchisor
and make such expenditures as such changes, modifications or improvements to the System may require in
that regard, whether or not such changes directly benefit Franchisee’s Store. Any such developments,
whether permissive or required by Franchisor, may or may not present additional revenue opportunities for
Franchisee.

         C.      Franchisee Modification. If Franchisee develops any new modification, concept, process,
improvement or slogan in the operation or promotion of the Store or to the GNC System, the same shall be
deemed a work made for hire owned exclusively by Franchisor, and Franchisee shall promptly notify
Franchisor of, and provide Franchisor with, all necessary information regarding such modification, concept,
process, improvement or slogan, without compensation to Franchisee. Franchisee hereby assigns, transfers
and conveys to Franchisor all rights, title and interests in and to any such modifications, concepts, processes,
improvements or slogans and irrevocably constitutes and appoints Franchisor as Franchisee’s attorney-in-
fact, coupled with an interest, to execute and deliver any documents required to effectuate such assignment,
transfer or conveyance on behalf of Franchisee. Franchisor may use or allow other franchisees to use the
same in connection with the GNC System or the operation of GNC Stores, without compensation to
Franchisee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in recognition of Franchisor’s full control and discretion over
such developments, any such new modification, concept, process, improvement or slogan shall not be used
by Franchisee without the prior written consent of Franchisor.

        12.      DUTIES OF FRANCHISEE.

        A.      Signs. Franchisee shall prominently display and maintain in first class appearance and
condition, at Franchisee’s expense, signs of such nature, form, color, number, illumination, size and
location, and containing such names, designs, legends and symbols, as Franchisor shall prescribe in the
Manuals or otherwise in writing. Franchisee shall not display at the Store or elsewhere any signs or
advertising media which have not been approved by Franchisor in writing. Franchisor or its authorized
representatives may at any time during normal business hours enter the Store and remove any signs or
advertising media that are objectionable in the sole judgment of Franchisor.

                                                      11

07/18/2025
