                                                 ITEM 19

                        FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS

        The FTC’s Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to disclose information about the actual or potential
financial performance of its franchised and/or company operated outlets, if there is a reasonable basis for
the information, and the information is included in the disclosure document. Financial performance
information that differs from the information included in Item 19 may be given only if: (1) a franchisor
provides the actual records of an existing outlet you are considering buying; or (2) a franchisor supplements
the information provided in this Item 19, for example, by providing information about performance at a
particular location or under particular circumstances.

        Before reviewing this Item 19, we want to call your attention to these important points:

    1. Some outlets have earned this amount. Your individual results may differ. There is no
       assurance that you will earn as much.

    2. We will make written substantiation for the financial performance representations in this Item 19
       available to prospective franchisees upon reasonable request.

    3. “Gross sales” means the gross receipts from the sale of all products and services sold in, on, about
       or from the franchised Store, together with any other revenues derived from the operation of the
       Store, whether by the franchisee or by any other person, whether or not in accordance with the
       terms of the Franchise Agreement, and whether for cash or on a charge, credit, barter or time basis,
       and regardless of collection, including all payments to the franchisee under any business
       interruption insurance or similar insurance policy, gift certificates and other payments for the right
       to participate in special offers, and all such sales and services (i) where orders originate and/or are
       accepted by the franchisee in the Store but delivery or performance thereof is made from or at any
       place other than the Store or (ii) pursuant to telephone or other similar orders received or filled at
       or in the Store. Gross sales do not include the amount of refunds, allowances or discounts to
       customers (including coupon sales) in the normal course of business, provided the related sales
       have previously been included in gross sales and franchisee shall substantiate all such deductions
       in the manner specified in the Manuals, and the amount of any excise or sales tax levied upon retail
       sales and paid over to the appropriate governmental authority.

BASIS OF FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS

        The following table provides financial performance representations that are historical. They are
based on information from existing franchised GNC Stores that were open for business to the public within
the United States for at least one year during a one-year measuring period from January 1, 2024 through
December 31, 2024. As of December 31, 2024, there were 703 franchised GNC Stores that were open and
operating in the United States. Of those 703 franchised GNC Stores, 675 of them operated continuously
from January 1, 2024 through December 31, 2024, and we used the financial performance data from those
675 franchised Stores for that period in arriving at the financial performance representations in the table.
The financial performance representations do not include information for franchisees that were terminated,
reacquired, not renewed or left our system for other reasons during the 2024 calendar year.

        The figures in the table show the average and median gross sales for those Stores. We also show
the percentage of locations that actually attained or surpassed the stated average, and the high and low gross
sales numbers in the range used to determine the average and median gross sales.


                                                     93
07/18/2025
