SITE SELECTION

          Generally, you will locate and propose a site for our consideration and approval. We reserve the
right to approve or decline any site in our sole discretion. We evaluate potential locations according to a
number of factors, including, but not limited to, proximity to existing GNC locations, cost, demographics,
visibility, traffic patterns, accessibility, road systems, highways, and natural terrain, which we analyze using
our experience and our own subjective judgment. We generally will not assist you in seeking potential sites
or negotiating the terms of your lease. Once the site is submitted to us and we have received all required
information from you concerning the site, we will evaluate the site based on the above factors. If the site
is satisfactory to us, we will notify you that the location is pre-approved. Full approval is contingent upon
you being financially and operationally approved. We generally require that you enter into a lease for the
site within 90 days of our pre-approval of the site. If we have not received a copy of the signed lease for
the location within 90 days of our pre-approval of the site, the site will need to be re-submitted for our
approval. Unless there is a Development Agreement in place, we generally will not enter into a Franchise
Agreement until a site has been fully approved and we have received a copy of your fully-executed lease
or a letter of intent from the landlord to ensure the lease terms have been fully negotiated. The landlord
may require a signed Franchise Agreement before fully executing a lease.

        If you enter into a Development Agreement, we must approve the location for each of your future
GNC Stores under the Development Agreement and will determine any protected territories for those
Stores, and our then-current standards for sites and protected territories will apply for each location (See
Item 12 for more information).

        We will consider open air strip shopping centers, downtown locations, and mall locations that meet
our qualifications. We generally do not approve prospective site submissions for franchises in enclosed
malls with a total Gross Leasable Area of more than 500,000 square feet, unless you are an existing
franchisee opening a new Store inside your protected territory and we approve the location. You will need
approximately 1,000 to 1,500 square feet for the Store.

         In determining whether to allow you to include a Smoothie Bar in your Store, we may consider factors
such as your operational history and experience either with Smoothie Bars in other GNC Store locations or
with similar non-GNC concepts; whether you have the financial resources to construct and operate the
Smoothie Bar; whether a Smoothie Bar is permitted by the lease for the location; whether the location has
adequate square footage to add a Smoothie Bar; and whether you (if you are an existing franchisee) are in
compliance with the terms of your Franchise Agreement and are in good financial standing. The Smoothie
Bar is only approved when we issue approval in writing. Silence on our part does not constitute acceptance.
If you do not receive written approval, the Smoothie Bar is deemed rejected. If you and your Store meet
our criteria, we will send you written acceptance and a GNC Smoothie Addendum that will be attached to
the Franchise Agreement. Upon receipt of the executed Smoothie Addendum, you can begin the
construction process. We estimate the construction time for a Smoothie Bar to be approximately 2 weeks
depending upon the length of the permit process and other factors which may be beyond your and our
control.

LEASE

         If you do not own the site, and we approve the site as described above, you must negotiate and sign
your lease directly with the landlord. Generally, we will not sublease the location to you; however, there
may be circumstances where we will, such as when we franchise a company-owned Store already subject
to a lease. Our standard sublease is located in Exhibit I of this disclosure document; however, the precise
terms of our standard sublease will vary depending on the size and location of the premises.


                                                      60
07/18/2025
