of Alameda County, California. The case was filed as a class action on behalf of Manager Trainees, Store
Managers and Senior Store Managers, who claimed that they worked off-the-clock, were not provided with
their meal/rest breaks, and that defendant failed to reimburse their business expenses (mileage). Plaintiffs
were also pursuing derivative claims for waiting time penalties and wage statement penalties (based on the
alleged off-the-clock work and meal/rest period violations). Plaintiffs also sought penalties under the
California Private Attorney General Act (PAGA). On October 23, 2014, the court granted Plaintiffs’
motion for class certification on their California Labor Code claims. For several years, plaintiffs submitted
a number of proposed trial plans. In March 2016, the court indicated that plaintiffs finally submitted a trial
plan sufficient to permit discovery to continue and to set a trial date. In June 2018, the court granted in part
and denied in part defendant’s Motion for Decertification. In August 2018, the plaintiff voluntarily
dismissed the class action claims alleging overtime violations. After the effective date of the bankruptcy
plan of our predecessor and its affiliated debtor companies (see Item 4), the parties apparently reached a
settlement of this matter, and the case has been dismissed. However, we are unaware of the details
regarding the settlement, despite repeated efforts to obtain settlement information from our predecessor.

         Christina Labajo, Howard Clark, and Berry Saizon v. General Nutrition Corporation (Superior
Court of California, County of San Francisco, Case No. CGC-19-574459). On March 12, 2019, plaintiffs
filed this lawsuit against the former franchisor seeking to restrain it from selling dietary supplements
allegedly mislabeled with unlawful disease claims in California, specifically products that allegedly claimed
to cure, treat, mitigate or prevent diseases or conditions like hypercholesterolemia, coronary heart disease
and osteoporosis. Plaintiffs alleged that defendant sold several products that made these unlawful claims.
Plaintiffs alleged causes of action against defendant for unlawful business practices in violation of
California’s Unfair Competition Law (Bus. & Prof. Code section 17200, et seq.) by allegedly selling
products as new drugs without the approval of the FDA, and for violation of the Consumer Legal Remedies
Act (Cal. Civil Code section 1750, et seq.) by allegedly labeling and advertising products with disease and
drug claims without approval as being safe and effective for their labeled purposes. Plaintiffs sought an
injunction enjoining defendant from manufacturing or selling products with unapproved drug or disease
claims, unspecified compensatory damages and attorneys’ fees and costs. On or about January 6, 2020, the
parties entered into a settlement agreement, pursuant to which defendant agreed, within 180 days of the
settlement date, not to make claims regarding certain cholesterol and bone products’ effects on cholesterol
or bone health without including qualifying language that the effects are associated with those with “already
normal” cholesterol or “already healthy” bones. Defendant also agreed to pay plaintiffs and plaintiffs’
attorneys the total sum of $75,000. Plaintiffs agreed to dismiss the lawsuit with prejudice and to release
defendant from all claims relating to plaintiffs’ allegations in the complaint.

         Sean Jordan v. General Nutrition Corporation, GNC Holdings, Inc., and GN Oldco Corporation
(Circuit Court of Cook County, Illinois, Case No. 2018-L-001676). On February 15, 2018, plaintiff, a GNC
customer, filed this lawsuit alleging injuries from consumption of the GNC Live Lean & Fit Pack dietary
supplement. Plaintiff alleged causes of action for negligence and strict product liability, for failing to use
reasonable care in designing, manufacturing, marketing, labeling, packaging and selling the product, for
failing to warn foreseeable users of the potential health hazards associated with use of the product, and for
placing the product in the stream of commerce in a defective and unreasonably dangerous condition such
that the foreseeable risks exceeded the benefits associated with the formulation of the product. Plaintiff
sought unspecified damages, attorneys’ fees and costs, and punitive damages. On or about June 10, 2019,
the parties entered into a Settlement Agreement and Release, pursuant to which defendants agreed to pay
plaintiff the sum of $45,000, and plaintiff agreed to dismiss the lawsuit with prejudice and to release
defendants from any claims relating to the lawsuit.

       Craig C. Kyllonen, Kypro Enterprises LLC and K and K GNC, LLC vs. GNC Franchising LLC
and General Nutrition Corporation (U.S. District Court for the District of Nevada, Case No. 2:18-01526).
On August 16, 2018, plaintiffs, GNC franchisees, filed this lawsuit against the former franchisor. Plaintiffs

                                                      13
07/18/2025
