        We do not have any affiliates that provide products or services to our franchisees.

OUR OTHER BUSINESS ACTIVITIES

          We own and operate all of the company-owned GNC retail stores. Our company-owned GNC
retail stores are of the type being franchised in this disclosure document.

        We own and operate the Internet site GNC.com, which sells GNC-branded products and third-party
products via the Internet, and we also sell a product assortment, including GNC-branded products, on our
marketplace on Amazon.com. We also provide necessary overhead for our company-owned GNC stores
and warehousing, distribution, and construction services for company-owned and franchised GNC stores.

        We also supply GNC-branded products and certain private label products to third party retailers.
We also offer franchises of the type being franchised in this disclosure document in countries and territories
outside the United States.

THE FRANCHISE WE OFFER

        The franchise that we offer in this disclosure document is the license to operate a GNC retail store
(the “Store” or “GNC Store”) at a fixed location as a franchisee under the form of Franchise Agreement
attached as Exhibit E to this disclosure document (the “Franchise Agreement”).

        GNC Stores are retail health, wellness and performance stores that offer for sale vitamin and
mineral supplements (some of which will be sold under the “GNC” brand or other proprietary brands we
may create and develop from time to time), and, depending on the Store size, franchisee preferences, and
our requirements, may offer for sale sports nutrition products, herbs, health foods, beauty and miscellaneous
healthcare products, diet products, physical fitness products, specialty workout apparel, health-management
products, and related products, as approved for sale by us from time to time. The franchise will be operated
under certain trademarks, trade names, service marks, logos, emblems, insignia and other commercial
symbols (including without limitation “GNC”, “GENERAL NUTRITION CENTERS”, and/or “GNC
LIVE WELL”) developed and approved for use by us from time to time (the “Proprietary Marks”), and
pursuant to a comprehensive system developed by us and our predecessors (the “System”), which we may
modify from time to time.

         Our System features: vitamin and mineral supplements and other products under labels bearing the
“GNC” mark (the “GNC Brand Supplements”) and other proprietary trademarks, such as Pro Performance;
other third party vitamin and mineral supplements; sports nutrition products, herbs, health foods, beauty
and miscellaneous healthcare products, diet products, physical fitness products, specialty workout apparel,
health-management products, and related products; distinctive trade dress; interior and exterior building
design and Store format; standards and specifications for construction, equipment, signs, furnishings,
assistance, and training; sales and management assistance and training; operating procedures for the storage,
display and sale of products and services; and specialized methods and techniques for inventory and cost
purchasing, customer service, sales promotion and advertising. We have also developed an omni-channel
strategy as part of the System to meet consumer requirements around where, when, and how consumers
want to make purchases. This may include processes that allow consumers to shop on-line on both our
website and other virtual marketplaces, with delivery of purchased products completed by our distribution
centers, corporate Stores, and/or franchised Stores. The System may be changed, improved and further
developed by us from time to time.

      If you desire to develop and operate multiple GNC Stores, we offer an Area Development
Agreement, which grants you the right to develop and open a specified number of GNC Stores within a

                                                      2
07/18/2025
