specified by the Franchisor in the Manuals or otherwise in writing. Such listings and advertisements shall
be at Franchisee’s cost, are in addition to the Advertising Fee, and shall not be paid for out of the Fund.

         F.      Approval. Franchisee shall submit samples of all advertising, promotional plans and
materials proposed to be used by Franchisee or any organization or association in which Franchisee is a
member whose business relates, directly or indirectly, to Franchisor or the Franchised Business, and any
other advertising or promotional media to Franchisor (via U.S. mail, return receipt requested) for its
approval (except with respect to prices to be charged), if such plans and materials have not been prepared
or previously approved by Franchisor, and Franchisee shall not use any such advertising or promotional
plans or materials prior to receiving written approval of the same from Franchisor. This requirement shall
apply to any and all advertising, promotional plans or materials, and any other advertising or promotional
media, including, but not limited to, those placed by Franchisee directly or indirectly, those placed on
Franchisee’s behalf by another person, and those to which Franchisee contributes any financial or other
consideration. If written approval is not received by Franchisee from Franchisor within thirty (30) days of
date of receipt by Franchisor of such samples or materials, Franchisor shall be deemed to have disapproved
them.

        G.      Pricing. Franchisee shall generally have the right to sell its products and to offer its services
at any prices Franchisee may determine; provided, however, that to the fullest extent permitted by law,
Franchisor shall have the right to establish minimum and/or maximum prices for any product or service
offered by Franchisee. Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor and its Affiliates and any of their
respective licensees, may sell the same products as Franchisee, including GNC Brand Supplements, at
discounted prices or other retail prices below those established by Franchisee.

        18.      TRANSFER OF INTEREST.

          A.      Transfer by Franchisor. Franchisor shall have the right to transfer or assign all or any part
of this Agreement and Franchisor’s rights or obligations herein to any person or legal entity without
Franchisee’s consent, and upon such transfer or assignment, the transferee or assignee shall be solely
responsible for all of Franchisor’s obligations arising under this Agreement subsequent to the transfer or
assignment. In addition, Franchisor shall have the right to delegate performance of any or all of its
obligations and duties hereunder. Franchisee agrees and affirms that Franchisor may sell its assets, the
Proprietary Marks and/or the GNC System to a third-party; may offer its securities privately or publicly;
may merge, acquire other corporations, or be acquired by another corporation; and/or may undertake a
refinancing, recapitalization, leveraged buyout or other economic or financial restructuring. Franchisee
further agrees and affirms that Franchisor has the right, now or in the future, to purchase, merge, acquire or
affiliate with an existing competitive or noncompetitive franchise network, chain or any other business
regardless of the location of that chain’s or business’ facilities, and to operate, franchise or license those
businesses and/or facilities as GNC Stores operating under the Proprietary Marks or any other marks
following Franchisor’s purchase, merger, acquisition or affiliation, regardless of the location of these
facilities, which Franchisee acknowledges may be proximate to any of its Stores; provided, that Franchisor
will not operate, franchise or license such businesses as GNC Stores operating under the Proprietary Marks
within Franchisee’s Protected Territory during the Protective Period. With regard to any of the above sales,
assignments and dispositions, Franchisee expressly and specifically waives any claims, demands or
damages arising from or related to the loss of Franchisor’s name, the Proprietary Marks (or any variation
thereof) and the GNC System and/or the loss of association with or identification of GNC Holdings, LLC
under this Agreement. If Franchisor assigns its rights in this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement shall be
deemed to require Franchisor to remain in the Franchised Business or to offer or sell any products or
services to Franchisee.


                                                       21

07/18/2025
