        C.       Confidential Information. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that in connection with the
operation of GNC stores and the GNC System, Franchisor has developed at great expense competitively
sensitive Confidential Information which is not commonly known or available to the public. Franchisee
shall not, during the term of this Agreement or at any time thereafter, directly or indirectly, communicate,
divulge, copy or use for such party’s own benefit or the benefit of any other person, persons, Entity or
Entities any of Franchisor’s Confidential Information, except as required to carry out Franchisee’s
obligations under this Agreement or as Franchisor has otherwise expressly approved in writing. All
Confidential Information of Franchisor is the sole and exclusive property of Franchisor. Franchisee shall
divulge such Confidential Information only to those of its employees who have executed covenants as
required under Section 22.I. or Section 22.J. hereof and who must have access in connection with their
employment to operate the Franchised Business. Franchisee agrees that it and all of its employees and
agents will take appropriate steps to protect Franchisor’s Confidential Information from any unauthorized
disclosure, copying or use. Franchisee shall be liable to Franchisor for any breach of these confidentiality
obligations by Franchisee or its Principals, managers, employees, agents, representatives or contractors. At
any time upon Franchisor’s request, and, in any event upon termination or expiration of this Agreement,
Franchisee will immediately stop using and return any copies of documents containing Confidential
Information and will take appropriate steps to permanently delete and render unusable any Confidential
Information stored electronically and certify same to Franchisor in writing.

         D.     Exceptions and Acknowledgments. Sections 22.A. and 22.B. shall not apply to ownership
by Franchisee of another GNC store under the System nor to ownership by Franchisee of a less than one
percent (1%) beneficial interest in the outstanding equity securities of any publicly-held corporation. The
parties acknowledge that the covenants contained in this Section 22 are based (among other factors) on the
reason and understanding that Franchisee will possess knowledge of Franchisor’s business and operating
methods and Confidential Information, disclosure and use of which would prejudice the interest of
Franchisor and its franchisees.

         E.      Independent Covenants. The parties agree that each of the foregoing covenants shall be
construed as independent of any other covenant in this Agreement. If all or any portion of a covenant in
this Section 22 is held unreasonable, void or unenforceable for any reason by a court or agency having valid
jurisdiction in an unappealed final decision to which Franchisor is a party, Franchisee expressly agrees to
be bound by such covenant or portion thereof to the maximum extent permitted by law, as if the resulting
covenant were separately stated in and made a part of this Section 22. The parties agree that, if a court
determines that any of the provisions of this Agreement are unreasonable, void or unenforceable, the court
may revise the specific terms of this Agreement to make it reasonable and enforceable. If such provision
or portion cannot be modified to be enforceable, the unenforceable portion will be severed from the
remaining portions of this Agreement, which shall otherwise remain in full force or effect.

         F.        Reduction of Scope. Franchisee understands and acknowledges that Franchisor shall have
the right, in its sole discretion, to reduce the scope of any covenant set forth in Section 22.A. or 22.B., or
any portion thereof, without Franchisee’s consent, effective immediately upon receipt by Franchisee of
written notice thereof; and Franchisee agrees that it shall comply forthwith with any covenant as so
modified, which shall be fully enforceable notwithstanding the provisions of Section 31.

         G.     No Defense to Enforcement. Franchisee expressly agrees that the existence of any claims
it may have against Franchisor, whether or not arising from this Agreement, shall not constitute a defense
to the enforcement by Franchisor of the covenants in this Section 22.

        H.     Equitable Relief. Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisee’s violation of the terms of this
Section 22 may cause immediate, irreparable and incalculable harm and significant injury to Franchisor
which may be difficult to ascertain for which no adequate remedy at law may be available, and Franchisee
                                                     35

07/18/2025
