Franchisor, or as to subsequent breach or default by Franchisee. Subsequent acceptance by Franchisor of
any payments due to it hereunder shall not be deemed to be a waiver by Franchisor of any preceding breach
by Franchisee of any terms, covenants, or conditions of this Agreement.

        D.       Subordination. Franchisor will not enter into or execute any agreement subordinating any
security interest it may have in the equipment, fixtures, furniture, machinery, product, supplies, or other
personal property in any GNC franchised store. GNC will not release or waive any liens, security interests,
claims, demands or other rights that it may have in such personal property.

          27.    NOTICES. Any and all notices required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in
writing and shall be sent by (i) personal delivery, (ii) U.S. certified or registered mail, postage prepaid,
return receipt requested, (iii) a nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) electronic mail
(including PDF), to the respective parties at the addresses set forth on the signature page of this Agreement,
unless and until a different address has been designated by written notice to the other party in the manner
set forth herein. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given (i) if personally delivered, upon
delivery (or delivery refused), (ii) if sent by U.S. certified or registered mail, three (3) days after mailing,
(iii) if sent by overnight courier service, on the date of the first attempted delivery, or (iv) if sent by
electronic mail, on the date of transmission, provided that the sender has received a delivery confirmation
generated by the sender’s email system which indicates that the email was delivered to the recipient’s email
address, in each case excluding Sundays and national holidays and regardless of whether the party refuses
delivery or is no longer at the address for notice.

        28.      SEVERABILITY AND CONSTRUCTION.

         A.       Severability. Except as expressly provided to the contrary herein, each section, part, term,
and/or provision of this Agreement shall be considered severable; and if, for any reason, any section, part,
term, and/or provision herein is determined to be invalid and contrary to, or in conflict with, any existing
or future law or regulation by a court or agency having valid jurisdiction, such shall not impair the operation
of, or have any effect upon, such other sections, parts, terms, and/or provisions of this Agreement as may
remain otherwise intelligible; and, the latter shall continue to be given full force and effect and bind the
parties hereto; and said invalid sections, parts, terms, and/or provisions shall be deemed not to be a part of
this Agreement; provided, however, that if Franchisor determines that such finding of invalidity or illegality
adversely affects the basic consideration of this Agreement, Franchisor may, at its option, terminate this
Agreement.

        B.      No Third-Party Beneficiaries. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, nothing in
this Agreement is intended, nor shall be deemed, to confer upon any person or legal entity other than
Franchisor and Franchisee and such of their respective successors and assigns as may be contemplated by
Section 18 hereof any rights or remedies under or by reason of this Agreement.

         C.      Maximum Enforceability. Franchisee expressly agrees to be bound by any promise or
covenants imposing the maximum duty permitted by law which is subsumed within the terms of any
provision hereof, as though it were separately articulated in and made a part of this Agreement, that may
result from striking from any of the provisions hereof any portion or portions which a court may hold to be
unreasonable and unenforceable in a final decision to which Franchisor is a party, or from reducing the
scope of any promise or covenant to the extent required to comply with such a court order.

        D.      Captions. All captions and headings in this Agreement are intended solely for the
convenience of the parties, and none shall be deemed to affect the meaning or construction of any provision
hereof.

                                                      39

07/18/2025
