       outstanding payment obligations to us under the Franchise Agreement or related agreement (and
       the balance, if any, will be returned to you within 60 days after expiration or termination). We are
       not obligated to pay you interest on the security deposit. The security deposit indicated in the above
       table is for your first New Franchise Store.

       Development Fee Example: For a five-unit Area Development Agreement with no development
       rights fee (for a new franchisee), upon execution of the Development Agreement, $20,000 will be
       due for the initial GNC Store, plus $7,500 for each of the 4 additional GNC Stores, for a total due
       of $50,000. If there is a development rights fee, that fee would be added to the $50,000 due at
       signing. An initial franchise fee of $7,500 would be due ($15,000 initial franchise fee less $7,500
       credit) upon signing the Franchise Agreement for each additional location granted under the
       Development Agreement.

       The Development Agreement will require you to open New Franchise Stores in the future pursuant
       to a development schedule. The estimated initial investment costs for your first New Franchise
       Store are set forth in the table above. However, these estimated costs are subject to increase and
       change over time, so future GNC Stores to be developed under a Development Agreement may
       require a greater initial investment than the estimated costs for a New Franchise Store as set forth
       in the table. At this time, we are unable to estimate the development rights fee for a particular
       territory, and we are unable to estimate the investment costs for future GNC Stores (beyond the
       first GNC Store).

3.     The equipment/technology we currently require you to purchase from us is as follows: POS and
       peripherals and iPad and peripherals. The cost of the system will be at market pricing, and the
       current cost for this system is approximately $3,500 to $7,000 depending upon your register lane
       count. These costs do not include taxes or shipping charges. Because technology is constantly
       evolving, your POS system (including the hardware) will be an ongoing investment, and we may
       require you to upgrade hardware at any time, which we estimate to be every 3-5 years. When
       discounted pricing can be obtained, we will pass the savings on to you. You must sign the P.O.S.
       License Agreement located in Exhibit J of this disclosure document, and pay the maintenance fees
       which are described in Item 6.

       We also require you to purchase a PC and printer so that you may participate in our Franchise
       Portal, a secure web site that allows you to receive company news; communicate to franchisees
       electronically; pose questions to us or our affiliates; search on-line libraries for information on
       products, pricing, marketing and operations; customize and print our newest camera-ready local
       marketing materials; participate in on-line business building sessions with us, other franchisees,
       and outside vendors; send messages and information to the Franchise Support Center; train your
       employees, and other functions we may develop from time to time. We do not charge a fee for the
       Franchise Portal; however, to participate in the program, you must have access to the Internet. We
       reserve the right to charge a fee for the Franchise Portal at any time in the future upon notice to
       you.

       If we allow you to include a Smoothie Bar in your Store, you must acquire from approved suppliers
       equipment consisting of 2 freezers (one for the front, and one for the back room), a refrigerator unit, and
       ice cube maker and filter, as well as 2 blender stations. These Smoothie Bar equipment costs do not include
       taxes or shipping charges.

4.     All GNC Stores are required to have approved exterior signs featuring our trademarks to identify
       the location. Exterior signage includes, but is not limited to, illuminated channel letters, pylon signs


                                                      44
07/18/2025
