Panera 2025 FDD (302)

RIDER TO THE PANERA, LLC AGREEMENTS
PURSUANT TO THE MINNESOTA FRANCHISES LAW
dated

This Rider to the Panera, LLC Agreements by and between Panera, LLC and Franchisee is
,
.

The Franchise Agreement and Area Development Agreement for Panera, LLC shall be amended as follows:
1.

Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.21 and Minnesota Rules 2860.4400(J) prohibit the franchisor from requiring
litigation to be conducted outside Minnesota, requiring waiver of a jury trial, or requiring the franchisee to
consent to liquidated damages, termination penalties or judgment notes. In addition, nothing in the Franchise
Disclosure Document or agreement(s) can abrogate or reduce (1) any of the franchisee’s rights as provided
for in Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C or (2) franchisee’s rights to any procedure, forum, or remedies
provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction.

2.

With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota law, the franchisor will comply with Minnesota Statutes,
Section 80C.14, Subd. 3-5, which require (except in certain specified cases) (1) that a franchisee be given 90
days notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) and 180 days notice for non-renewal of the franchise
agreement and (2) that consent to the transfer of the franchise will not be unreasonably withheld.

3.

The franchisor will protect the franchisee’s rights to use the trademarks, service marks, trade names, logotypes
or other commercial symbols or indemnify the franchisee from any loss, costs or expenses arising out of any
claim, suit or demand regarding the use of the name. Minnesota considers it unfair to not protect the
franchisee’s right to use the trademarks. Refer to Minnesota Statues, Section 80C.12, Subd. 1(g).

4.

Minnesota Rules 2860.4400(D) prohibits a franchisor from requiring a franchisee to assent to a general release.

5.

The franchisee cannot consent to the franchisor obtaining injunctive relief. The franchisor may seek injunctive
relief. See Minn. Rules 2860.4400J. Also, a court will determine if a bond is required.

6.

The Limitations of Claims section must comply with Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.17, Subd. 5.

7.

No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the
commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable
state franchise law, including, fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by
any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes
any other term of any document executed with the franchise.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed and delivered this Rider concurrently with the execution
of the Agreements on the day and year first above written.
PANERA, LLC
A Delaware limited liability company

FRANCHISEE
(Signature)

By:
Title:

(Print Name)
(Signature)

