Panera 2025 FDD (144)

at the address set forth herein. Nothing contained herein shall affect our rights to bring a suit, action or proceeding in any
other appropriate jurisdiction, including any suit, action or proceeding brought by us to enforce any judgment against you
entered by a State or Federal Court.
18.03. Survival. The provisions of this Section 18 shall continue in full force and effect subsequent to and
notwithstanding expiration or termination of this Agreement.
19.

MISCELLANEOUS.

19.01. Severability and Substitution of Provisions. Every part of this Agreement shall be considered
severable. If for any reason any part of this Agreement is held to be invalid, that determination shall not impair the other
parts of this Agreement. If any covenant herein which restricts competitive activity is deemed unenforceable by virtue of
its scope or in terms of geographic area, type of business activity prohibited and/or length of time, but could be rendered
enforceable by reducing any part or all of it, you and we agree that it will be enforced to the fullest extent permissible
under applicable law and public policy.
If any applicable law requires a greater prior notice of the termination of or refusal to enter into a successor
franchise than is required hereunder, a different standard of “good cause”, or the taking of some other action not required
hereunder, the prior notice, “good cause” standard and/or other action required by such law shall be substituted for the
comparable provisions hereof. If any provision of this Agreement or any specification, standard or operating procedure
prescribed by us is invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, we have the right, in our sole discretion, to modify such
invalid or unenforceable provision, specification, standard or operating procedure to the extent required to make it valid
and enforceable.
19.02. Waiver of Obligations. We and you may by written instrument unilaterally waive or reduce any
obligation of the other under this Agreement. Any such waiver granted shall be without prejudice to any other rights the
waiving party may have, will be subject to continuing review by such party and may be revoked, in such party's sole
discretion, at any time and for any reason, effective upon delivery to the other party of ten (10) days' prior notice. You
and we shall not be deemed to have waived any right reserved by this Agreement or be deemed to have modified this
Agreement by virtue of any custom or practice of the parties at variance with it; any failure, refusal or neglect by you or us
to exercise any right under this Agreement (except as provided in Section 19.03) or to insist upon exact compliance by the
other with its obligations hereunder; any waiver, forbearance, delay, failure or omission by us to exercise any right, whether
of the same, similar or different nature, with respect to other Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes; or the acceptance by us of any
payments due from you after any breach of this Agreement.
19.03. Exercise of Rights. The rights of Franchisor and Franchisee hereunder are cumulative and no exercise
or enforcement by Franchisor or Franchisee of any right or remedy hereunder shall preclude the exercise or enforcement
by Franchisor or Franchisee of any other right or remedy hereunder which Franchisor or Franchisee is entitled to enforce
by law. If Franchisee commits any act of default under any agreement or this Agreement for which Franchisor exercises its
right to terminate this Agreement, Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor the actual and consequential damages Franchisor incurs
as a result of the premature termination of this Agreement. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that the proximate cause of
such damages sustained by Franchisor is Franchisee’s act of default and not Franchisor’s exercise of its right to terminate.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, and except as otherwise prohibited or limited by applicable law, any failure, neglect, or
delay of a party to assert any breach or violation of any legal or equitable right arising from or in connection with this
Agreement shall constitute a waiver of such right and shall preclude the exercise or enforcement of any legal or equitable
remedy arising therefrom, unless written notice specifying such breach or violation is provided to the other party within
twenty four (24) months after the later of: (a) the date of such breach or violation; or (b) the date of discovery of the facts
(or the date the facts could have been discovered, using reasonable diligence) giving rise to such breach or violation.
19.04. Injunctive Relief. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 18.01, we may obtain in any court of
competent jurisdiction any preliminary relief, including temporary restraining orders and preliminary injunctions, against
conduct or threatened conduct for which no adequate remedy at law may be available or which may cause us irreparable
harm. Any such action for preliminary relief shall be in aid of arbitration and shall not be deemed incompatible with the
agreement to arbitrate or constitute a waiver of our right to arbitrate under Section 18.01. We may have such injunctive
relief, without bond, but upon due notice, in addition to such further and other relief as may be available at equity or law,
32

April 2025

