Panera 2025 FDD (123)

8.

YOUR ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT.

8.01.
Organizational Documents. You and each of your Principal Owners represent, warrant and agree
that: (a) you are duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the state of your organization, and, if a foreign
business corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other legal entity, you are duly qualified to transact business
in the state in which your Bakery-Cafe is located; (b) you have the authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
perform your obligations hereunder; (c) true and complete copies of the articles or certificate of incorporation, articles of
organization, operating agreement or principles, partnership agreement, bylaws, subscription agreements, buy-sell
agreements, voting trust agreements, trust agreements and all other documents relating to your ownership, organization,
capitalization, management and control, and any amendments thereto (“Organizational Documents”) shall be promptly
delivered to us; (d) your activities are restricted to those necessary solely for the development, ownership and operation
of Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes in accordance with this Agreement and in accordance with any other agreements entered
into with us or any of our Affiliates; (e) the Organizational Documents recite that the issuance, transfer or pledge of any
direct or indirect legal or beneficial ownership interest is restricted by the terms of this Agreement; (f) all certificates
representing direct or indirect legal or beneficial ownership interests now or hereafter issued must bear a legend in
conformity with applicable law reciting or referring to such restrictions; and (g) you will deliver to us a
Secretary/Clerk's/Trustee’s Certificate or other evidence satisfactory to us, that the execution, delivery and performance
of this Agreement and all other agreements and ancillary documents contemplated hereby or thereby have been duly
authorized by all necessary action by Franchisee, if you are a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other
legal entity, as applicable.
8.02.
Disclosure of Ownership Interests. You and each of your Principal Owners represent, warrant and
agree that Exhibit A is current, complete and accurate. You agree that updated Exhibits A will be furnished promptly to
us, so that Exhibit A (as so revised and signed by you) is at all times current, complete and accurate. Each person who is
or becomes a Principal Owner must execute an agreement in the form we prescribe, undertaking to be bound jointly and
severally by the terms of this Agreement, the current form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit B. Each person who is
or becomes an Owner, but not a Principal Owner, must execute an agreement in the form we prescribe, undertaking to
be bound by the confidentiality and non-competition covenants contained in the Agreement, the current form of which
is attached hereto as Exhibit E. Each Owner must be an individual acting in his/her individual capacity, except as
otherwise approved by us.
8.03.
Operating Partner/Management of Business. You must designate in Exhibit A as the “Operating
Partner” an individual approved by us who must: (a) own and control, or have the right to own and control (subject to
terms and conditions reasonably acceptable to us), not less than a ten percent (10%) interest in your equity; (b) have the
authority to bind you regarding all communications with us and operational decisions with respect to your Bakery-Cafe(s);
and (c) have completed our training program to our satisfaction.
Your Operating Partner: (a) shall exert his or her full-time and best efforts to the development and operation of
your Bakery-Cafe and all other Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes you own; and (b) may not engage in any other business or
activity, directly or indirectly, that requires substantial management responsibility or time commitments or otherwise may
conflict with your obligations hereunder. You agree to provide us with copies of any arrangement, agreement or contract
relating to your relationship with your Operating Partner. We shall have no responsibility, liability or obligation to any
party to any such arrangement, agreement or contract, or any amendments thereto, on account of our review thereof or
otherwise, and you agree to indemnify and hold us harmless with respect thereto. Your Bakery-Cafe at all times must be
managed by your Operating Partner or by an on-site general or assistant manager or a shift supervisor who has completed
the appropriate training programs.
8.04.
Baker(s). The baking of breads, bagels and pastries is the core element of our concept. As such, we
go to great lengths to ensure the quality and integrity of our finished product. An essential element of a Panera Bread
Bakery-Cafe is the training and overall performance of in-store baking. The general manager dedicates a portion of his/her
time to the management of in-store bakers and bakeries. We may change the organizational structure of the baking system
from time to time, in which case you will be required to adopt the then-current structure.
8.05.
Baking. Baking is a Panera retail team member’s responsibility, trained (by Panera Bread procedures)
and responsible for the baking of all products sold in or through a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe. If we change the
requirements, organization, structure or functions of the in-store baking process, you will be required to implement the
then-current processes.

11

April 2025

