Panera 2025 FDD (182)

to rescind your acceptance, a second payment in the amount of thirty thousand dollars ($30,000) which represents an additional
twenty percent (20%) of the total development fee for the proposed location will be payable by you within ten (10) days of your
receipt of the Second Pass budget.
(e)
Preconstruction Budget - Prior to commencing construction of the proposed location, Panera will provide you
with an updated estimate of the Total Cost of development of the proposed Bakery-Cafe ("Preconstruction Budget"). You will
have the right, by giving written notice to Panera delivered within ten (10) days after receipt of the Preconstruction Budget, to
rescind your acceptance of the offer if the amount of the Preconstruction Budget exceeds the amount of the Second Pass Budget
by more than ten percent (10%). If you elect to rescind your acceptance after receipt of the Preconstruction Budget, all prior
installments of the development fee will be refunded to you. If you do not elect to rescind your acceptance, a payment in the
amount of thirty seven thousand five hundred dollars ($37,500) which represents an additional twenty five percent (25%) of the
total development fee for the proposed location will be payable by you within ten (10) days of your receipt of the Preconstruction
Budget.
(f)
Closing - The balance of the development fee for the proposed location in the amount of forty five thousand
dollars ($45,000) and an amount equal to thirty percent (30%) of the Preconstruction Budget to be applied to the purchase price
will be payable by you at a closing. At closing, you will also provide a loan commitment or other evidence satisfactory to Panera of
the availability of cash or financing for payment of the balance of the purchase price. At closing, you will also pay the initial franchise
fee, and any other amounts then due under the Franchise Agreement, Lease or Purchase and Sale Agreement.
(g)
Delivery of Possession - Panera will deliver possession of the proposed location to you when the proposed
location is substantially complete, including issuance of a certificate of occupancy. Panera will give you thirty (30) days prior notice
of the estimated date of delivery of possession. On or before the actual date of delivery of possession, you will be required to
deliver an amount equal to an additional sixty percent (60%) of the Preconstruction Budget to be applied to the Purchase Price.
On the date of delivery of possession, the parties will conduct a walk through of the proposed location to identify any “punch list
items” to be completed by Panera. Panera will use reasonable effort to cause all punch list items to be competed promptly after
the date of delivery of possession of the proposed location.
(h)
Opening for Business - You will open the proposed Bakery-Cafe for business with the public within ten (10)
days of the date of delivery of possession of the proposed location to you, subject to your obtaining all approvals and satisfying all
requirements and conditions under the Franchise Agreement.
(i)
The balance of the Purchase Price (the difference between ninety percent (90%) of the Preconstruction Budget
and the Total Cost) will be billed by Panera when the final amount of the Total Cost is determined and will by payable by you within
fifteen (15) days of demand.
(j)
The Total Cost, First Pass Budget, Second Pass Budget, Preconstruction Budget, and any similar report by Panera
to the Franchisee called for by this Agreement shall be presented with reasonably sufficient detail. Panera shall provide additional
detail and supporting documentation for said reports as Franchisee may reasonably request.
3.
Franchise Agreement - You understand and agree that no Franchise Agreement shall be issued for any proposed location
unless all of the following conditions have been met:
(a) Your decision to purchase and operate a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe at a proposed location is based solely on your own independent
investigation of the suitability of the location for a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe. In consideration of the services provide hereunder,
you and your Owners (as defined in the Franchise Agreement) agree to release us, and our Affiliates, shareholders, members,
officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and assigns from any and all loss, damages and liability arising from or in
connection with your purchase and operation of the proposed Bakery-Cafe. You understand and agree that, notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, if Panera offers a location to you and you do not unconditionally accept the offer in strict accordance
with the terms of this Agreement, Panera may at any time develop and operate a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe at the proposed location.
(b) Financial Qualifications. In conjunction with our decision to offer a location to you, we may require that you furnish us updated
financial statements (historical and pro forma), statements of the sources and uses of capital funds, budgets and other information
regarding yourself and each legal entity, if any, involved in the ownership and operation of any Bakery-Cafe we may offer to you,
as well as any then existing Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes you or your Affiliates own. We may refuse to grant you a franchise for a
Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe, and terminate and rescind any offer made under this Agreement, if you fail to demonstrate sufficient
financial and management capabilities to pay the purchase price at closing and properly operate the proposed Bakery-Cafe and the
2
April 2025

