Panera 2025 FDD (197)

premises at which the proposed Bakery-Cafe will be located pursuant to the terms of the Addendum to Lease required by
the Franchise Agreement.
14.

Miscellaneous Provisions.

(a) Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed under the laws of the State of Missouri, provided the
foregoing and any applicable provision in any franchise agreement shall not constitute a waiver of your rights under any
applicable franchise law of another state. Otherwise, in the event of any conflict of law Missouri law will prevail, without
regard to its conflict of law principles. However, if any provision of this Agreement would not be enforceable under
Missouri law, and if such provision would be enforceable under the laws of ___________, then such provision shall be
construed under the laws of that state. Nothing in this section is intended to subject this Agreement to any franchise or
similar law, rule or regulation of the State of Missouri or any other state or political subdivision to which it otherwise
would not be subject.
Subject to Section 14(b) and any applicable provision in any franchise agreement, you and your owners irrevocably submit
to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Missouri in any suit, action or proceeding, arising out of or relating to this
Agreement or any other dispute between you and us, and you irrevocably agree that all claims in respect of any such suit,
action or proceeding must be brought and/or defended therein except with respect to matters that are under the exclusive
jurisdiction of the Federal Courts of the United States, which shall be brought and/or defended in the Federal District
Court sitting in St. Louis, Missouri. You irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent you may lawfully do so, the defense of an
inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such suit, action or proceeding and agree that service of process for purposes
of any such suit, action or proceeding need not be personally served or served within the State of Missouri but may be
served with the same effect as if you were served within the State of Missouri, by certified mail or any other means
permitted by law addressed to you at the address set forth herein. Nothing contained herein shall affect our rights to bring
a suit, action or proceeding in any other appropriate jurisdiction, including any suit, action or proceeding brought by us to
enforce any judgment against you entered by a State or Federal Court.
The provisions of this section shall continue in full force and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding expiration or
termination of this Agreement.
(b) Arbitration. All controversies, disputes, or claims between the parties, including their respective Affiliates,
owners, officers, directors, agents, and employees, arising from or relating to this Agreement, including the scope and
validity of any provision of this Agreement, shall on demand of either party be submitted for arbitration to the American
Arbitration Association (“AAA”). The arbitration shall be governed exclusively by the United States Arbitration Act (9
U.S.C. § 1, et seq.), without reference to any state arbitration statutes. The parties agree that, in connection with any such
arbitration proceeding, each shall submit or file any claim that would constitute a compulsory counterclaim (as defined by
Rule 13 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure) within the same proceeding as the claim to which it relates. Any such
claim that is not submitted or filed in such proceeding shall be barred. The arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in
the city where we then have our principal place of business in accordance with the then-current commercial arbitration
rules of the AAA, except the parties shall be entitled to limited discovery at the discretion of the arbitrator(s) who may,
but are not required to, allow depositions. The parties acknowledge that the arbitrators’ subpoena power is not subject to
geographic limitations. The arbitration proceedings shall be conducted on an individual basis and not on a multi-plaintiff,
consolidated, collective or class-wide basis. The foregoing sentence is an integral provision of the arbitration procedures
set forth in this paragraph, and may not be severed therefrom. If such sentence is determined to be invalid or
unenforceable in connection with a particular controversy, dispute, or claim, then this Section 14(b) shall be stricken from
this Agreement and neither party shall be deemed to have consented to arbitration of such controversy, dispute, or claim.
The arbitrator(s) shall have the right to award the relief that he or she deems proper, consistent with the terms of this
Agreement, including compensatory damages (with interest on unpaid amounts from date due), specific performance,
injunctive relief, legal fees and costs. The award and decision of the arbitrator(s) shall be conclusive and binding on all
parties, and judgment upon the award may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Any right to contest the
validity or enforceability of the award shall be governed exclusively by the United States Arbitration Act.
(c) Time of the Essence. Time is of the essence with respect to this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

6
April 2025

