Panera 2025 FDD (145)

and your sole remedy in the event of the entry of such injunction, shall be its dissolution, if warranted, upon hearing duly
held (all claims for damages by reason of the wrongful issuance of any such injunction being expressly waived). You and
each of your Owners acknowledge that any violation of Sections 7, 13.02(1), 16.02 or 16.03 would result in irreparable
injury to us for which no adequate remedy at law may be available. Accordingly, you and each of your Owners’ consent
to the issuance of an injunction prohibiting any conduct in violation of any of those Sections and agree that the existence
of any claim you or any of your Owners may have against us, whether arising from this Agreement, shall not constitute a
defense to the enforcement of any of those Sections.
19.05. Attorneys' Fees. In a judicial or arbitration proceeding, the non-prevailing party agrees to reimburse
the prevailing party for all of the prevailing party's costs and expenses, including reasonable accounting, paralegal, expert
witness and attorneys' fees.
19.06. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed under the laws of the State of Missouri, provided
the foregoing shall not constitute a waiver of any of your rights under any applicable franchise law of another state.
Otherwise, in the event of any conflict of law, Missouri law will prevail, without regard to its conflict of law principles.
However, if any provision of this Agreement would not be enforceable under Missouri law, and if your Bakery-Cafe is
located outside of Missouri and such provision would be enforceable under the laws of the state in which your BakeryCafe is located, then such provision shall be construed under the laws of that state. Nothing in this Section 19.06 is
intended to subject this Agreement to any franchise or similar law, rule or regulation of the State of Missouri to which it
otherwise would not be subject.
19.07. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement is binding on the parties hereto and their respective
executors, administrators, heirs, assigns and successors in interest. This Agreement is fully transferable and assignable by
us, whether by operation of law or otherwise (without notice to you, or approval by you) and shall inure to the benefit of
any transferee or other legal successor to our interests herein.
19.08. Limitations on Legal Actions. Except with respect to your obligations regarding use of the Marks in
Section 5 and the Confidential Information in Section 7.01, we and you (and your Owners) each waives, to the fullest
extent permitted by law, any right to or claim for any punitive or exemplary damages against the other. You and each of
your Owners waive to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the right to recover consequential damages (including
lost future profits) for any claim directly or indirectly arising from or relating to this Agreement.
You agree that, for our franchise system to function properly, we should not be burdened with the costs of
litigating system-wide disputes. Accordingly, any disagreement between you (and your Owners) and us shall be considered
unique as to its facts and shall not be brought as a class action, and you (and each of your Owners) waive any right to
proceed against us or any of our shareholders, members, managers, Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents,
successors and assigns by way of class action, or by way of a multi-plaintiff, consolidated or collective action. In any legal
action between the parties, the court shall not be precluded from making its own independent determination of the issues
in question, notwithstanding the similarity of issues in any other legal action involving us and any other franchisee, and
each party waives the right to claim that a prior disposition of the same or similar issues precludes such independent
determination.
Furthermore, the parties agree that in the event any legal action is filed in connection with this
Agreement, such action shall be tried to the court sitting without a jury, and all parties hereto waive any right to
have any action tried by jury.
19.09. Construction. The language of this Agreement shall be construed according to its fair meaning and
not strictly against any party. The introduction, personal guarantees, exhibits and riders (if any) to this Agreement, are a
part of this Agreement, which constitutes the entire Agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.
Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, there are no other oral or written agreements, understandings,
representations or statements relating to the subject matter of this Agreement, other than the franchise disclosure
document, that either party may or does rely on or that will have any force or effect. Nothing in this Agreement shall be
deemed to confer any rights or remedies on any person or legal entity not a party hereto. This Agreement shall not be
modified except by written agreement signed by both parties. Time is of the essence in this Agreement.

33

April 2025

