Panera 2025 FDD (94)

11.02
Waiver of Obligations. You and we may by written instrument unilaterally waive or reduce any
obligation of the other under this Agreement. Any such waiver granted shall be without prejudice to any other rights the
waiving party may have, will be subject to continuing review by such party and may be revoked, in such party's sole
discretion, at any time and for any reason, effective upon delivery to the other party of ten (10) days' prior notice. You
and we shall not be deemed to have waived any right reserved by this Agreement or be deemed to have modified this
Agreement by virtue of any custom or practice of the parties at variance with it.
11.03
Exercise of Rights. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the rights of Franchisor and Area
Developer hereunder are cumulative and no exercise or enforcement by Franchisor or Area Developer of any right or
remedy hereunder shall preclude the exercise or enforcement by Franchisor or Area Developer of any other right or
remedy hereunder, which Franchisor or Area Developer is entitled to enforce by applicable law. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, and except as otherwise prohibited or limited by applicable law, any failure, neglect, or delay of a party to assert
any breach or violation of any legal or equitable right arising from or in connection with this Agreement, shall constitute
a waiver of such right and shall preclude the exercise or enforcement of any legal or equitable remedy arising therefrom,
unless written notice specifying such breach or violation is provided to the other party within twenty four (24) months
after the later of: (a) the date of such breach or violation; or (b) the date of discovery of the facts (or the date the facts
could have been discovered, using reasonable diligence) giving rise to such breach or violation.
11.04
Injunctive Relief. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 10.01, we may obtain in any court of
competent jurisdiction any preliminary relief, including temporary restraining orders and preliminary injunctions, against
conduct or threatened conduct for which no adequate remedy at law may be available or which may cause us irreparable
harm. Any such action for preliminary relief shall be in aid of arbitration and shall not be deemed incompatible with the
agreement to arbitrate or constitute a waiver of our right to arbitrate under Section 10.01. We may have such injunctive
relief, without bond, but upon due notice, in addition to such further and other relief as may be available at equity or law,
and your sole remedy in the event of the entry of such injunction, shall be its dissolution, if warranted, upon hearing duly
held (all claims for damages by reason of the wrongful issuance of any such injunction being expressly waived). You and
each of your Owners acknowledges that any violation of Sections 6, 7.02(j) or 9.02 would result in irreparable injury to us
for which no adequate remedy at law may be available. Accordingly, you and each of your Owners consent to the issuance
of an injunction at our request prohibiting any conduct in violation of any of those Sections and agree that the existence
of any claim you or any of your Owners may have against us, whether arising from this Agreement, shall not constitute a
defense to the enforcement of any of those Sections.
11.05
Attorneys' Fees. In a judicial or arbitration proceeding, the non-prevailing party agrees to reimburse
the prevailing party for all of the prevailing party's costs and expenses, including reasonable accounting, paralegal, expert
witness and attorneys' fees.
11.06
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed under the laws of the State of Missouri, provided
the foregoing shall not constitute a waiver of your rights under any applicable franchise law of another state. Otherwise,
in the event of any conflict of law Missouri law will prevail, without regard to its conflict of law principles. However, if
any provision of this Agreement would not be enforceable under Missouri law, and if the Development Area is
predominantly located outside of Missouri and such provision would be enforceable under the laws of the state in which
the Development Area is predominantly located, then such provision shall be construed under the laws of that state.
Nothing in this Section 11.06 is intended to subject this Agreement to any franchise or similar law, rule or regulation of
the State of Missouri or any other state or political subdivision to which it otherwise would not be subject.
11.07
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement is binding on the parties hereto and their respective
executors, administrators, heirs, assigns and successors in interest. This Agreement is fully transferable and assignable by
us, whether by operation of law or otherwise (without notice to you, or approval by you), and shall inure to the benefit of
any transferee or other legal successor to our interest herein.
11.08
Limitations on Legal Actions. Except with respect to your obligations regarding use of the Marks in
Section 5 and the Confidential Information in Section 6.01, Franchisor and Area Developer (and its Owners) each waives,
to the fullest extent permitted by law, any right to or claim for any punitive or exemplary damages against the other. You
and each of your Owners waive, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the right to recover consequential
damages (including lost future profits) for any claim directly or indirectly arising from or relating to this Agreement.
You agree that, for our franchise system to function properly, we should not be burdened with the costs of
litigating system-wide disputes. Accordingly, any disagreement between you (and your Owners) and us shall be considered
unique as to its facts and shall not be brought as a class action, and you (and each of your Owners) waive any right to

15
April 2025

