Panera 2025 FDD (118)

right to approve the terms of any lease, sublease or purchase contract for the Premises, and you agree to deliver a copy to
us for our approval before you sign it. You agree that any lease or sublease for the Premises must, in form and substance
satisfactory to us, include all of the provisions set forth on Exhibit C hereto. You may not execute a lease, sublease or
purchase contract or any modification thereof without our approval. Our approval of the lease, sublease or purchase
contract does not constitute a warranty or representation of any kind, express or implied, as to its fairness or suitability or
as to your ability to comply with its terms. We do not, by virtue of approving the lease, sublease or purchase contract,
assume any liability or responsibility to you or to any third parties. You must deliver a copy of the fully signed lease,
sublease or purchase contract to us within five (5) days after its execution. If you, one of your Owners, or one of your
Affiliates at any time owns the Premises, you must immediately notify us and we may require that you or such Owner or
Affiliate (1) enter into an agreement with us in recordable form granting us the right and option, in the event of a
termination (for whatever reason) of this Agreement, to lease the Premises at fair market rental rates for a term coterminus
(in absence of an early termination) with the term of this Agreement (with an option to extend for 10 years) for such
Premises; or (2) enter into a prime lease with us at fair market rental rates for a term coterminus with the term of this
Agreement (with an option to extend for 10 years) for such Premises and a sublease with us on the same terms as the
prime lease. The prime lease and sublease referenced in the preceding sentence shall be on the then-current lease and
sublease forms used by us.
3.03.
Development of the Premises. You are solely responsible for developing your Bakery-Cafe, for all
expenses associated with it and for compliance with the requirements of any applicable federal, state or local law, code or
regulation, including those concerning the Americans with Disabilities Act (“ADA”) or similar rules governing public
accommodations for persons with disabilities. We will furnish you with an operational concept plan and specifications for
your Bakery-Cafe. The operational concept plan and specifications will not contain the requirements of any such federal,
state or local laws, codes or regulations. You shall review and modify (if necessary) the operational concept plan and
specifications to ensure that they comply with all applicable ordinances, building codes and permit requirements and any
lease requirements and restrictions. You acknowledge that design quality is important to us and that we have the right to
review and approve all plans and specifications and to confirm that construction is completed in conformance with the
plans and specifications we have approved. You must employ an architect and/or engineer acceptable to us. You must
submit all such modified plans and specifications, including design specifications, to us for our approval before starting to
construct and/or improve the Premises. All final plans, including any changes required by any laws, codes or regulations,
are subject to our approval. You must submit any revised plans and specifications to us for our approval. Our review and
approval of your plans is not designed to assess compliance with federal, state or local laws and regulations, including the
ADA, as compliance with such laws is your sole responsibility. All construction and/or improvements and any signage
must comply with all applicable laws, ordinances and local rules and regulations and must be in accordance with the plans
and specifications we have approved.
We will furnish such guidance to you in developing the Premises as we deem appropriate. We may periodically
inspect the Premises during its development. We do not, by approving your plans or specifications or inspecting the
Premises, assume any liability or responsibility to you or to any third parties. Such approvals and inspections shall be
solely for the purpose of assuring compliance with our standards and shall not be construed as any express or implied
representation or warranty that your Bakery-Cafe complies with any applicable laws, codes or regulations (including the
ADA or any other federal, state, or local law or ordinance regulating standards for the access to, use of, or modifications
of buildings for any by persons whose disabilities are protected by law) or that the construction thereof is sound or free
from defects. All prototype and modified plans and specifications for your Bakery-Cafe remain our sole and exclusive
property, and you may claim no interest therein. You shall execute such work-for-hire or intellectual property assignment
agreements as we require to confirm our ownership of all such plans and specifications, and shall cause appropriate third
parties (e.g., architect) to execute similar agreements, as well as confidentiality agreements.
You agree to obtain all required permits and licenses as soon as reasonably possible to commence construction
of your Bakery-Cafe. You must start construction of your Bakery-Cafe within sixty (60) days after the later to occur of (a)
delivery to you of the right of possession of the Premises; and (b) issuance of all permits and licenses required for
construction and/or renovation of the Premises. You must employ a general contractor acceptable to us. You must
procure all applicable construction insurance in amounts and coverages acceptable to us. You must complete construction
of your Bakery-Cafe within one hundred eighty (180) days after the start of construction. You must open your BakeryCafe within twenty-one (21) days after the date construction is completed and all necessary approvals have been obtained.
Any extensions of time are subject to our approval, which we may withhold at our discretion. You must provide us with
weekly progress reports during construction in a format acceptable to us. We have the right to visit and inspect, at our

6

April 2025

