Panera 2025 FDD (86)

and each Owner shall not, without our prior written consent, which we may grant or deny in our sole discretion, directly
or indirectly borrow any money or incur any debt or liability (other than lease obligations for the Panera Bread BakeryCafe's land and building and trade payables in the ordinary course of business) to develop the Development Area or to
establish, operate and maintain the Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes to be established in the Development Area pursuant to this
Agreement, in amounts in excess of seventy five percent (75%) of the actual aggregate undepreciated costs of the leasehold
improvements, furniture, fixtures, kitchen equipment and signs for all of the Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes owned or
operated by you, and/or any of your Owners or Affiliates, with repayment terms of no more than ten (10) years. You
acknowledge any security interest in or pledge of assets or ownership interest in connection therewith constitutes a
Transfer of the Development Rights subject to the terms of this Agreement, including obtaining our approval and
executing such agreements and certificates as we may require. For purposes of this Section 3.05, any equity or other
interest that we deem to be substantially similar to debt or borrowed funds (e.g., equity interests with preferences,
dividends, etc.) shall be deemed debt or borrowed funds. You shall not extend, renew, refinance, modify or amend any
debt or liability permitted by this Section 3.05 without our prior written consent, which consent we may grant or deny in
our sole discretion.
3.06
Annual Reports. You must furnish us: (a) within ninety (90) days after the end of each calendar year,
(i) a consolidated year-end balance sheet and income statement and statement of cash flow for you and all of your Affiliates
that develop, own or operate Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes, all prepared in accordance with Panera Standards, and reflecting
all year-end adjustments and accruals; (ii) similar information from all Principal Owners who have executed guarantees of
this Agreement; and (iii) such summaries of financial information as we may require from time to time; and (b) within
thirty (30) days of our request, such other information as we may require from time to time, including income tax
statements. All such reports shall use our then-current standard chart of accounts. You must execute a verification that
the information in each such report and financial statement is complete and accurate. We reserve the right to require that
your annual financial statements be audited, at your expense, by an independent certified public accountant approved by
us. We reserve the right to publish or disclose information that we obtain under this Section 3.06 in any data compilations,
collections, or aggregations that we deem appropriate, in our sole discretion.
Additionally, and at our request, you must complete and submit to us a franchisee financial qualification summary
in the form designated by us, as it may change from time to time, with your submission.
4.

YOUR ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT.

4.01
Organizational Documents. You and each of your Owners represent, warrant and agree that: (a) you
are duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the state of your organization, and, if a foreign business
corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other legal entity, you are duly qualified to transact business in the
state(s) in which the Development Area is located; (b) you have the authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and
to perform your obligations hereunder; (c) true and complete copies of the articles of incorporation, articles of
organization, operating agreement or principles, partnership agreement, bylaws, subscription agreements, buy-sell
agreements, voting trust agreements, trust agreements and all other documents relating to your ownership, organization,
capitalization, management and control, and any amendments thereto (“Organizational Documents”) shall be promptly
delivered to us; (d) your activities are restricted to those necessary solely for the development, ownership and operation
of Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes in accordance with this Agreement and in accordance with any other agreements entered
into with us or any of our Affiliates; (e) the Organizational Documents recite that the issuance, transfer or pledge of any
direct or indirect legal or beneficial ownership interest is restricted by the terms of this Agreement; (f) all certificates
representing direct or indirect legal or beneficial ownership interests now or hereafter issued must bear a legend in
conformity with applicable law reciting or referring to such restrictions; and (g) you will deliver to us a
Secretary/Clerk's/Trustee’s Certificate or other evidence satisfactory to us that the execution, delivery and performance
of this Agreement, each Franchise Agreement and all other agreements and ancillary documents contemplated hereby or
thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action by Area Developer, if you are corporation, partnership, limited
liability company or other legal entity, as applicable.
4.02
Disclosure of Ownership Interests. You and each of your Owners represent, warrant and agree that
Exhibit B is current, complete and accurate. You agree that updated Exhibits B will be furnished promptly to us, so that
Exhibit B (as so revised and signed by you) is at all times current, complete and accurate. Each person who is or becomes
a Principal Owner must execute an agreement in the form we prescribe, undertaking to be bound jointly and severally by
the terms of this Agreement, the current form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit C. Each person who is or becomes
an Owner, but not a Principal Owner, must execute an agreement in the form we prescribe, undertaking to be bound by
the confidentiality and non-competition covenants contained in the Agreement, the current form of which is attached

7
April 2025

