Panera 2025 FDD (6)

ITEM 1

THE FRANCHISOR, AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS, AND AFFILIATES

Unless the context otherwise requires, all references to “Panera,” “we,” “us,” or “our” refer to Panera, LLC and all references to
“Franchisee,” “you,” or “your” refer to the person who is granted the right to operate a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe under a Franchise
Agreement. If you are a corporation, limited liability company, partnership or any other type of legal entity, the provisions of the Franchise
Agreement (and, if applicable, the Area Development Agreement) also apply to your owners by virtue of the requirement that some or all
your owners personally guarantee, and be personally bound by, your obligations under the Franchise Agreement (and, if applicable, the Area
Development Agreement). All initially capitalized terms used but not defined in this Disclosure Document have the meanings ascribed to
them in the Franchise Agreement and Area Development Agreement.
A.

PANERA, LLC

Panera is a Delaware limited liability company, which was formed on December 31, 2001, when Panera, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, was converted to a limited liability company. Panera was originally formed under the name of ABP Acquisition Corp. on
November 10, 1993. Subsequently, it changed its name to “Saint Louis Bread Company, Inc.” in December 1993 and then to “Panera, Inc.”
in July 1999. Panera is a wholly owned subsidiary of Panera Bread Company (referred to as “Panera Bread Company” or “PBC”), which was
formerly known as Au Bon Pain Co., Inc. Our principal place of business is 1400 South Highway Drive, Suite 100, Fenton Missouri 63026.
Our registered agents and agents for service of process are listed in Exhibit G. As of the date of this Disclosure Document, Panera does
business under the name Panera Bread, Saint Louis Bread Company and Saint Louis Bread Co.
B.

PANERA'S BUSINESS

Panera is in the business of operating and franchising Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes, using certain of the “Marks” and “System,” both
as defined in the Franchise Agreement attached as Exhibit B, specializing in the retail sale of high quality food in a warm, inviting and
comfortable environment. Panera has a menu highlighted by flavorful, wholesome offerings, including cage-free eggs. Our key menu groups
are soups, salads, sandwiches, mac & cheese, and baked goods, including a variety of bagels, breads, muffins, scones, rolls and sweet goods,
made-to-order sandwiches on freshly baked breads and side items, coffees and cafe beverages, such as hot or cold espresso and cappuccino
drinks and smoothies, as well as other menu items and merchandise related to the Panera Bread concept (“Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe(s)” or
“Bakery-Cafe(s)”). Our menu includes a wide variety of year-round favorites complemented by new items introduced seasonally. Panera is
committed to providing great tasting, quality food people feel good about. In 2010, we became the first national restaurant company to post
calorie information on menu boards, and in 2014 we began our journey of removing the artificial preservatives, sweeteners, flavors, and
colors from artificial sources identified on our “No No List”. In neighborhoods across the United States, customers are drawn to our warm
and welcoming environment which features comfortable gathering areas, relaxing decor and free internet access.
When we acquired our bakery cafe concept in 1993, which was then known as “Saint Louis Bread/Company,” we substantially
improved the “Saint Louis Bread Company” Bakery-Cafe concept and, for strategic marketing reasons, chose a new name, “Panera Bread.”
We also recognized that the “Saint Louis Bread Company” name had valuable name recognition in St. Louis, Missouri. Accordingly, all
Bakery-Cafes throughout the U.S. currently operate under the “Panera Bread” name, except for those company-owned Bakery-Cafes located
in the St. Louis, Missouri market area. For purposes of this Disclosure Document, we refer to all of these Bakery-Cafes as “Panera Bread
Bakery-Cafes” even though some of them use the “Saint Louis Bread Company” name.
We have been franchising and operating company-owned Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes since December 1993. Panera has not offered
franchises in any other lines of business.
C.

THE PARENT AND AFFILIATES OF PANERA

Panera Brands
Panera Brands, Inc. (“Parent Company”), a Delaware corporation, indirectly owns substantially all of the equity interest in Panera
and has the same principal place of business as ours. Our indirect ultimate parent company is JAB Holding Company S.à.r.l., a Luxembourgbased holding company (“JAB”) and has its principal place of business located at 4, Rue Jean Monnet, L-2180 Luxemburg, Grand Duchy of
Luxemburg. In addition to owning Panera, our Parent Company owns Caribou Coffee Company, Inc., a Minnesota corporation (“Caribou”),
which owns and franchises coffeehouses under the Caribou Coffee® name (“Caribou Coffeehouse”), Einstein Noah Restaurant Group, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation, which owns and franchises through its subsidiaries Einstein Bros.® Bagels, Manhattan Bagel®, and Bruegger’s®
Bagels restaurants.

April 2025 Panera FDD

1

