Panera 2025 FDD (193)

We may terminate this Agreement effective upon delivery of written notice to you if: (i) the Proposed Location is not
approved by Panera; (ii) you fail to comply with any site approval condition or requirement established by Panera; or (iii)
you are in default under any lease, purchase and sale agreement, or other agreement pursuant to which you hold a real
estate interest in the Proposed Location. If Panera terminates this Agreement pursuant to this section, Panera will retain
all installments of the Development Fee previously paid by you, and any unpaid installment of the Development Fee shall
become immediately due and payable.
4.
Franchise Agreement. You understand and agree that no Franchise Agreement shall be issued for any Proposed
Location unless all of the following conditions have been met:
(a)
Independent Investigation of Suitability. Your decision to purchase and operate a Bakery-Cafe at a
Proposed Location is based solely on your own independent investigation of the suitability of the location for a Panera
Bread Bakery-Cafe. In consideration of the services provide hereunder, you and your owners agree to release us, and our
affiliates, shareholders, members, officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and assigns from any and all loss,
damages and liability arising from or in connection with your purchase and operation of the proposed Bakery-Cafe.
(b)
Financial Qualifications. We may require that you furnish us updated financial statements (historical
and pro forma), statements of the sources and uses of capital funds, budgets and other information regarding yourself and
each legal entity, if any, involved in the ownership and operation of the proposed Bakery-Cafe, as well as any then existing
Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes you or your affiliates own. We may refuse to grant you a franchise for a Panera Bread BakeryCafe, and terminate and rescind any offer made under this Agreement, if you fail to demonstrate sufficient financial and
management capabilities to pay amounts due in connection with development of the proposed Bakery-Cafe and properly
operate the proposed Bakery-Cafe and the then-existing Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes you and your affiliates own. We will
evaluate such financial and management capabilities in accordance with the then-current standards we use to establish
Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes in other comparable market areas.
(c)
Execution of Franchise Agreement. If we determine to grant any rights to operate any Panera Bread
Bakery-Cafe hereunder, we will do so by issuing Panera’s then-current form of standard franchise agreement, together
with all standard ancillary documents (including exhibits, addendum, riders, collateral assignments of leases, principal
owner guarantees and other related documents) that we then customarily use in granting franchises for the operation of
Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes (the “Franchise Agreement”). In such event:
(i) You and your owners shall execute and return the Franchise Agreement and pay the initial franchise fee
at the closing of the transaction under this Agreement, but no earlier than five (5) business days after
we deliver it to you. If we do not receive the fully executed Franchise Agreement and payment of
the initial franchise fee as required hereunder, we may revoke our offer to grant you a franchise to
operate a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe at a Proposed Location; and
(ii) The initial franchise fee payable for each proposed Bakery-Cafe pursuant to this Agreement shall be
Thirty Five Thousand Dollars ($35,000), payable at execution of the Franchise Agreement, and the
royalty fees shall not exceed the percentage set forth in our standard form franchise agreement being
offered as of the date of this Agreement. You will also pay a fee of Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000)
upon approval of any Proposed Location. If the Franchise Agreement is executed, the Five Thousand
Dollars ($5,000) fee will be credited against the initial franchise fee.
5.
Development of the Premises. Panera will develop and equip the Bakery-Cafe as a typical Panera Bread BakeryCafe in accordance with its then current design and construction standards and specifications as applied by Panera to the
Proposed Location, in its sole discretion. Panera will consult with you before finalizing its design and construction plans
for the Proposed Location.
6.
Furniture, Fixtures and Equipment. All equipment will be new and will be guaranteed by the manufacturer under
the manufacturer’s standard warranty, if any. The assets to be ordered by Panera pursuant to this Agreement will not
include any small wares, food, merchandise or paper goods inventory all of which will be provided by you.
7.
Termination. Panera may terminate this Agreement at any time effective upon written notice to you if you are
unable to enter into a lease for the Proposed Location, or if Panera is unable to obtain any necessary permit or other third
party approval to develop and operate the Proposed Location, or if Panera determines, in its sole discretion, that
development of the proposed Bakery-Cafe is not feasible for any reason or no longer meets Panera's development

2
April 2025

