Panera 2025 FDD (205)

1.1.6 “Franchisee’s Affiliate(s)” means an entity(ies) that is an affiliate of Franchisee that has entered
into Franchise Documents for the operation of Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe(s).
1.1.7 “Offering(s)” means each of the Panera Software, Third Party Products, Third Party Hardware,
and/or Support Services, provided to Franchisee pursuant to this Agreement.
1.1.8 “Order(s)” means the Offerings selected and ordered by the Franchisee in the Panera Online
Catalog.
1.1.9 “Panera Software” means our proprietary software (including any third-party software integrated
therein) for installation on Franchisee’s systems either on premises or a hosted environment.
1.1.10 “Panera’s Online Catalog” means online catalog of the Offerings available for order by the
Franchisee and subject to the applicable terms and conditions or a link to such terms and conditions
associated therewith.
1.1.11 “Subscription Period” means the subscription period provided in the Panera Online Catalog for
the Offerings.
1.1.12 “Support Services” means professional, support, maintenance, and other services coordinated
and/or provided by Panera or an Authorized Third Party.
1.1.13 “Third Party Hardware” means third-party manufactured equipment and/or hardware.
1.1.14 “Third Party Software” means software, cloud and software as a service products hosted or
provided by an Authorized Third Party and accessed remotely by the Franchisee pursuant to the terms of
this Agreement. Collectively, Third Party Hardware and Third Party Software shall be referred to as “Third
Party Products”.
1.1.15 “Third Party Terms and Conditions” means the terms and conditions applicable to the Third Party
Products ordered by Franchisee through Panera’s Online Catalog.
1.2
Scope. This Agreement governs Franchisee’s (or any Franchisee’s Affiliate’s) purchase and use of certain
Offerings. Unless otherwise indicated, if any Franchisee’s Affiliate has entered into Franchise Document(s) with
Panera to operate a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe(s), all references to “Franchisee” or “you” in this Agreement shall
apply in equal measure to, or any Offerings or SOW(s) for, such specific Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe(s). Franchisee
acknowledges and agrees that as a Party to this Agreement it undertakes all obligations under this Agreement on
behalf of any Franchisee’s Affiliate(s), and shall cause each Franchisee’s Affiliate to undertake and fulfill any
obligations under this Agreement, as applicable.
1.3
Ordering. Franchisee, through its Authorized Representative, may select and order certain Offerings via
Panera’s Online Catalog, a link to which is listed in Exhibit A. Panera may designate an alternative method of
accessing the Panera Online Catalog for placing an Order in its sole discretion for use by Franchisee and its
Authorized Users. Orders for Support Services may be provided pursuant to a Statement of Work (“SOW”)
provided to Franchisee after an Order has been placed through Panera’s Online Catalog. For the avoidance of
doubt, in the event Franchisees purchases products or services directly from an Authorized Third Party, Panera
shall have no obligations to Franchisee with respect to any terms and conditions outside of this Agreement unless
otherwise agreed to inwriting between Franchisee and Panera.
1.4
Offerings. The Offerings may include but are not limited to: (a) Panera Software, (b) Third Party Software,
(c) Third Party Hardware, and (d) Support Services. The Offerings listed on Panera’s Online Catalog shall be
provided by either Authorized Third Parties or Panera. Unless otherwise specified herein, Panera’s Online Catalog
provides the specific available Offerings and either the terms and conditions or a link to the terms and conditions
governing your use of the Offering. By placing an Order, Franchisee agrees to: (i) the terms and conditions of this
3

