Panera 2025 FDD (116)

respect to training, management, quality assurance, health, safety, recruitment, security, site selection, site
acceptance processes, standards, customer services, approved suppliers, operating system manuals, cafe training
manuals, management training manuals, onboarding materials and the menu policy.
“Premises” – The location identified in Section 2.01.
“Principal Owner” – Each Owner with a ten percent (10%) or greater interest in Franchisee.
“System” – The business methods, designs and arrangements for developing and operating Panera Bread BakeryCafes, which include the Intellectual Property, building design and layouts, equipment, ingredients, recipes,
methods of preparation and specifications for authorized food products, training, methods of inventory control
and certain operating and business standards and policies, all of which we may improve, further develop or
otherwise modify from time to time.
“Transfer the Franchise” – or similar words – The direct or indirect sale, assignment, transfer, exchange,
conversion, license, sublicense, lease, sublease, mortgage, pledge, collateral assignment, grant of a security,
collateral or conditional interest or other encumbrance in or on, or other disposition, whether voluntary,
involuntary, by operation of law or otherwise, of this Agreement, any interest in or right under this Agreement,
any form of legal or beneficial ownership interest in you, or any form of ownership interest or right to participate
in or receive the benefit of the assets, revenues, income or profits of your Bakery-Cafe, or any one or more other
acts or events not covered by the foregoing that we reasonably determine to be a form of direct or indirect
transfer, including: (1) any transfer, redemption or issuance of a legal or beneficial ownership interest in the
capital stock of, a membership interest in, or a partnership interest in, you or of any interest convertible into or
exchangeable for capital stock of, a membership interest in or a partnership interest in, Franchisee; (2) any merger
or consolidation between you and another entity, whether or not you are the surviving entity, or any conversion
of Franchisee from one form of legal entity into another form of legal entity, or any sale, exchange, encumbrance
or other disposition of your assets; (3) any transfer in connection with or as a result of a divorce, dissolution of
marriage or similar proceeding or a property settlement or legal separation agreement in the context of a divorce,
dissolution of marriage or similar proceeding, an insolvency, bankruptcy or assignment for benefit of creditors,
a judgment, a corporate, limited liability company or partnership dissolution or otherwise by operation of law;
(4) any transfer by gift, declaration of trust, transfer in trust, revocation of trust, trustee succession, trust
termination, discretionary or mandatory trust distribution, occurrence of any event (e.g., death of a person) that
affects or ripens the rights of contingent beneficiaries, exercise of a power of appointment, exercise of a
withdrawal right, adjudication of any Principal Owner as legally disabled, or upon or after the death of any of
your Principal Owners by will or the laws of intestate succession or otherwise; or (5) any foreclosure upon your
Bakery-Cafe or the transfer, surrender or loss by you of possession, control or management of your Bakery-Cafe.
“your Bakery-Cafe” – The Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe operated by you at the Premises.
2.

GRANT OF RIGHTS.

2.01.
Grant of Franchise. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, we grant to you the right, and you assume
the obligation, to operate a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe and to use the System solely in connection therewith, for a term
starting from and after the date hereof and expiring on the twentieth (20th) anniversary of (a) the opening of your BakeryCafe, if an initial franchise, or (b) the date of this Agreement, if this is a successor or transfer franchise (in either case, the
“Term”). The location details and opening date, as applicable, are provided in Exhibit D. You may not conduct the
business of your Bakery-Cafe or use the System at any site other than the Premises, as defined in Exhibit D, without our
consent. You may not relocate your Bakery-Cafe, without our consent and paying our standard relocation fee, which
currently is Seven Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($7,500).
2.02.
Your Protected Area. During the Term, we will not operate (directly or through an Affiliate), nor
grant to another person the right to operate, any Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes located within a geographic area (the
“Protected Area”) consisting of a one (1)-mile radius from the center of the Premises, unless the parties have identified a
different geographic area in the Site Acceptance Letter, attached as Exhibit G, in which case the Protected Area shall
consist of the geographical area identified in Exhibit G.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, we have the right to operate (directly or through an Affiliate), and to grant to
others the right to operate, within the Protected Area and elsewhere: (a) Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes or other retail food
4

April 2025

