Panera 2025 FDD (140)

If you and all of your Owners or Affiliates cannot deliver clear title to your Bakery-Cafe, or if there are other
unresolved issues, the closing may, at our option, be accomplished through an escrow on such terms and conditions as we
deem appropriate, including the making of payments, to be deducted from the purchase price, directly to third parties in
order to obtain clear title to your Bakery-Cafe. Further, you or any of your Owners or Affiliates, on the one hand, and
we, on the other hand, shall comply with any applicable Bulk Sales provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted
in the state or states where your Bakery-Cafe is located, or provide an indemnity and escrow on terms satisfactory to us in
order to fully satisfy any obligations and liabilities with respect to such Bulk Sales provisions, and all applicable state and
local sales and income tax notification and/or escrow procedures. We have the right to set off against and reduce the
purchase price by any and all amounts owed by you or any of your Owners or Affiliates to us, or any of our Affiliates.
(c)
Real Estate Lease Guaranty. Prior to the closing of a sale pursuant to this Purchase Option,
you or any of your Owners or Affiliates may request from the real estate lessor of your Bakery-Cafe that you or any of
your Owners or Affiliates be released as of such closing from any real estate lease guaranties that you or any of your
Owners or Affiliates may have provided. If the real estate lessors do not agree to grant such releases, upon such closing,
the purchasing party shall indemnify you or any of your Owners or Affiliates with respect to any obligations under a real
estate lease guaranty given by you or any of your Owners or Affiliates for your Bakery-Cafe on terms satisfactory to us.
16.10. Purchase Option Definitions. For the purposes of Sections 16.04 through 16.10, the following terms
shall have the following meanings:
(a)
“Cash Flow Multiple” shall be a multiple of cash flow that is typically used in determining the
fair market value for the purchase and sale of Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes. The multiple shall reflect only the cash flow
potential of the particular Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe operated under a valid franchise agreement reflecting the then-current
(or if we are not offering franchises at that time, then the most recent) standard terms upon which we offer franchises for
Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes. Under no circumstances will any value be attributed to (i) any goodwill associated with the
Marks, (ii) the System, or (iii) the potential of adding more Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes in the particular market area.
(b)
“Development Costs” shall mean the reasonable direct out of pocket costs and expenses to
unrelated third parties paid in connection with the development of a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe.
(c)

“Option Event” shall mean a termination or expiration (without renewal) as described in

Section 16.04.
(d)
“Option Notice Date” shall mean the date on which we provide you with the Option Notice,
as described in Section 16.04.
(e)
“Overhead Allocation” shall mean six percent (6%) of the total Bakery-Cafe Net Sales for the
particular number of Periods of the Established Bakery-Cafes, the Young Bakery-Cafes and the New Bakery-Cafes.
(f)
“Period” shall mean each fiscal quarter or other shorter period within your Fiscal Year at the
close of each of which quarter or shorter periods you regularly close the books and records for accounting and financial
reporting purposes. Your “Fiscal Year” shall mean the one year period, consistently applied, that you adopt for accounting
and financial reporting purposes for your Bakery-Cafes.
(g)
“Measurement Year” is a period consisting of a number of consecutive Periods equal in length
to your Fiscal Year (which may not be coterminous with your Fiscal Year). “Most Recently Completed Measurement
Year” shall mean the Measurement Year (or Measurement Years, as the case may be) completed immediately preceding
the Period in which the Option Notice Date occurs.
(h)
“Bakery-Cafe Cash Flow” shall mean, for any specified Period or Measurement Year, the total
Bakery-Cafe Net Sales of a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe for such Period or Measurement Year, less all direct expenses related
to operating the Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe including the expenses listed in Exhibit F hereto, determined in accordance
with Panera Standards.
(i)

“Bakery-Cafe Net Sales” shall mean Net Sales for a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe.

(j)
“Standard Maintenance Capital Expenditure Schedule” for a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe shall
mean the maintenance capital expenditures for such Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe and other documented expenditures to

28

April 2025

