Panera 2025 FDD (51)

ITEM 15

OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE BUSINESS

You must designate in Exhibit A to the Franchise Agreement as the “Operating Partner” an individual approved by us who must:
(a) own and control, or have the right to own and control (subject to conditions reasonably acceptable to us), not less than ten percent (10%)
of your equity; (b) have the authority to bind you regarding all communications with us and operational decisions with respect to your BakeryCafe; and (c) have completed our training program to our satisfaction.
Your Operating Partner: (a) shall exert his/her full-time and best efforts to the development and operation of your Panera Bread
Bakery-Cafe and all other Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes you own; and (b) may not engage in any other business or activity, directly or indirectly,
that requires substantial management responsibility or time commitments or otherwise may conflict with your obligations under the Franchise
Agreement. You agree to provide us with copies of any arrangement, agreement or contract, and all amendments thereto, relating to your
relationship with your Operating Partner. We shall have no responsibility, liability or obligation to any party to any such arrangement,
agreement or contract, or any amendments thereto, on account of our review thereof or otherwise, and you agree to indemnify and hold us
harmless with respect thereto. Your Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe must, at all times, be managed by your Operating Partner or by an on-site
general or assistant manager or a shift supervisor who has completed our training program to our satisfaction. Your manager need not have
an equity interest in the franchise.
As more fully set forth in the Franchise Agreement and the Area Development Agreement, you must implement all reasonable
procedures we prescribe from time to time to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information. Such procedures may
include the use of nondisclosure agreements with your owners, officers, directors, Operating Partners, managers, assistant managers, head
bakers and the like. You and your owners must deliver such agreements to us. At the end of the term of a Franchise Agreement or Area
Development Agreement, you must deliver to us all Confidential Information.
If you are a partnership, corporation, limited liability company or other legal entity, one, some or all of your owners as we deem
necessary must undertake to be personally bound, jointly and severally, by your obligations under the Franchise Agreement and Area
Development Agreement, if any. Copies of these guarantees are attached to the forms of Area Development Agreement and Franchise
Agreement in Exhibit A and Exhibit B of this Disclosure Document.

[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY]

April 2025 Panera FDD

46

