Panera 2025 FDD (218)

principles. However, if any provision of this Agreement would not be enforceable under Missouri law, and if your
Bakery-Cafe is located outside of Missouri and such provision would be enforceable under the laws of the state in
which your Bakery-Cafe is located, then such provision shall be construed under the laws of that state. Nothing in
this Section 16 is intended to subject this Agreement to any franchise or similar law, rule or regulation of the State
of Missouri to which it otherwise would not be subject.
24.
CREDIT CARDS. It is your responsibility to maintain and report your PCI compliance, which encompasses
operational policies and practices as well as networks and POS systems hardware/software used to process credit
card transactions, as well as attesting that you are abiding by (i) the Payment Card Industry (“PCI”) Data Security
Standards enacted by the applicable Card Associations (as they may be modified from time to time or as successor
standards are adopted); and (ii) all other security standards and guidelines that may be published from time to
time by payment card companies and/or enacted by law, and are applicable to customer credit card and debit
card information. If you know or suspect a security breach, you must immediately notify both your credit card
transaction acquirer and Panera. You assume all responsibility for providing notice of breach or compromise, along
with duties and costs associated with fraudulent transactions, penalties, and ongoing Fees for monitoring
customer credit card histories and/or transactions for affected customers of your Bakery-Cafe(s).
25.
MISCELLANEOUS. (a) As used in this Agreement the word “including” means including without limitation;
(b) Each party has full power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement, and the person signing this
Agreement on behalf of each party has been properly authorized to enter into this Agreement and to execute it
and any Order or other attachments hereto on behalf of such party; (c) The relationship of the parties will always
and only be that of independent contractors. No provision of this Agreement will be construed to create a joint
venture or partnership between the parties: (d) This Agreement (including all Attachments, Exhibits, and/or
Orders executed by the parties) constitutes the entire agreement, and supersedes all prior negotiations,
understandings or agreements (oral or written), between the parties concerning its subject matter; (e) The failure
of either party to enforce its rights under this Agreement at any time for any period will not be construed as a
waiver of such rights. No change, modification or waiver to this Agreement will be effective unless in writing and
signed by both parties; (f) Franchisee may not (and shall cause each Franchisee’s Affiliate to not) assign this
Agreement or any Order without the prior written consent of Panera and any attempted assignment in violation
of the foregoing will be null and void. This Agreement is fully transferable and assignable by Panera, whether by
operation of law or otherwise (without notice to Franchisee, or approval by Franchisee), and shall inure to the
benefit of any transferee or other legal successor to Panera’s interest herein; (g) Headings are for convenience of
reference only and will in no way affect interpretation of the Agreement; (h) All notices will be in writing,
addressed to the party at its address set forth in this Agreement (or other address provided by notice) and sent
by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, overnight courier with receipted delivery, or other means
providing proof of delivery. All notices will be addressed to the party to be notified at its most current principal
business address of which the notifying party has been notified in writing. All notices to us must include a copy to
our General Counsel and our Chief Franchise Officer to be effective; (i) Except as otherwise noted in this
Agreement, every part of this Agreement shall be considered severable. If for any reason any part of this
Agreement is held to be invalid, that determination shall not impair the other parts of this Agreement. If any
provision of this Agreement or any specification, standard or operating procedure prescribed by us is invalid or
unenforceable under applicable law, we have the right, in our sole discretion, to modify such invalid or
unenforceable provision, specification, standard or operating procedure to the extent required to make it valid
and enforceable. Any term or provision of this Agreement or any application thereof which may be invalid or
unenforceable shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibitions or unenforceability without affecting the
remainder of this Agreement or any other application of such term or provision; (j) You shall use the Offerings in
full compliance with all applicable laws, ordinances and regulations, including any law, ordinance or regulation
relating to terrorist activities. You must notify us in writing immediately upon the commencement of any legal or
administrative action, or the issuance of an order of any court, agency or other governmental instrumentality
applicable to the Offerings; (k) Franchisee and Panera agree that the electronic signatures of any party to this
Agreement shall have the same force and effect as manual signatures and such electronic signature shall not be
16

