Panera 2025 FDD (176)

Subject to the terms of the
[NAME OF AREA]
Bakery-Cafe Advertising
Association Authorization Agreement, the Board of Directors will set the dates and method of payment for contributions.
However, Members will not have to pay their contributions for new Bakery-Cafes until after their Bakery-Cafes have
opened for business.
Section 6.3.

Default in Payments

The Board of Directors will establish from time to time policies and procedures for dealing with situations in
which Members have not timely paid contributions. The Board of Directors may set interest rates and fees to offset
administrative expenses, collection costs, etc. for delinquent payments.
ARTICLE 7
Notices
Section 7.1.

Recording

Whenever these Bylaws require notice to be given to Members, directors, or committee members, proof of such
notice whether given by mail, e-mail, telecopy, telephone, telegraph, cablegram or by personal contact will be recorded
and filed by the Secretary in the minute book and incorporated into the minutes for the meeting to which such notice
pertains.
Section 7.2.

Waiver

Whenever any notice of a meeting is required to be given under the provisions of the Act, of the Articles of
Incorporation, or of these Bylaws, a waiver thereof in writing, signed by the person or persons entitled to such notice,
either before, at or after the meeting, will be deemed equivalent to such required notice. Attendance of a person entitled
to notice at a meeting will also constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting; provided, however, that such attendance will
not constitute such a waiver if said person attends said meeting solely for the purpose of, and limits his participation at the
meeting to, objecting to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened and states
such objection at the beginning of the meeting.
ARTICLE 8
Designated Financial Agents, Signatures and Seal
Section 8.1.

Designated Financial Agents

All funds of the Corporation will be deposited in the name of the Corporation in such bank, banks or other
financial institutions as the Board of Directors may from time to time designate and will be drawn out on checks, drafts
or other order signed on behalf of the Corporation by such person or persons as the Board of Directors may from time
to time designate.
Section 8.2.

Other Agreements

Except as otherwise specifically provided by these Bylaws, all contracts, agreements, deeds, bonds, mortgages
and other obligations and instruments must be signed on behalf of the Corporation by the President and Treasurer or by
such other officers or agents as the Board of Directors may from time to time by resolution provide.
ARTICLE 9
Amendments of Bylaws
The Bylaws may be altered, amended or repealed only by the Members at a meeting of Members, provided that
the notice of the meeting contains a written proposal to amend these Bylaws along with the text of the amendments, and
[NAME OF AREA]
subject to the prior written approval of Franchisor in accordance with the
Bakery-Cafe Advertising Association Authorization Agreement. The amendment of any Bylaw or replacement of these
Bylaws will be effective when approved by the Members by two thirds of the votes cast or a majority of the voting power,
whichever is less or otherwise in accordance with applicable law.

10

