Panera 2025 FDD (187)

Subject to the foregoing and any applicable provision in any Franchise Agreement, you and your Owners irrevocably
submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Missouri in any suit, action or proceeding, arising out of or relating to this
Agreement or any other dispute between you and us, and you irrevocably agree that all claims in respect of any such suit, action or
proceeding must be brought and/or defended therein except with respect to matters that are under the exclusive jurisdiction of the
Federal Courts of the United States, which shall be brought and/or defended in the Federal District Court sitting in St. Louis,
Missouri. You irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent you may lawfully do so, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the
maintenance of such suit, action or proceeding and agree that service of process for purposes of any such suit, action or proceeding
need not be personally served or served within the State of Missouri but may be served with the same effect as if you were served
within the State of Missouri, by certified mail or any other means permitted by law addressed to you at the address set forth herein.
Nothing contained herein shall affect our rights to bring a suit, action or proceeding in any other appropriate jurisdiction, including
any suit, action or proceeding brought by us to enforce any judgment against you entered by a State or Federal Court.
The provisions of this section shall continue in full force and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding expiration or
termination of this Agreement.
(b) Time of the Essence. Time is of the essence with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement.
(c) Injunctive Relief. Notwithstanding Section 17(a), we may obtain in any court of competent jurisdiction any injunctive
relief, including temporary restraining orders and preliminary injunctions, against conduct or threatened conduct for which no
adequate remedy at law may be available or which may cause us irreparable harm. We may have such injunctive relief, without
bond, but upon due notice, in addition to such further and other relief as may be available at equity or law, and your sole remedy in
the event of the entry of such injunction, shall be its dissolution, if warranted, upon hearing duly held (all claims for damages by
reason of the wrongful issuance of any such injunction being expressly waived). You and each of your Owners acknowledges that
any violation of Section 14(d), 14(e) or 16(b) would result in irreparable injury to us for which no adequate remedy at law may be
available. Accordingly, you and each of your Owners consent to the issuance of an injunction at our request prohibiting any conduct
in violation of any of those Sections and agree that the existence of any claim you or any of your Owners may have against us,
whether arising from this Agreement, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement of any of those Sections.
(d) Remedies for Nonperformance. Any refusal by you to consummate a transaction contemplated by this Agreement
shall be a default allowing Panera to seek and obtain specific performance or to seek and obtain monetary damages.
(e) Attorneys' Fees. In a judicial or arbitration proceeding, the non-prevailing party agrees to reimburse the prevailing
party for all of the prevailing party's costs and expenses, including reasonable accounting, paralegal, expert witness and attorneys'
fees.
(f) Notices. All notices, requests and reports permitted or required to be made by the provisions of this Agreement shall
be in writing and shall be deemed delivered: (i) at the time delivered by hand to the recipient party or any officer, director or partner
of the recipient party; (ii) on the same date of the transmission by facsimile, telegraph or other reasonably reliable electronic
communication system; (iii) one (1) business day after being placed in the hands of a commercial courier service for guaranteed
overnight delivery; or (iv) five (5) business days after placement in the United States Mail by Registered or Certified Mail, Return
Receipt Requested, postage prepaid. All notices to us must include a copy to our General Counsel and our Chief Financial Officer
to be effective. Such notices, requests and reports shall be sent to the addresses identified in this Agreement unless and until a
different address has been designated by appropriate written notice to the other party.
(g) Limitation of Panera’s Liability. You agree that in the event of any claim by you against Panera under this Agreement,
Panera’s liability for with respect to any proposed Bakery-Cafe shall not exceed an amount equal to the development fee paid,
whether in full or partial, by Franchisee to Panera under this Agreement for that the proposed Bakery-Cafe.
(h) You acknowledge and agree that you are granted no development rights under this Agreement. You further
acknowledge and agree that nothing contained in this Agreement shall obligate Panera to offer any proposed locations to you, and
that Panera may develop, open and operate (or permit others to develop, open and operate) new Bakery-Cafes without offering the
proposed location to you.
(i) You acknowledge and agree that your decision to purchase and operate any proposed Bakery-Cafe is based solely on
your own independent investigation of the suitability of the location for a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe. You acknowledge and agree
7
April 2025

