Panera 2025 FDD (213)

Information, which includes but is not limited to all Customer Data, the Policy Manual and all Intellectual Property
Rights therein.
14.2
Franchisee Data Obligations. Franchisee will have sole responsibility for the accuracy, quality, integrity,
legality, reliability, appropriateness, and intellectual property ownership or right to use of all Franchisee Data and
hereby grants to Panera all necessary rights and licenses to use all Franchisee Data in connection with providing
the Offerings, if and as applicable. Panera will not be responsible or liable for the deletion, correction, destruction,
damage, loss or failure to store any Franchisee Data. Franchisee will indemnify and hold harmless Panera from
and against any claims, damages or liabilities arising in connection with Panera’s use of Franchisee Data. As
between Panera and Franchisee, Franchisee hereby grants to Panera a limited, non-exclusive, royalty-free,
worldwide license to use the Franchisee Data and perform all acts with respect to the Franchisee Data to Panera,
subject to compliance by Panera with its confidentiality obligations. Notwithstanding the termination or
expiration of this Agreement, Panera shall retain a non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free license to
use, store, process, and disclose any Franchisee Data, in accordance with the terms set forth herein, for any lawful
purpose.
14.3
Data Retention. Panera has no obligation to retain Franchisee Data, whether for tax, regulatory
compliance or other purposes, and may delete Franchisee Data, after thirty (30) days following expiration or
termination, and Franchisee is responsible for ensuring it has made arrangements to be able to access Franchisee
Data for tax, regulatory compliance and other purposes as it deems appropriate.
15. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.
15.1
Rights to Panera Software or Third Party Products. Franchisee acknowledges that, in addition to all rights
granted under the Franchise Agreement, (i) as between Panera and Franchisee, Panera is the sole and exclusive
owner or licensee of all right, title and interest in and to the Panera Software or Third Party Products, all derivative
works thereof (including any and all patents, copyrights, trade secret rights, trademarks, trade names and other
proprietary rights embodied therein or associated therewith), and this Agreement in no way conveys any right or
interest in the Panera Software or Third Party Products other than a limited license to use the same in accordance
with its terms; (ii) the Panera Software and Third Party Products consists of works protected by the copyright laws
of the United States and international treaties, and (iii) Panera asserts that the Panera Software and Third Party
Products embodies valuable confidential, proprietary and secret information of Panera or its licensors, the
development of which required the expenditure of considerable time and money.
15.2
Rights to Offerings. Franchisee acknowledges that, in addition to all rights granted under the Franchise
Agreement,: (i) as between Panera and Franchisee, Panera is the sole and exclusive owner or licensee of all right,
title and interest in and to the Offerings (including any and all patents, copyrights, trade secret rights, trademarks,
trade names and other proprietary rights embodied therein or associated therewith); (ii) this Agreement in no
way conveys any right or interest in the Offerings other than a limited right to use them in accordance with this
Agreement, (iii) the Offerings are works protected by the intellectual property laws of the United States and
international treaties, and (iv) Panera asserts that the Offerings embody valuable confidential, proprietary and
secret information of Panera and its licensors and other vendors, as applicable, the development of which
required the expenditure of considerable time and money. Except for the limited rights and licenses expressly
granted under this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement grants, by implication, waiver, estoppel, or otherwise,
to Franchisee or any third party any Intellectual Property Rights or other right, title, or interest in or to the
Offerings or Documentation.
15.3
Rights to Work Product and/or Deliverables. Franchisee acknowledges that, in addition to all rights
granted under the Franchise Agreement, (i) as between Panera and Franchisee, Panera is the sole and exclusive
owner or licensee of all right, title and interest in and to any and all work product and deliverables created by
Panera in the course of providing the Offerings (including any and all patents, copyrights, trade secret rights,
trademarks, trade names and other proprietary rights embodied therein or associated therewith); (ii) this
11

