Panera 2025 FDD (184)

operate the proposed location, or if Panera determines, in its sole discretion, that development of the proposed Bakery-Cafe is not
feasible for any reason or no longer meets Panera's development standards. If Panera rescinds an offer pursuant to this section, all
installments of the development fee previously paid by Franchisee will be refunded.
8.
Panera may rescind any offer of a proposed location made under this Agreement if Franchisee is in default under this
Agreement or under any Franchise Agreement or other agreement with Panera. If Panera rescinds an offer pursuant to this section,
Panera will retain all installments of the development fee previously paid by Franchisee.
9.
Adjustments - At closing, the following adjustments shall be made between Panera and Franchisee: electricity, gas, fuel,
and water. Panera will also be entitled to a return of all utility deposits.
10.
Closing - Closing shall take place on a date specified by Panera within ninety (90) days prior to the scheduled date of
opening of the proposed Bakery-Cafe, at a mutually agreeable location. In no event shall the proposed Bakery-Cafe open for
business prior to the closing. Panera will give Franchisee thirty (30) days prior written notice of the date of closing. At closing, the
parties shall execute the documents required under this Agreement, and such other related documents as may be necessary and
customary to complete the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including all documents ancillary to the Franchise
Agreement and Lease and the transfer of all right title and interest to the furniture, fixture and equipment to you free and clear of
any liens or encumbrances created by us. As used herein, the word “closing” shall refer to the closing described in this section.
11.
Sales Taxes - Sales taxes, if any, imposed by a municipal or state taxing authority in connection with the sale of the proposed
Bakery-Cafe or any equipment or signs shall be paid by Franchisee, and may be included in Total Cost.
12.
Term - This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and continue for a period (the “Term”) through
the first anniversary thereof, subject to renewal for successive one year periods, and further subject to termination as provided in
this section or elsewhere in this Agreement. Panera or Franchisee may terminate this Agreement with respect to future offers at
any time upon written notice, with or without cause, given to the other.
Each offer made by Panera and accepted by Franchisee under this Agreement shall be deemed a separate transaction. The
obligations with respect to each transaction shall be separate and distinct and shall survive the termination of this Agreement by
Panera or Franchisee under this section. The termination or revocation of any offer or acceptance pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement with respect to any specific proposed location shall not alter the rights or obligations of the parties under this Agreement
with respect to any other proposed location, except as otherwise provided herein.
13.

Representations - You and each Owner represent, warrant, covenant and agree that:

(a) Organization. (i) You are duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the state of [__________]; (ii) you
have the authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform your obligations hereunder; (iii) true and complete copies
of the articles of incorporation, articles of organization, operating agreement, subscription agreements, buy-sell agreements, voting
trust agreements and all other documents relating to your ownership, organization, capitalization, management and control
(“Organizational Documents”) have been promptly delivered to us and have not been amended since delivery to us; (iv) any and all
amendments, deletions and additions to your Organizational Documents shall be promptly delivered to us for our approval, which
approval shall not be unreasonably withheld; (v) your activities are restricted to those necessary solely for the development,
ownership and operation of Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes in accordance with this Agreement and in accordance with any other
agreements entered into with us or any of our Affiliates; (vi) the articles of incorporation, articles of organization, operating
agreement or principles, or other Organizational Documents recite that the issuance, transfer or pledge of any direct or indirect
legal or beneficial ownership interest is restricted by the terms of this Agreement; (vii) all certificates representing direct or indirect
legal or beneficial ownership interests now or hereafter issued shall bear a legend in conformity with applicable law reciting or
referring to such restrictions; and (viii) you will deliver to us a Secretary/Clerk's Certificate or other evidence satisfactory to us that
the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, each Franchise Agreement, each Lease, and all other agreements and
ancillary documents contemplated hereby or thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action by your corporation,
partnership, limited liability company or other legal entity, as applicable.
(b) Ownership.
(i) The information set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto contains a complete and accurate description of you,
your Owners, Principal Owners and Operating Partner and the other information supplied thereon. You agree
that updated Exhibits A will be furnished promptly to us, so that Exhibit A (as so revised and signed by you) is
4
April 2025

