Panera 2025 FDD (124)

8.06.
Store Organization. Your Bakery-Cafe must be staffed by, at least, one trained general manager and
appropriate numbers of assistant managers, shift supervisors and bakers so that all shifts are staffed by at least one assistant
manager or shift supervisor, unless otherwise approved by us. You may not operate your Bakery-Cafe with a smaller
compliment without our written approval.
8.07.
Restrictions on Debt. In connection with the development and operation of your Bakery-Cafe,
including the payment of franchise fees and the costs and expenses to be incurred pursuant to this Agreement, you and
each Owner represent, warrant, covenant and agree that neither you nor any Owner borrowed any funds or otherwise
incurred any debt to obtain any funds for the payment of any of such fees, costs and expenses, except as specifically
permitted in this Section 8.07. You and each Owner shall not, without our prior written consent, which we may grant or
deny in our sole discretion, directly or indirectly borrow any money or incur any debt or liability (other than lease
obligations for your Bakery-Cafe's land, building and equipment and trade payables in the ordinary course of business) to
establish, operate and maintain your Bakery-Cafe in excess of seventy five percent (75%) of the actual aggregate
undepreciated costs of the leasehold improvements, furniture, fixtures, kitchen equipment and signs for your Bakery-Cafe
and with a repayment term of no more than ten (10) years. You acknowledge any security interest in or pledge of assets
or ownership interest in connection therewith constitutes a Transfer of the Franchise subject to the terms of this
Agreement, including obtaining our approval and the execution of such agreements and certificates as we may require.
For purposes of this Section 8.07, any equity or other interest that we deem to be substantially similar to debt or borrowed
funds (e.g., equity interests with preferences, dividends, etc.) shall be deemed debt or borrowed funds. You shall not
extend, renew, refinance, modify or amend any debt or liability permitted by this Section 8.07 without our prior written
consent, which consent we may grant or deny in our sole discretion.
9.

PANERA BREAD BAKERY-CAFE OPERATING STANDARDS.

9.01.
Condition of Your Bakery-Cafe. You must maintain your Bakery-Cafe's condition and appearance
so that it is attractive, clean and efficiently operated in accordance with the Policy Manual. You agree to maintain your
Bakery-Cafe's condition and appearance and to make such modifications and additions to its layout, decor, operations,
and general theme as we require from time to time, including replacement of worn-out or obsolete fixtures, equipment,
furniture, signs and utensils, repair of the interior and exterior and appurtenant parking areas and periodic cleaning and
redecorating. If at any time the general state of repair, appearance or cleanliness of your Bakery-Cafe, or its fixtures,
equipment, furniture, signs or utensils, does not meet our standards, we may notify you and specify the action you must
take to correct such deficiency. If, within ten (10) days after receiving such notice, you fail or refuse to initiate and
thereafter continue in good faith and with due diligence a bona fide program to complete such required maintenance, we
have the right (in addition to our rights under Section 14), but not the obligation, to enter the Premises and do such
maintenance on your behalf and at your expense. You must promptly reimburse us for such expenses.
You must periodically re-equip, upgrade and/or remodel your Bakery-Cafe pursuant to our plans and
specifications, including equipment and production enhancements, provided, however, that, with the exception of signage,
equipment and production enhancements, we will not require substantial remodeling more often than every five (5) years
during the Term.
If your Bakery-Cafe is damaged or destroyed by fire or other casualty, you must initiate within thirty (30) days
(and continue until completion) all repairs or reconstruction to restore your Bakery-Cafe to its original condition. If, in
our reasonable judgment, the damage or destruction is of such a nature that it is feasible, without incurring substantial
additional costs, to repair or reconstruct your Bakery-Cafe in accordance with the then-standard Panera Bread BakeryCafe layout and decor specifications, we may require you to repair or reconstruct your Bakery-Cafe in accordance with
those specifications.
You may not make any alterations to your Bakery-Cafe, nor any replacements, relocations or alterations of
fixtures, equipment, furniture or signs, without our approval. We have the right at your expense to rectify any
replacements, relocations or alterations not previously approved by us.
9.02.
Uniform Image. You agree that your Bakery-Cafe will offer for sale food, beverages and other
products, services and merchandise related to the Panera Bread concept that we determine from time to time to be
appropriate for your Bakery-Cafe. You further agree that your Bakery-Cafe will not, without our approval, offer any
products or services (including promotional items) not then authorized by us. Your Bakery-Cafe may not be used for any
purpose, other than the operation of a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe in compliance with this Agreement. You agree that your

12

April 2025

