Panera 2025 FDD (29)

for certain items, and assisting in quality management, assurance and control, pricing, product forecasting and selection, inventory and
distribution logistics and efficiency, and supply chain engineering and redistribution. Panera expects to recover the compensation related to
such services through an increase in the prices paid by both company-owned and Franchisee-owned Bakery-Cafes for products purchased
through our distribution partners.
In addition to the rebate and cost reimbursement practices described above, we may receive occasional rebates from suppliers based
on purchases of products by our company-owned and Franchisee-owned Bakery-Cafes, although neither we, nor our Affiliates, received any
such rebates in our last fiscal year. Generally, we distribute these rebates pro rata to company-owned and Franchisee-owned Bakery-Cafes,
contribute them to NAF, or otherwise use them for the benefit of the System.
Except as noted above, we do not negotiate purchase arrangements with suppliers, including price terms, for the benefit of
franchisees. There are no purchasing or distribution cooperatives. We do not provide material benefits to a franchisee based on a franchisee’s
purchase of particular products on services or use of particular suppliers.
Except as described above, neither we nor any of our Affiliates derives revenues or other material consideration as a result of your
purchases from other suppliers.
None of our officers own an interest in any privately-held suppliers, or a material interest in any publicly-held suppliers of our
franchise system. From time to time, our officers may own non-material interests in publicly-held companies that are suppliers to our
franchise system. Panera maintains written Standards of Business Conduct which governs our associates’ ownership of stock or other financial
interests in suppliers or potential suppliers.
Specifications, Standards and Procedures.
Each aspect of the interior and exterior appearance, layout, decor, services and operation of your Bakery-Cafe is subject to our
specifications and standards. You must comply with all mandatory specifications, standards and operating procedures (whether contained
in the Panera Policy Manual or any other written communication) relating to the appearance, function, cleanliness and operation of a Panera
Bread Bakery-Cafe. You must periodically re-equip, upgrade and/or remodel your Bakery-Cafe pursuant to our plans and specifications,
including equipment and production enhancements, provided, however, that, with the exception of signage, equipment and production
enhancements, we will not require substantial remodeling more often than every five (5) years during the Term.
In order to ensure fresh bread and bakery products, each Bakery-Cafe must generate an order for its bakery products (“pan up
order”) and transmit its pan up order electronically to our fresh dough facilities by the close of business (no later than 11:00 PM CST) for
delivery two (2) days later. In the event the pan up order is not electronically received by our fresh dough facilities by the close of business
(no later than 11:00 PM CST), or is incomplete, the Bakery-Cafe could be charged for the additional costs and expenses we incur in order to
deliver bread and bakery products to that Bakery-Cafe the next day. In addition, there could be a special handling charge of up to fifty dollars
($50) for each incomplete or non-electronically received pan up order.
Real Estate Requirements.
If you, one of your Owners, or one of your Affiliates at any time owns the premises for your Bakery-Cafe, you must immediately
notify us and we may require that you or such Owner or Affiliate (1) enter into an agreement with us in recordable form granting us the right
and option, in the event of a termination (for whatever reason) of the Franchise Agreement, to lease the premises at fair market rental rates
for a term coterminus (in absence of an early termination) with the term of the Franchise Agreement (with an option to extend for 10 years)
for such premises; or (2) enter into a prime lease with us at fair market rental rates for a term coterminus with the term of the Franchise
Agreement (with an option to extend for 10 years) for such premises and a sublease with us on the same terms as the prime lease. The prime
lease and sublease referenced in the preceding sentence shall be on the then-current lease and sublease forms used by us.
Website.
You may not promote, offer or sell any products or services relating to your Bakery-Cafe, or use any of the Marks, through the
Internet without our consent. In connection with any such consent, we may grant you the right to promote and market your Bakery-Cafes
over the Internet through one (1) website (“Authorized Website”) that meets all of our standards and requirements as we may establish and
modify from time to time. The website shall be identified by a domain name which shall be designated and owned by us (“Authorized
Domain Name”). As of the date of this Disclosure Document, such standards and requirements include (a) obtaining our prior written
approval of any Internet domain name and home page addresses; (b) assignment to us of any Internet domain name(s) you have registered

April 2025 Panera FDD

24

