Panera 2025 FDD (168)

the Franchisor or any of its affiliates, to the extent that it or any of its affiliates owns or operates any Bakery-Cafes located
within the Association Area.
Any Franchisee who ceases to be a party to any valid and effective franchise agreement with the Franchisor for
a Bakery-Cafe located in the Association Area, whether due to transfer, expiration or termination, will automatically cease
to be a Member of the Corporation. However, if a Franchisee operates under multiple franchise agreements and ceases to
be bound by one or more franchise agreements, whether due to transfer, expiration or termination, but continues to be
bound by other franchise agreements for Bakery-Cafes located in the Association Area, the Franchisee shall continue to
be a Member, but its voting rights shall be reduced to reflect the number of remaining Bakery-Cafes that the Franchisee
owns in the Association Area. Likewise, to the extent the Franchisor or an affiliate of Franchisor owns or operates one
or more Bakery-Cafes in the Association Area and has been a Member of the Corporation, and ceases to own or operate
any such Bakery-Cafes in the Association Area, then it will automatically cease to be a Member of the Corporation.
However, if the Franchisor or an affiliate of Franchisor owns or operates one or more Bakery-Cafes in the Association
Area and has been a Member of the Corporation, and closes or otherwise ceases to own or operate one or more BakeryCafes in the Association Area but continues to own or operate other Bakery-Cafes in the Association Area, then its voting
rights shall be reduced to reflect the number of remaining Bakery-Cafes that the Franchisor owns or operates in the
Association Area. In any event, a Member will continue to remain liable to the Corporation for past due unpaid
contributions or other amounts payable to the Corporation at the time membership ceases.

[NAME OF AREA]
Bakery-Cafe Advertising
In accordance with the terms of the
Association Authorization Agreement, a representative of Franchisor shall be entitled to notice of all regular and special
meetings of the Members of the Corporation and shall have the right to attend all meetings, either in person or in any
other manner of attendance authorized in these Bylaws. However, unless the Franchisor is a Member of the Corporation
by virtue of its ownership or operation of a Bakery-Cafe in the Association Area, the Franchisor representative shall have
no right to vote at a meeting of the Members in accordance with Section 3.12 of these Bylaws.
Section 3.2.

Enrollment

Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, no person will be enrolled as a Member of the Corporation nor will it
have any rights as a Member unless and until it has signed a Membership Agreement with the Corporation.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Franchisee which operates in the Association Area shall be required to make
contributions as required by their Franchise Agreements, regardless of whether they have signed Membership Agreements.
Section 3.3.

Entity Membership

For all membership purposes, any business entity (corporation, partnership, limited liability company, etc.), or to
the extent that a Franchisee or its owners have created multiple business entities to operate its Bakery-Cafes in the
Association Area, such entities together with its owners, shall be deemed a single Member hereunder.
Section 3.4.

Members in Good Standing

A Member will be in good standing as long as: (a) the Member is not delinquent in the payment of any
contribution or other monetary obligation to the Corporation or the Franchisor; and (b) the Member shall not have
received a notice of default from Franchisor with respect to one or more Bakery-Cafes located within or without the
Association Area which default remains uncured to the satisfaction of Franchisor. Loss of good standing will not relieve
the Member of the obligation to make contributions, when due.
Section 3.5.

Annual and Quarterly Meetings of the Members

The annual meeting of the Members shall be held for the election of directors, consideration and approval of the
succeeding year’s advertising budget and the transaction of such other business as may properly come before the meeting.
The annual meeting will be held at such time as the Board of Directors may determine. Quarterly meetings of the Members
may be held for consideration and approval of advertising and promotional programs and the transaction of such other
business as may properly come before the meeting including the approval of Member contributions under Section 6.1
hereof. Quarterly meetings will be held at such times and in such quarters as the Board of Directors may determine.

2

