Panera 2025 FDD (206)

Agreement; (ii) the terms and conditions of the Authorized Third Party providing the Offering listed on the Order
or the Panera Online Catalog; and (iii) any additional related Documentation applicable to the Order. Additional
or different terms in any written communication from Franchisee (such as a purchase order) are void. No provision
of any purchase order or other business form employed by Franchisee will supersede the terms and conditions of
this Agreement or the Order, and any such document relating to this Agreement shall be for administrative
purposes only and shall have no legal effect.
1.5
Ordering Requirements. Depending on your Offering selection and franchise model, Franchisee must
order certain required Offerings and may, at its discretion, order certain recommended Offerings. Each Offering
is specifically delineated as required to be purchased in conjunction with other Offerings or as recommended
within Panera’s Online Catalog. For the avoidance of doubt, any Offering designated as a required selection based
on another selected Offering must be ordered and cannot be terminated for any reason unless otherwise
specified. In the event Franchisee is designated as a bring your own hardware model (“BYOH”), Franchisor reserves
the right to alter Franchisee’s obligations to purchase any required Offerings.
1.6
General Admonitions and Restrictions. Franchisee acknowledges that all Offerings will be provided for all
of Franchisee’s Bakery-Cafes unless otherwise described in the applicable Order or SOW. Without limitation to
any other provision of this Agreement, Franchisee acknowledges that all Offerings shall be provided only for and
with respect to the Bakery-Cafes, and not for any other provider, restaurant, or establishment of any kind.
1.7
Order of Precedence. In the event of ambiguity, conflict or inconsistency among the documents
comprising this Agreement, the documents shall be given an order of precedence as follows: (i) the Franchise
Documents and any attachments and exhibits thereto; (ii) this Agreement including any attachments and exhibits
thereto; (iii) a SOW; and (iv) the Order.
1.8
Previous Agreement. The Parties agree that this Agreement shall replace any previous agreement
between the Parties related to the Offerings. All terms in any previous agreement between the Parties related to
the Offerings are hereby superseded in their entirety and shall have no further force or effect.
2. FEES, EXPENSES AND PAYMENT.
2.1
Fees. Franchisee will pay Panera the applicable then-current standard fees (the “Fees”) due under this
Agreement in accordance with the schedule as set forth in the Order. Franchisee acknowledges that the Fees set
forth in the Order are provided as a general estimate and may be updated in Panera’s sole discretion, from time
to time. Fees and expenses may be invoiced by Panera to Franchisee and payable by Franchisee as set forth in the
applicable Franchise Documents.
2.2
Support Services. Panera will provide any Support Services, including, but not limited to development,
testing, implementation, training, and any other such professional or consulting services as set forth in a
Statement of Work (“SOW”).
2.3
Panera Software; Third Party Products. Franchisee is responsible for paying for all Panera Software or
Third-Party Product ordered for the entire Subscription Period, whether or not such Panera Software or Third
Party Products subscriptions are used. Unless otherwise set forth in the Order, Fees applicable to additional
Bakery-Cafes utilizing the Panera Software or Third Party Product will be calculated each calendar month based
upon the per-Bakery-Cafe Fees and the remaining time in the applicable Subscription Period, with a full calendar
month’s portion of the Fee being applicable to the first calendar month with respect to Bakery-Cafes opening on
or after the 15th of the calendar month and no portion of the full months portion of the fee being applicable to
the first calendar month with respect to Bakery-Cafes opening before the 15th of the calendar month.
2.4
Billing. An invoice for any/all Fees will be provided to Franchisee as described in the Order. The renewal
charge will be equal to the then-current number of total Panera Software or Third Party Product subscriptions or

4

