Panera 2025 FDD (169)

The notice of annual or quarterly meetings of Members, except as otherwise required by law, need not state the
matters to be considered at such meetings.
Section 3.6.

Special Meetings

Special meetings of the Members, for any purpose or purposes, unless otherwise prescribed by applicable law,
may be called on the written request of (i) a majority of the Board of Directors, (ii) Members constituting 25% of the
voting rights of the Members in good standing, or (iii) Franchisor. Requests for a special meeting must state the purpose
or purposes of the proposed meeting. The notice of any special meeting of the Members must state the purpose or
purposes for which the meeting is called.
Section 3.7.

Place of Meeting

All meetings of the Members will be at such places as will be determined from time to time by the Board of
Directors of the Corporation.
Section 3.8.

Notice of Meetings

Written notice of each meeting of the Members stating the place, day and hour thereof, must be delivered to
each Member of record entitled to vote at such meeting, personally or by telephone, telegram, cablegram, e-mail, first class
mail, confirmed facsimile transmission or any other means of personal delivery providing evidence of actual delivery; and
if mailed, the notice shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail addressed to the Members at
the Members’ addresses, as they appear in the records of the Corporation, with postage thereon prepaid. Notice must be
given by or under the direction of the Secretary, or the officer or persons calling the meeting not more than sixty (60) nor
less than ten (10) days before the date of the meeting; provided that oral notice to the Member may be given in lieu of
written notice so long as the party giving the notice to the Member files with the Corporation a written statement of the
date, time, place and manner of the oral notice. No notice need be given of the time and place of reconvening of any
adjourned meeting, if the time and place to which the meeting is adjourned are announced at the adjourned meeting.
Section 3.9.

Waiver of Notice

A written waiver of notice signed by any Member, whether before or after any meeting, shall be equivalent to the
giving of timely notice to said Member. Attendance of a Member at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such
meeting and waiver of any and all objections to the place of the meeting, the time of the meeting, or the manner in which
it has been called or convened, except when a Member attends a meeting for the express purpose, as stated at the beginning
of the meeting, of objecting to the transaction of business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither
the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any meeting of the Member need be specified in any written waiver
of notice.
Section 3.10.

Closure of Books and Fixing of Record Date

For the purpose of determining Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at, any meeting of the Members or any
adjournment thereof, the Board of Directors may provide that the books will be closed for a period of not less than three
(3) and not more than thirty (30) days immediately preceding such meeting. If the books are not closed and no record
date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the date on which notice of the meeting is mailed will be the record date for the
determination of Members entitled to notice and to vote.
Section 3.11.

Quorum

Except as otherwise required by the Act, the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the presence of Members
holding a majority of the votes will constitute a quorum at all meetings of the Members. In case a quorum is not present
at any meeting, a majority of the Members present will have the power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, without
notice other than announcement at the meeting of the time and place to which the meeting is adjourned, until a quorum
is present. At any such adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present, any business may be transacted which might
have been transacted at the meeting as originally noticed; but only those Members entitled to vote at the meeting as
originally noticed will be entitled to vote at any adjournment or adjournments thereof.

3

