Panera 2025 FDD (136)

(k)
fail to make a timely payment of any amount due to any third party (such as a supplier, vendor,
landlord, lessor, etc.) unaffiliated with us (other than payments which are subject to bona fide dispute), and do not correct
such failure within thirty (30) days after we deliver to you notice of such failure to comply;
(l)
fail to comply with any other provision of this Agreement or any other mandatory
specification, standard or operating procedure or other obligation that we prescribe from time to time in the Policy Manual
and do not correct such failure within thirty (30) days after notice of such failure to comply is delivered to you; or
(m)
fail on three (3) or more separate occasions within any period of twelve (12) consecutive
months to submit when due reports or other data, information or supporting records or to pay when due Royalty Fees,
advertising fund contributions or other payments due us, any of our Affiliates or any unaffiliated third parties or otherwise
fail to comply with this Agreement or any mandatory specification, standard or operating procedure or other obligation
that we prescribe from time to time in the Policy Manual, whether or not such failure is corrected after notice is delivered
to you.
We have no obligation whatsoever to refund any portion of the franchise fee upon any termination.
15.

RENEWAL RIGHTS.

15.01. Your Right To Acquire a Successor Franchise. If this Agreement is for an initial franchise (and not
a successor franchise) you have the right, subject to the conditions contained in Section 15, to acquire a successor franchise
for your Bakery-Cafe on the terms and conditions of our then-current form of franchise agreement for Panera Bread
Bakery-Cafes, if upon expiration of the Term: (a) you and your Owners and Affiliates are in compliance with this
Agreement and any other agreements with us or any of our Affiliates, and you and your Owners have been in substantial
compliance with this Agreement throughout the Term; and (b) the Premises meet our then-current site criteria and you
maintain the right to possession of the Premises for the term of the successor franchise agreement and enter into an
agreement with us whereby you agree within a specified time period (not to exceed one year), starting on the signing of a
successor franchise agreement, to remodel your Bakery-Cafe, add or replace improvements, fixtures, furnishings,
equipment and signs and otherwise modify your Bakery-Cafe to meet the specifications and standards then applicable for
new Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes. You will be obligated to pay a successor franchise fee of fifty percent (50%) of our thencurrent standard initial franchise fee for a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe.
15.02. Notices. You must give us written notice of your desire to acquire a successor franchise not less than
six (6) months nor more than twelve (12) months prior to the expiration of this Agreement. We will give you notice, not
later than sixty (60) days after receipt of your notice, of our decision whether or not you have the right to acquire a
successor franchise pursuant to Section 15.01. Notwithstanding any notice of our decision that you have the right to
acquire a successor franchise for your Bakery-Cafe, your right will be subject to your continued compliance with all the
provisions of this Agreement up to the date of its expiration.
15.03. Agreements. If you have the right to acquire a successor franchise in accordance with Section 15.01
and state your desire to exercise that right in accordance with Section 15.02, we and you (and your Owners) will execute
the form of franchise agreement (which may contain provisions, including royalty fees, materially different from those
contained herein) and all ancillary agreements (including, personal guarantees by your Principal Owners and a remodel
agreement on such terms as we determine to be appropriate) which we then customarily use in granting franchises for the
operation of Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes, and you and your Owners must execute general releases, in form and substance
satisfactory to us, of any and all claims against us, and our Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and
assigns. Failure by you (and your Owners) to sign such agreements and releases within thirty (30) days after delivery to
you shall be deemed an election by you not to acquire a successor franchise for your Bakery-Cafe.
16.

EFFECT OF TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION.

16.01. Payment of Amounts Owed to Us. Within thirty (30) days after the effective date of termination or
expiration (without renewal) of this Agreement, you must pay us and our Affiliates all Royalty Fees, advertising fund
contributions, amounts owed for purchases from us or our Affiliates, interest due on any of the foregoing and all other
amounts owed to us or our Affiliates which are then unpaid.
16.02. Discontinue Use of Marks and Confidential Information. Upon the termination or expiration
(without renewal) of this Agreement, you will:
24

April 2025

