Panera 2025 FDD (47)

Franchise Agreement.
If it becomes advisable at any time for us and/or you to modify or discontinue use of any Mark and/or use additional or substitute
trademark, service mark or trade dress, you must comply with our directions within a reasonable time after notice. You must bear all costs
and expenses applicable to your Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe should we decide to modify the Marks or use additional or substitute Marks. We
will have no liability or obligation whatsoever with respect to any such required modification or discontinuance of any Mark or the promotion
of an additional or substitute Intellectual Property.
You must immediately notify us of any apparent infringement of or challenge to your use of any Mark, or claim by any person of
any rights to any Mark, and you must not communicate with any person other than your legal counsel, us, Pumpernickel and our respective
legal counsel in connection with any infringement, challenge or claim. Pumpernickel will have sole discretion to take any action it deems
appropriate and will have the right to control exclusively any litigation or USPTO or other administrative proceeding arising out of any
infringement, challenge or claim or otherwise relating to any Mark. You must sign any and all instruments and documents, provide assistance
and do all acts and things as, in the opinion of our or Pumpernickel’s legal counsel, may be necessary or advisable to protect Pumpernickel’s
interests in any litigation or USPTO or other administrative proceeding or otherwise to protect its interests in the Marks.
We will indemnify you against, and reimburse you for, all damages for which you are held liable in any proceeding arising
out of your authorized use of any Mark under the Franchise Agreement and, except as provided in the Franchise Agreement, for all costs
you actually and reasonably incur in defending any claim brought against you, your Owners or Affiliates or any proceeding in which you are
named as a party, if you have timely notified us of the claim or proceeding and you, your Owners and Affiliates are in compliance with the
Franchise Agreement and all other agreements entered into with us and our Affiliates. At Pumpernickel’s sole discretion, it will be entitled
to prosecute, defend or settle any proceeding arising out of your use of any Mark, and, if Pumpernickel decides to prosecute, defend or settle
any matter, it will have no obligation to indemnify or reimburse you for any fees or disbursements of counsel you retain. In addition to all
other rights we may have for unauthorized use of the Marks or the sale of unauthorized products or services, you must reimburse us for any
damages, liability or expenses incurred by us arising out of your sale of any unauthorized product or service or for any damages, liability or
expenses incurred by us arising out of your use of the Marks in an unauthorized manner.
Area Development Agreement.
The Area Development Agreement does not grant you the right to use any of the Marks. Your right to use the Marks is derived
solely from the Franchise Agreements you enter into with us. You may not use any Mark (or any abbreviation, modification or colorable
imitation) as part of a corporate, legal or other business name (other than in connection with any legally required fictitious or assumed name
filings), or with any prefix, suffix or other modifying words, terms, designs or symbols, or with the name or other designation of the
metropolitan area or city in which the Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe is located, or in any other manner (including any Internet related use such
as an electronic media identifier, for websites, web pages or domain names) not explicitly authorized in writing by us. You may not at any
time during or after the term of the Area Development Agreement contest, or assist any other person or entity in contesting, the validity or
ownership of any of the Marks.
[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY]

April 2025 Panera FDD

42

