Panera 2025 FDD (132)

of financial information as we may require; (d) within thirty (30) days after the end of each of our fiscal quarters and fiscal
years, a quarterly LAF statement listing each qualifying LAF expenditure and the total LAF expenditures for the quarter
or year, as applicable; and (e) within thirty (30) days of our request, such other information as we may require from time
to time, including sales mix data, food and labor cost reports, sales and income tax statements and any required Business
Plan (as defined in Section 11.03). You must execute a verification that the information in each such report and financial
statement is complete and accurate. We reserve the right to require that your financial statements be audited, at your
expense, by an independent certified public accountant approved by us. We reserve the right to publish or disclose
information that we obtain under this Section 11.02 in any data compilations, collections, or aggregations that we deem
appropriate, in our sole discretion.
11.03. Business Plans. You shall create, prepare and continually update a business plan containing such
information as we may require and presented in a format which we have approved (“Business Plan”). Your Business Plan
must include, with respect to the Bakery-Cafe that you own and operate under this Agreement as well as all Bakery-Cafes
owned or operated by you or any of your Affiliates, your short term and long term goals in at least the following areas:
your mission statement, sales building, customer satisfaction, operations, quality of service, staffing, training certification,
human resources, marketing, development and initiatives.
12.

INSPECTIONS OF YOUR BAKERY-CAFE; AUDITS.

12.01. Inspections. We and our designated agents have the right at any reasonable time and without prior
notice to: (a) inspect your Bakery-Cafe; (b) observe, photograph, and/or audio/video record the operations of your
Bakery-Cafe; (c) remove samples of any food and beverage products, materials or supplies for testing and analysis; and (d)
interview personnel and customers of your Bakery-Cafe. You agree to cooperate fully with such activities. If we determine
that your Bakery-Cafe fails to meet our minimum standards (as we may determine from time to time), we may charge you
our standard re-inspection fee for any follow-up inspection relating for such failure. The current amount of the reinspection fee is Three Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($3,500.00). You shall furnish to us immediately upon receipt by
you all inspection reports, citations or warnings received from municipal or other authorities.
12.02. Audits. We have the right at any time during business hours, and on ten (10) days' prior notice to you,
to inspect, copy and audit the books, records, tax returns and documents (whether maintained in hard copy or in electronic
or other form) relating to the development, ownership, lease, occupancy or operation of your Bakery-Cafe. You must
cooperate fully with our representatives and independent accountants conducting such audits (including providing access
to any security protected files and records). If any inspection or audit discloses an understatement of Net Sales, you must
pay us, within seven (7) days after receipt of the audit report, the Royalty Fees and any advertising contributions due on
the amount of such understatement, plus interest (as provided in Section 6.05) from the date originally due until the date
of payment. Further, if such inspection or audit is made necessary by your failure to furnish reports, records or information
on a timely basis, or if we determine an understatement of Net Sales for the period of any audit to be greater than two
percent (2%), you must reimburse us for the cost of such audit or inspection, including the charges of any attorneys and
independent accountants and the travel expenses, room and board and compensation of our employees.
13.

FRANCHISEE'S RIGHT TO TRANSFER.

13.01. Franchisor's Approval. The rights and duties created by this Agreement are personal to you or, if you
are a business corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other legal entity, your Owners. Accordingly, neither
you nor any of your Owners may transfer the Franchise without our approval and without complying with all of the
provisions of Section 13. Any transfer without such approval or compliance constitutes a breach of this Agreement and
is void and of no force or effect.
13.02. Conditions for Approval. If we have not exercised our right of first refusal under Section 13.06, we
will not unreasonably withhold our approval of a Transfer of the Franchise that meets all of the reasonable restrictions,
requirements and conditions we impose on the transfer, the transferor(s) and/or the transferee(s), including the following:
(a)
you have completed development of your Bakery-Cafe and are operating your Bakery-Cafe in
accordance with this Agreement;
(b)
you and your Owners and Affiliates must be in compliance with the provisions of this
Agreement and all other agreements with us or any of our Affiliates;

20

April 2025

