Panera 2025 FDD (35)

ITEM 11

FRANCHISOR'S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS, AND TRAINING

Except as listed below, we need not provide any assistance to you.
Pre-Opening Obligations.
We will provide the following pre-opening assistance:
1.

We will provide area developers general guidance in selecting sites. (Area Development Agreement, Section 3.01).

2.

We will provide you with an operational concept plan and specifications for your Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe. We will also provide
guidance to you in developing your Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe. (Franchise Agreement, Section 3.03).

3.

We will provide training to you and/or your Operating Partner and all of your personnel. However, as described in Item 6, you will
be responsible for all compensation and expenses (including training materials, travel, meals and lodging) incurred in connection with
any training programs. This training is described in detail later in this Item. (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.01).

4.

We will provide to you the Policy Manual information, either by providing you with confidential hard copy or electronic materials or
providing you temporary access to proprietary online resources (including The Pantry, CORC, Learning Center, or similar resources
established by Panera), with respect to training, management, quality assurance, health, safety, recruitment, security, site selection,
site approval processes, standards, customer services, approved suppliers, operating system documentation, cafe training materials,
management training materials and onboarding resources (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.03). The table of contents of each of
these manuals is attached to this Disclosure Document as Exhibit F. The Policy Manual is revised periodically.

5.

If you have not previously owned or managed a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe, we will provide you with opening operational assistance
for your first Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe (Franchise Agreement, Section 3.05).

6.

We periodically hold an “Owner’s Orientation” and a “Marketing Orientation”. The “Owner’s Orientation” is to acquaint your
Operating Partner with Panera’s System. Your Operating Partner is required to attend an “Owner’s Orientation” as soon as possible
after entering into an Area Development Agreement. Your marketing director, Operating Partner, or other designated member of
your organization must also attend at least one “Marketing Orientation”. They should attend the next “Marketing Orientation” after
you enter into an Area Development Agreement (Area Development Agreement, Section 4.04) or the next meeting after joining your
organization.

7.

In the event that we offer an existing Franchisee or Area Developer the opportunity to own and operate a Bakery-Cafe location
approved by us for development, such Franchisee or Area Developer may enter into a Development Services Agreement, pursuant
to which we may provide certain development, construction and related services not otherwise provided under the terms of any
Franchise Agreement or Area Development Agreement (Development Services Agreement; Section 1; Section 5).

8.

In the event that we offer to provide development related consulting services to an existing Franchisee or Area Developer with
respect to a Bakery-Cafe location approved by us for development, such Franchisee or Area Developer may enter into a Real Estate
Selection and Construction Management Services Agreement, pursuant to which we may provide certain site selection, construction
and related services not otherwise provided under the terms of any Franchise Agreement or Area Development Agreement (Real
Estate Selection and Construction Management Services Agreement, Section 1; Section 3; Section 5).

Continuing Obligations.
We will provide the following assistance during the operation of your Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe:
1.

We will provide periodic guidance to you with regard to the System, including improvements and changes. (Franchise Agreement,
Section 4.02);

2.

We will periodically modify the Panera Policy Manual to reflect changes in standards, specifications and operating procedures.
(Franchise Agreement, Section 4.03);

3.

We will periodically issue specifications, standards, methods and operating procedures for Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes. (Franchise
Agreement, Section 9);

4.

We will sell (or cause our Affiliates, Approved Distributors or Approved Suppliers, as applicable, to sell) to you Food Products.
(Franchise Agreement, Sections 9.03, Section 9.04 and Section 9.05);

April 2025 Panera FDD

30

