Panera 2025 FDD (49)

v.
vi.
vii.
viii.
viii.
ix.

identity of suppliers and knowledge of specifications, processes, procedures and equipment, and pricing for authorized
food products, materials, supplies and equipment;
knowledge of operating results and financial performance of Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes, other than Panera Bread BakeryCafes you own;
methods of inventory control, storage, product handling, training and management relating to Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes;
all recipes, processes, ideas, concepts, advertising and promotional materials, website pages and content, methods,
techniques or materials used or useful to a restaurant, grocery store, bakery-cafe, bakery or dough production business, or
other business offering bakery products;
computer systems and software programs used or useful in Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes; and
any and all other information that we provide you that is labeled proprietary or confidential or which by its nature is
generally considered proprietary or confidential regardless of whether such information is specifically labeled as proprietary
or confidential.

Without limitation, all recipes, processes, ideas, concepts, advertising and promotional materials, website pages and content,
methods or techniques useful to Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes, whether or not constituting protectable intellectual property (collectively, the
“Materials”), and whether created by you or on your behalf, must be promptly disclosed to us. If adopted as part of the System, or deemed
to be sufficiently related to our business to be considered proprietary, the Materials will be considered our property and deemed to be Worksmade-for-Hire for us, and to the extent the Materials may for any reason not be considered a Work-made-for-Hire, you irrevocably convey,
grant, transfer and assign to us all right, title and interest which you may have now or in the future in and to the Materials. You must sign
whatever documents we request to evidence our ownership or to assist us in securing intellectual property rights in the Materials, and you
warrant that you will obtain all rights from any third party acting on your behalf.
You may not use our Confidential Information in an unauthorized manner and may not disclose our Confidential Information to
others. Your restrictions on disclosure and use of Confidential Information do not apply to information or techniques which are or become
generally known in the restaurant industry (other than through your own disclosure), provided you obtain our prior written consent to such
disclosure or use.
As of the date of this Disclosure Document there are no effective material final determinations of the USPTO, Copyright Office
(Library of Congress) or any court regarding the patent application or any of the copyrighted materials, and there are no pending infringement,
opposition or cancellation proceedings, or any pending material litigation, involving any of the patents, patent applications or copyrighted
materials. Nor are there any infringing uses or superior prior rights actually known to us that could materially affect your use of any of the
patents, patent applications or the copyrighted materials in any state.
Except for the Royalty and Licensing Agreement described in this paragraph, as of the date of this Disclosure Document, there are
no agreements in effect that significantly limit the rights of Panera to use or license the use of the patents, patent applications and copyrights
in any manner material to the franchise. Pumpernickel owns the patents, patent applications and copyrighted materials, and all renewal rights
in connection therewith, and has granted us the exclusive right to use the patents, patent applications and copyrighted materials in connection
with the business of owning and operating Bakery-Cafes and supporting franchise operations (including the right to sublicense the patents,
patent applications and the copyrighted materials to our franchisees) pursuant to a license agreement effective as of January 7, 2002, as
amended, (the “Royalty and Licensing Agreement”). In consideration for the right to use and sublicense the patents, the copyrighted
materials, and other intellectual property, we pay to Pumpernickel a royalty fee. The Royalty and Licensing Agreement is for an initial term
of twenty two (22) years (the “Initial Term”) and renews automatically, in perpetuity, for additional one (1) -year terms (each, a “Renewal
Period”) unless either party terminates the Royalty and Licensing Agreement by providing notice to the other party at least ninety (90) days
prior to the end of the Initial Term or any of the Renewal Periods. Any sublicense granted by us in accordance with the terms of the Royalty
and Licensing Agreement may extend beyond its termination. The Royalty and Licensing Agreement may be terminated immediately in the
event of certain defaults or upon failure to cure certain other defaults within fifteen (15) days after notice.
Customer Data.
All information, mailing lists and data bases of Customer Data (as defined in the Franchise Agreement) from whatever source
derived, shall, at our request, and in any event when provided by you to us, be our property. You agree not to use such information, except
in connection with your Bakery-Cafe in accordance with the Franchise Agreement. You agree not to use, process, copy, display, publish,
store or transfer the Customer Data without our approval. You agree to comply with all applicable laws with respect to Customer Data; in
addition, you agree to comply with all data privacy and security requirements we may establish from time to time and to exert commercially
reasonable efforts to prevent the unauthorized use, dissemination, or publication of Customer Data, subject in all instances to applicable
laws. You shall promptly notify us if you become aware of or suspect any unauthorized access to the Customer Data, or if you become the
subject of any governmental, regulatory, or other enforcement or private proceeding relating to your data handling practices of Customer
Data. You agree to indemnify us for all third-party claims related to your use of Customer Data.

April 2025 Panera FDD

44

