Panera 2025 FDD (142)

16.11. Continuing Obligations. All obligations under this Agreement which expressly or by their nature
survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect until they are satisfied in full
or by their nature expire.
17.

RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES.

17.01. Independent Contractors. Neither this Agreement nor the dealings of the parties pursuant to this
Agreement shall create any fiduciary relationship or any other relationship of trust or confidence between the parties
hereto. Franchisor and Franchisee, as between themselves, are and shall be independent contractors.
You understand and agree that we may operate and change the System and our business in any manner that is
not expressly and specifically prohibited by this Agreement. Whenever we have expressly reserved in this Agreement or
are deemed to have a right and/or discretion to take or withhold an action, or to grant or decline to grant you a right to
take or withhold an action, except as otherwise expressly and specifically provided in this Agreement, we may make our
decision or exercise our right and/or discretion on the basis of our judgment of what is in our best interests, including our
judgment of what is in the best interests of our franchise network, at the time our decision is made or our right or discretion
is exercised, without regard to whether: (1) other reasonable alternative decisions or actions could have been made by us;
(2) our decision or the action we take promotes our financial or other individual interest; (3) our decision or the action we
take applies differently to you and one or more other franchisees or our company-owned operations; or (4) our decision
or the exercise of our right or discretion is adverse to your interests. In the absence of an applicable statute, we will have
no liability to you for any such decision or action. We and you intend that the exercise of our right or discretion will not
be subject to limitation or review. If applicable law implies a covenant of good faith and fair dealing in this Agreement,
we and you agree that such covenant shall not imply any rights or obligations that are inconsistent with a fair construction
of the terms of this Agreement and that this Agreement grants us the right to make decisions, take actions and/or refrain
from taking actions not inconsistent with your rights and obligations hereunder.
Nothing contained in this Agreement, or arising from the conduct of the parties hereunder, is intended to make
either party a general or special agent, joint venturer, partner or employee of the other for any purpose whatsoever. You
must conspicuously identify yourself in all dealings with customers, lessors, contractors, suppliers, public officials,
employees and others as the owner of your Bakery-Cafe and must place such other notices of independent ownership on
such forms, business cards, stationery, advertising and other materials as we may require from time to time.
You may not make any express or implied agreements, warranties, guarantees or representations or incur any
debt in our name or on our behalf or represent that the relationship of the parties hereto is anything other than that of
independent contractors. We will not be obligated by or have any liability under any agreements made by you with any
third party or for any representations made by you to any third party. We will not be obligated for any damages to any
person or property arising directly or indirectly out of the operation of your business hereunder.
17.02. Indemnification. You agree to indemnify us, our Affiliates and our respective directors, officers,
employees, shareholders, members, managers, agents, successors and assigns (collectively “indemnitees”), and to hold the
indemnitees harmless to the fullest extent permitted by law, from any and all losses and expenses (as defined below)
incurred in connection with any litigation or other form of adjudicatory procedure, claim, demand, investigation, or formal
or informal inquiry (regardless of whether it is reduced to judgment) or any settlement thereof which arises directly or
indirectly from, or as a result of, a claim of a third party against any one or more of the indemnitees in connection with (i)
your failure to perform or breach of any covenant, agreement, term or provision of this Agreement, (ii) your breach of
any representation or warranty contained in this Agreement, (iii) the marketing, promotion, advertisement or sale of any
of the products and services offered by your Bakery-Cafe pursuant to this Agreement, including data privacy and security,
unfair or fraudulent advertising claims (whether in print advertising or electronic media), and product liability claims, (iv)
your development, ownership operation and/or closing of your Bakery-Cafe, and (v) any allegedly unauthorized service
or act rendered or performed in connection with this Agreement, (collectively “event”) and regardless of whether it
resulted from any strict or vicarious liability imposed by law on the indemnitees. The foregoing indemnity shall apply even
if it is determined that the indemnitees’ negligence caused such loss, liability or expense, in whole or in part, provided,
however, that this indemnity will not apply to any liability arising from a breach of this Agreement by the indemnitees or
the gross negligence or willful acts of indemnitees (except to the extent that joint liability is involved, in which event the
indemnification provided herein will extend to any finding of comparative or contributory negligence attributable to you).
The term “losses and expenses” includes compensatory, exemplary, and punitive damages; fines and penalties; attorneys’
fees; experts’ fees; court costs; costs associated with investigating and defending against claims; settlement amounts;

30

April 2025

