Panera 2025 FDD (119)

sole discretion, the site during the construction phase. Such visits shall be at our expense, except for visits made upon
your request, which shall be at your expense.
The requirement to complete construction of your Bakery-Cafe includes obtaining all required construction and
occupancy licenses and permits, developing the Premises (including all outdoor features and landscaping of the Premises),
installing all required fixtures, furnishings, equipment and signs, and doing all other things as may be required pursuant to
this Agreement or by practical necessity to have your Bakery-Cafe ready to open for business. Your Bakery-Cafe may not
be opened for business until we have notified you that your Bakery-Cafe meets our requirements for opening, including
written confirmation that construction has been completed in accordance with the approved plans and specifications. You
acknowledge and agree that we have the right to withhold and/or defer our notice authorizing you to open your BakeryCafe for business to the public if we determine, at our discretion, that any Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe owned by you, and/or
any of your Owners or Affiliates fails to meet our benchmark operational standards we establish from time to time for
those Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes. You agree not to open your Bakery-Cafe to the public without such notice and you
acknowledge and agree that we will not be liable for exercising our rights under the foregoing sentence, including any
claims that the exercise of such rights have caused your Bakery-Cafe not to open or have delayed its opening.
Following the opening of your Bakery-Cafe, you have sixty (60) days to provide us with a final set of “as built”
plans and specifications and a complete and full detailed statement of construction costs in a format prescribed by us.
You must execute a verification that the information in the construction cost statement is complete and accurate.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 3.03, you shall not be deemed to be in breach
of this Section 3.03 if your failure to start construction, finish construction or open your Bakery-Cafe as above provided
results solely from windstorms, rains, floods, earthquakes, typhoons, mudslides, fires or other natural disasters. Any delay
resulting from any of such causes shall extend performance accordingly, in whole or in part, as may be reasonable, except
that no such cause, alone or in combination with other causes, shall extend performance more than ninety (90) days
without our prior written consent, which consent may be withheld in our sole discretion.
3.04.
Equipment, Furniture, Fixtures and Signs. You agree to purchase or lease all required equipment,
furnishings, fixtures and signs for your Bakery-Cafe. You agree to purchase or lease only such types, brands and models
of fixtures, furniture, equipment, signs and supplies which we approve for Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes as meeting our
standards and specifications, including standards and specifications for quality, design, warranties, appearance, function
and performance. You may purchase or lease approved types, brands or models of fixtures, furniture, equipment, signs
and supplies only from suppliers approved by us (including us and any of our Affiliates). From time to time, we may
modify the list of approved types, brands, models and/or suppliers, and you may not, after receipt of notice of such
modification, reorder any type, brand or model from any supplier, which is no longer approved. If you propose to purchase
any fixtures, furniture, equipment, signs or supplies of a type, brand or model, or propose to purchase from a supplier,
that we have not previously approved, you must notify us and submit to us such information as we may request. We may
impose reasonable inspection and supervision fees on approved suppliers to cover our costs.
3.05.
Opening Assistance. If you (or any of your Affiliates) have not previously owned or managed a
Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe, we will provide you with such opening operational assistance as we deem appropriate to assist
you in starting your operations, including on-site opening assistance for not more than four (4) days, as scheduled by us.
4.

TRAINING AND GUIDANCE.

4.01.
Our Training Programs. If you (or your Operating Partner) or any of your Personnel have not
completed the appropriate certified training programs, then prior to you opening or operating your Bakery-Cafe, you (or
your Operating Partner) and all such Personnel must attend and successfully complete the appropriate certified training
programs, conducted at such time(s) and place(s) as we designate. Thereafter, any person who replaces your Operating
Partner or any other Personnel must successfully complete the appropriate certified training program before assuming the
particular position. We may require you (or your Operating Partner) and other Personnel to attend and successfully
complete periodic or additional training programs. We will not charge any fees for attendance at any such pre-opening
training programs, but may charge fees for any training programs conducted thereafter. You will be responsible for all
compensation and expenses (including training materials, travel, meals and lodging) incurred by you and your Personnel
in attending any training programs.
4.02.
On-Going Guidance. We will furnish you periodic guidance with respect to the System, including
improvements and changes to the System. Such guidance, at our discretion, will be furnished in the form of the Policy
7

April 2025

