Panera 2025 FDD (25)

Note 2: The total estimated initial investment does not include real estate. Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes are typically located in malls, strip
centers and freestanding locations. The cost of purchasing or leasing and developing a site for a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe will vary
considerably depending on such factors as location, size, and the local real estate market. For a Core Bakery-Cafe you will need to purchase
or lease a building of approximately 3,200 to 3,500 square feet (but potentially up to 5,200 sq. ft.) and pay the cost of site work and/or
leasehold improvements. For a Small Box Bakery-Cafe you will need to purchase or lease a building of approximately 2,400 to 2,800 square
feet and pay the cost of site work and/or leasehold improvements. During 2024, forty (40) US sites developed by Panera were leased with
lease costs (as averaged throughout the initial term of the lease plus one option period) ranging from approximately five thousand six hundred
dollars ($5,600) to approximately forty six thousand dollars ($46,000) per month base rent, triple net, and with an allowance for tenant
improvements ranging from zero dollars ($0) to two million dollars ($2,000,000). Leases may also require percentage rent. If you, one of
your Owners, or one of your Affiliates at any time owns the premises for your Bakery-Cafe, you must immediately notify us and we may
require that you or such Owner or Affiliate (1) enter into an agreement with us in recordable form granting us the right and option, in the
event of a termination (for whatever reason) of the Franchise Agreement, to lease the premises at fair market rental rates for a term
coterminous (in absence of an early termination) with the term of the Franchise Agreement (with an option to extend for 10 years) for such
premises; or (2) enter into a prime lease with us at fair market rental rates for a term coterminous with the term of the Franchise Agreement
(with an option to extend for 10 years) for such premises and a sublease with us on the same terms as the prime lease. The prime lease and
sublease referenced in the preceding sentence shall be on the then-current lease and sublease forms used by us.
Note 3: The cost of purchasing equipment for your Bakery-Cafe, including ovens, will differ based on the format you choose. This estimate
includes a standard computerized POS cash register system, Bakery-Cafe computer hardware and proprietary software.
Note 4: This item covers: (i) thirty-two thousand dollars ($32,000) in costs for the optional Panera technology products and services
described in Item 6, Note 9 for the first year of operation and (ii) Bakery-Cafe Hardware and installation costs billed directly by vendors
which together total up to one hundred thirty-two thousand dollars ($132,000). If you adopt the standard Panera systems configuration, you
are eligible to request optional on-site system support for each Bakery-Cafe you open. The support usually takes three (3) or four (4) days
and the fee for the support is seven hundred dollars ($700) per day. You must reimburse Panera for the expenses (including travel, meals
and lodging) incurred by the support person, which we estimate to average two thousand eight hundred dollars ($2,800).
Note 5: The consultant fees include an estimated impact fee, which may be imposed by the municipality. We estimate that the average
amount of impact fee, if such fee is imposed, will be approximately fifty thousand dollars ($50,000). During 2024, impact fees ranged from
zero dollars ($0) to one-hundred seventy-five thousand dollars ($175,000).
Note 6: Food Products must be purchased from Approved Distributors, Approved Suppliers or other suppliers we approve (See Item 8).
Other items must meet our quality standards and/or be purchased from an approved supplier (See Item 8). The cost of purchasing point of
purchase (“POP”) materials, training materials and forms is estimated to range from three thousand five hundred dollars ($3,500) to eight
thousand five hundred dollars ($8,500). We estimate the cost of the opening food, paper, chemicals and uniforms orders to range from
eighteen thousand dollars ($18,000) to twenty-one thousand dollars ($21,000).
Note 7: This estimate includes working capital for the first three (3) months and includes general operating expenses, such as lease payments,
inventory, payroll expenses, facility expenses, insurance, pest control, security, repairs and maintenance and complimentary sales and other
costs. This estimate also includes your pre-opening expenses during the six months prior to opening and includes such items as professional
fees, organizational expenses, utility deposits, and salaries and expenses during training of your Operating Partner (described in Item 15) and
your other personnel whose training is required by the Franchise Agreement and/or the Area Development Agreement. Because you and/or
your Operating Partner and your other personnel for your Bakery-Cafe, as well as personnel in management positions and personnel that
will work in more than one Bakery-Cafe, are required to complete our training program prior to opening your first Bakery-Cafe (See Item
11), these expenses are included for your first Bakery-Cafe. Consequently, the additional funds necessary for your first Bakery-Cafe tend to
be on the high end of the estimated range, while the additional funds required for subsequent Bakery-Cafes that you open will tend to fall on
the lower end of the estimated range. These figures are estimates based upon our experience in opening and operating company-owned
Bakery-Cafes, and we cannot assure you that you will not have additional expenses in starting your Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe.
Note 8: Except as otherwise noted, none of these payments are refundable. These payments are only estimates and your costs may be
higher, depending on your particular circumstances. Panera relied on its experience regarding openings of both company-owned Panera
Bread Bakery-Cafes and Franchisee-owned Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes to compile these estimates. In geographical areas where we have no
Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes or have no significant experience regarding openings of either company-owned Bakery-Cafes or Franchiseeowned Bakery-Cafes, the foregoing estimated initial investment may be less reliable and you may have to make a greater investment,
depending on the circumstances. You should review these figures carefully with a business advisor, accountant or attorney before making
any decision to purchase a franchise. We do not offer any financing for your initial investment or any other items. The availability and terms
of financing with third-party lenders will depend on factors such as the availability of financing generally, your credit-worthiness and policies
of lending institutions concerning the type of business to be operated.
April 2025 Panera FDD

20

