Panera 2025 FDD (134)

13.03. Effect of Approval. Our approval of a Transfer of the Franchise does not constitute: (a) a
representation as to the fairness of the terms of any agreement or arrangement between you or your Owners and the
transferee or as to the prospects of success of the Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe by the transferee; or (b) a release of you and
your Owners, a waiver of any claims against you or your Owners or a waiver of our right to demand the transferee's
compliance with this Agreement. Any approval shall apply only to the specific Transfer of the Franchise being proposed
and shall not constitute an approval of, or have any bearing on, any other proposed transfer of the Franchise.
13.04. Special Transfers. None of Section 13.02(a), Section 13,02(f) or Section 13.02(h) shall apply to any
Transfer of the Franchise among any of your then-current Owners. Neither Section 13.02(h) nor Section 13.02(j) shall
apply to any Transfer of the Franchise to any member of your Immediate Family or the Immediate Family of a thencurrent Owner of Franchisee. None of the foregoing assignments shall relieve you or your Owners of your respective
obligations hereunder, and you and your Owners remain jointly and severally liable for all obligations hereunder.
13.05. Death or Disability of Franchisee. Upon the death or permanent disability of the Operating Partner
or an Owner of a controlling interest in Franchisee (or the trustee of a trust that is the Franchisee hereunder or that is an
Owner of a controlling interest in Franchisee hereunder), the executor, administrator or other personal representative of
such person shall transfer his/her interest in Franchisee to a third party approved by us in accordance with all of the
applicable provisions of Section 13 within a reasonable period of time, not to exceed nine (9) months from the date of
death or permanent disability.
13.06. Franchisor's Right of First Refusal. If you or any of your Owners desire to transfer the Franchise
for legal consideration (e.g., excluding gifts, testamentary dispositions, etc.) you or such Owner must obtain a bona fide,
executed written offer from a responsible and fully disclosed purchaser (which must contain a confidentiality covenant by
you and the prospective buyer to which we shall be an intended third party beneficiary) and must deliver immediately to
us a complete and accurate copy of such offer, as well as due diligence information we may request. If the offeror proposes
to buy any other property or rights from you or any of your Owners or Affiliates (other than rights under area development
agreements or other franchise agreements for Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes) as part of the bona fide offer, the proposal for
such property or rights must be set forth in a separate, contemporaneous offer that is fully disclosed to us, and the price
and terms of purchase offered to you or your Owners for the Transfer of the Franchise must reflect the bona fide price
offered therefor and may not reflect any value for any other property or rights.
We have the option, exercisable by notice delivered to you or your Owners within thirty (30) days from the date
of delivery of a complete and accurate copy of such offer to us (and having been provided the requested due diligence
information), to purchase such interest for the price contained in such offer, provided that: (a) we may substitute cash for
any form of payment proposed in such offer; (b) our credit shall be deemed equal to the credit of any proposed purchaser;
(c) we will have not less than ninety (90) days from the option exercise date to consummate the transaction; and (d) we
shall not be required to pay deposits (such as earnest money) or to escrow funds prior to closing. We have the right to
investigate and analyze the business, assets and liabilities and all other matters we deem necessary or desirable in order to
make an informed investment decision with respect to the fairness of the terms of purchase. We may conduct such
investigation and analysis in any manner we deem reasonably appropriate, and you and your Owners must cooperate fully
with us in connection therewith.
If we exercise our option to purchase, we are entitled to purchase such interest subject to our form of asset
purchase agreement with all representations and warranties, closing documents, releases, noncompetition covenants and
indemnities as we reasonably may require. If we do not exercise our option to purchase, you or your Owners may complete
the sale to such offeror pursuant to and on the exact terms of such offer, subject to our approval of the transfer as provided
in Sections 13.01 and 13.02, provided that if the sale to such offeror is not completed within ninety (90) days after delivery
of such offer to us, or if there is a change in the price or any material terms of the offer, you must promptly notify us and
we will have an additional option to purchase (at the price of the revised offer, if any, and otherwise as set forth herein)
during the thirty (30)-day period following your notification of the expiration of the ninety (90)-day period or the material
change to the terms of the offer.
13.07. Securities Offerings. Neither you nor any of your Owners may issue or sell, or offer to issue or sell,
any of your securities or any securities of any of your Affiliates, regardless of the means by which such sale is conducted,
directly or indirectly, or by operation of law (including by merger, consolidation, reorganization or otherwise) without
obtaining our prior consent and complying with all of our requirements and restrictions concerning use of information
about us and our Affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither you nor any of your Owners may issue or sell your
securities or the securities of any of your Affiliates if: (1) such securities would be required to be registered pursuant to the
22

April 2025

