Panera 2025 FDD (88)

You may not make any express or implied agreements, warranties, guarantees or representations or incur any
debt in our name or on our behalf or represent that the relationship of the parties hereto is anything other than that of
independent contractors. We will not be obligated by or have any liability under any agreements made by you with any
third party or for any representations made by you to any third party. We will not be obligated for any damages to any
person or property arising directly or indirectly out of the operation of your business hereunder.
5.02
Indemnification. You agree to indemnify us, our Affiliates and our respective directors, officers,
employees, shareholders, members, managers, agents, successors and assigns (collectively “indemnitees”), and to hold the
indemnitees harmless to the fullest extent permitted by law, from any and all losses and expenses (as defined below)
incurred in connection with any litigation or other form of adjudicatory procedure, claim, demand, investigation, formal
or informal inquiry (regardless of whether it is reduced to judgment) or any settlement thereof which arises directly or
indirectly from, or as a result of, a claim of a third party against any one or more of the indemnitees in connection with (i)
your failure to perform or breach of any covenant, agreement, term or provision of this Agreement; (ii) your breach of
any representation or warranty contained in this Agreement; (iii) your development, ownership, operation and/or closing
of any of your Bakery-Cafes; and (iv) any allegedly unauthorized service or act rendered or performed in connection with
this Agreement (collectively “event”), and regardless of whether it resulted from any strict or vicarious liability imposed
by law on the indemnitees. The foregoing indemnity shall apply even if it is determined that the indemnitees’ negligence
caused such loss, liability or expense, in whole or in part, provided, however, that this indemnity will not apply to any
liability arising from a breach of this Agreement by the indemnitees or the gross negligence or willful acts of indemnitees
(except to the extent that joint liability is involved, in which event the indemnification provided herein will extend to any
finding of comparative or contributory negligence attributable to you). The term “losses and expenses” includes
compensatory, exemplary and punitive damages; fines and penalties; attorneys’ fees; experts’ fees; court costs; costs
associated with investigating and defending against claims; settlement amounts; judgments; compensation for damages to
our reputation and goodwill; and all other costs associated with any of the foregoing losses and expenses. We agree to
give you reasonable notice of any event of which we become aware for which indemnification may be required and we
may elect (but are not obligated) to direct the defense thereof, provided that the selection of counsel shall be subject to
your consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. We may, in our reasonable discretion, take
such actions as we deem necessary and appropriate to investigate, defend or settle any event or take other remedial or
corrective actions with respect thereto as may be necessary for the protection of indemnitees or Panera Bread BakeryCafes generally, provided however, that any settlement shall be subject to your consent, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed. Further, notwithstanding the foregoing, if the insurer on a policy or policies obtained
in compliance with your Franchise Agreement agrees to undertake the defense of an event (an “Insured Event”), we agree
not to exercise our right to select counsel to defend the event if such would cause your insurer to deny coverage. We
reserve the right to retain counsel to represent us with respect to an Insured Event at our sole cost and expense. This
Section 5.02 shall continue in full force and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding the expiration or termination of this
Agreement.
5.03
Ownership of the Marks. You acknowledge that our Affiliate, Pumpernickel Associates, LLC, owns
the Marks and that you are not granted the right under this Agreement to use the Marks. Your right to use the Marks
arises solely from, and is limited to, Franchise Agreements entered into between you and us. You may not use any Mark
(or any abbreviation, modification or colorable imitation) as part of any corporate, legal or other business name (other
than in connection with any legally required fictitious or assumed name filings), or with any prefix, suffix or other
modifying words, terms, designs or symbols, or with the name or other designation of the metropolitan area or city in
which the Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe is located, or in any other manner (including any Internet related use such as an
electronic media identifier, for websites, web pages or domain names) not explicitly authorized in writing by us. You may
not at any time during or after the Term contest, or assist any other person or entity in contesting, the validity or ownership
of any of the Marks.
6.

RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS.

6.01
Confidential Information. We will disclose (or will cause to be disclosed) parts of our Confidential
Information to you solely for your use in connection with this Agreement. The Confidential Information is proprietary
and includes our trade secrets. During the Term and thereafter: (a) you and your Owners may not use the Confidential
Information in any other business or capacity (you acknowledge such use is an unfair method of competition); (b) you and
your Owners must maintain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information; (c) you and your Owners may not make
unauthorized copies, nor permit unauthorized access to, or any portion of the Confidential Information disclosed in
written, electronic or other form; and (d) you and your Owners must implement all reasonable procedures we prescribe
from time to time to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of the Confidential Information, including the use of

9
April 2025

