Panera 2025 FDD (42)

We may require you to use proprietary software and other computer systems which we may prescribe from time to time, and you
agree to promptly execute such agreements and/or pay such fees as may be required to integrate enterprise tools and procedures. However,
as of the date of this Disclosure Document, we do not require that you use any particular type or brand of POS System (including BOH), so
long as the POS system software is PCI compliant with a Certified Payment Application and is capable of generating and outputting sales
data in a machine readable format for collection within Panera’s central processing environment. The estimated cost of purchasing hardware
and software and associated training is described in Item 7, and costs of optional technology products and services are described in Item 6.
You must provide such assistance as may be required from time to time to ensure connectivity between your POS computer system
with our computer systems. We shall have the right from time to time to retrieve such data and information from your computer system as
deemed necessary or desirable, and you agree to fully cooperate with such efforts. In view of the contemplated interconnection of computer
systems and the necessity that such systems be compatible with each other, you agree that you will comply strictly with all defined standards
and specifications for items associated with your computer systems.
To ensure operational efficiency and optimum communication capability among computer systems installed at Panera Bread BakeryCafes, you agree, at your expense, to keep your computer systems in good maintenance and repair, and to promptly install such upgrades,
additions, changes, modifications, substitutions and/or replacements of hardware, software, data connectivity, electrical power, and other
computer-related facilities, as we direct. You acknowledge that information technology is constantly changing and that the technology the
parties contemplate using as of the date of this Agreement may change during the Term. Accordingly, you agree to implement at your
Bakery-Cafe such changes to your information technology as we may require from time to time to maintain competitive and state-of-the-art
operations during the Term.
You must upgrade or replace financial and inventory data processing and communications systems whenever we require it, and we
have no obligation to assist you in obtaining hardware, software or related services. There are no contractual limits on the frequency or cost
of your obligation to obtain such upgrades.
[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY]

April 2025 Panera FDD

37

