Panera 2025 FDD (120)

Manual, bulletins and other written materials, consultations by telephone or in person at our offices or at your BakeryCafe, or by any other means of communications. At your request, we may provide special assistance for which you will
be required to pay the per diem fees and charges we may establish from time to time.
4.03.
Policy Manual. We will provide you access to the Policy Manual. You agree to comply fully with all
mandatory standards, specifications and operating procedures and other obligations contained in the Policy Manual. We
may modify the Policy Manual from time to time to reflect changes in standards, specifications and operating procedures,
provided no addition or modification may alter your fundamental status and rights under this Agreement. You must keep
current with the Policy Manual. If a dispute develops relating to the contents of the Policy Manual, our master Policy
Manual will be controlling. The Policy Manual contains Confidential Information, and you agree not to copy any part of
the Policy Manual or allow unauthorized persons access to the Panera’s online resources, including the The Pantry or a
similar or successor site established by Panera.
4.04.
Your Certified Training Programs. We may, from time to time, require or permit you to implement,
at your expense, programs for the training of all or some of your Personnel. Prior to training any of your Personnel, your
training programs must be certified by us as meeting our high standards. You will be required to obtain re-certification of
your training programs from time to time, and we may withhold certification if we determine, in our sole discretion, that
your training programs do not meet our high standards.
5.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.

5.01.
Ownership of the Intellectual Property. You acknowledge that our Affiliate, Pumpernickel
Associates, LLC (“Pumpernickel”), owns the Intellectual Property. Your right to use the Intellectual Property is derived
solely from this Agreement and is limited to conducting business pursuant to and in compliance with this Agreement.
Your unauthorized use of any of the Intellectual Property constitutes a breach of this Agreement and an infringement of
Pumpernickel’s rights to the Intellectual Property. This Agreement does not confer on you any goodwill or other interests
in the Intellectual Property. Your use of the Intellectual Property and any goodwill established thereby inures to the
exclusive benefit of Pumpernickel. All provisions of this Agreement applicable to the Intellectual Property apply to any
additional or substitute Intellectual Property we authorize you to use. You may not at any time during or after the Term
contest, or assist any other person or entity in contesting, the validity or ownership of any of the Intellectual Property.
5.02.
Use of the Intellectual Property. You agree to use the Marks as the sole identification of your BakeryCafe, provided you identify yourself as the independent owner thereof in the manner we prescribe. You agree to use the
Intellectual Property only in full compliance with rules prescribed by us from time to time in connection with your BakeryCafe and the sale of authorized food products, beverages and services. You may not use any Intellectual Property in
connection with the sale of any unauthorized product or service or in any other manner that we have not explicitly
authorized in writing. You shall ensure that all Copyrights used hereunder shall bear an appropriate copyright notice under
the Universal Copyright Convention or other copyright laws prescribed by us. Any unauthorized use, adaptation,
publication, reproduction, preparation of derivative works, distribution of copies (whether by sale or other transfer of
ownership, or by rental, lease or lending), or attempts to recreate all or a portion of such Copyrights shall constitute a
breach of this Agreement and an infringement of the rights of Pumpernickel and us in and to the Copyrights. You may
not use the subject matter of any of the Patents in any other manner not expressly authorized by us in writing. You must
agree to mark all products and equipment as directed by us in a legible manner in some conspicuous place with patent
markings in compliance with the requirements of the United States patent laws. You may not use any Mark (or any
abbreviation, modification or colorable imitation) as part of any corporate, legal or other business name (other than in
connection with any legally required fictitious or assumed name filings), or with any prefix, suffix or other modifying
words, terms, designs or symbols, or with the name or other designation of the metropolitan area or city in which your
Bakery-Cafe is located, or in any other manner (including any Internet related use such as an electronic media identifier,
for websites, web pages or domain names) not expressly authorized by us in writing. In addition to all other rights and
remedies we may have for unauthorized use of the Intellectual Property or the sale of unauthorized products or services,
you must reimburse us for any damages, liability or expenses incurred by us arising out of your sale of any unauthorized
product or service or for any damages, liability or expenses incurred by us arising out of your use of the Intellectual
Property in an unauthorized manner. To the extent that any of the fees payable pursuant to Section 6 are for the right to
use the System, such fees are all-inclusive and are not allocated among any of the various rights, including the Intellectual
Property or any components of the Intellectual Property, that comprise the System.
5.03.
Discontinuance of Use of Intellectual Property. If it becomes advisable at any time for us and/or
you to modify or discontinue use of any Intellectual Property and/or use additional or substitute Intellectual Property, you
8

April 2025

