Panera 2025 FDD (55)

PROVISION

SECTION IN FRANCHISE
AGREEMENT AND SHS
SERVICES AGREEMENT

Our right of first refusal

Section 13.06 of Franchise Agreement

We can match any bona fide offer for your business within
30 days from delivery of a complete and accurate copy of
offer.

o. Our right to purchase your
business

Sections 16.04, 16.05, 16.06, 16.07,
16.08, 16.09, 16.10 and
Exhibit F of Franchise Agreement

We may acquire your Bakery-Cafe, at a defined purchase
price, upon termination or expiration (without renewal) of
the Franchise Agreement. If Exhibit F “Purchase Option
Addendum” of the Franchise Agreement is applicable, we
may acquire your Bakery-Cafe at a defined purchase price,
in the event that you fail to meet our established operational
standards or upon the occurrence of certain other events as
described in the Exhibit F.

p.

Your death or disability

Section 13.05 of Franchise Agreement

All rights in Franchise Agreement must be assigned to an
approved transferee within a reasonable time period not to
exceed nine months of death/disability.

q. Non-competition
covenants during the term of
the franchise

Section 7.02 of Franchise Agreement

No involvement in any competing business, regardless of its
location.

r. Non-competition
covenants after the franchise is
terminated or expires

Section 16.03 of Franchise Agreement

You may not own or provide services/advice to any
competing business or any entity which franchises or
licenses a competing business for 2 years within your
Protected Area or within 5 miles of any Panera Bread
Bakery-Cafe.

s. Modification of the
agreement

Section 10.01 and
Section 19.09 of Franchise Agreement

Generally, no modification except by written agreement
signed by both parties. However, Panera Policy Manual is
subject to change by us. We may also increase the NAF,
LAF or MAF contributions beyond their maximum
amounts with an affirmative vote by 66% of the then
existing company and franchised Bakery-Cafes or 51% of
then existing franchised Bakery-Cafes.

Section 25(e) of SHS Services
Agreement

No modification except by written agreement signed by
both parties.

Section 19.09 of Franchise Agreement

Only the terms of the Franchise Agreement, including
Panera Policy Manual, are binding (subject to state law); any
other oral or written promises may not be enforceable;
nothing is intended to disclaim any representation made in
this disclosure document.

Section 25(d) of SHS Services
Agreement

The agreement constitutes the entire agreement as its
subject matter.

Section 18 of Franchise Agreement

Arbitration required.

Section 22.1 of SHS Services
Agreement

Arbitration required.

n.

t.

Integration/merger clause

u. Dispute resolution by
arbitration or mediation

April 2025 Panera FDD

50

SUMMARY

