Panera 2025 FDD (54)

PROVISION

SECTION IN FRANCHISE
AGREEMENT AND SHS
SERVICES AGREEMENT

h. “Cause” defined —
defaults which cannot be cured

Section 14.01, Section 14.02 and
Section 9.06 of Franchise Agreement

Includes insolvency, failure to open or abandonment of
business, cancellation of lease, misrepresentations,
conviction of a felony, violation of any anti-terrorism law,
unauthorized transfer, unauthorized disclosure of
Confidential Information, repeated breaches of the
agreements; fail 3 or more times within a period of 12
months to submit reports and other data or to otherwise
comply with the Franchise Agreement, whether or not such
failure is corrected; violation of any antiterrorism law or if
your assets, property or interest are “blocked” under such
law; termination or expiration of Area Development
Agreement before the construction of your Bakery-Cafe
starts.

i. Your obligations on
termination, nonrenewal

Section 16 of Franchise Agreement

Discontinue use of Marks, Confidential Information,
proprietary software and any mode of Internet
communications; transfer to us the domain name for your
Bakery-Cafe; de-identify your business; return Panera Policy
Manual; notify telephone company; pay all monies owed us
and provide evidence of your compliance within 30 days of
termination.

Section 3.3 of SHS Services Agreement

Return all software equipment and materials, and pay all
accrued amounts

Section 19.07 of Franchise Agreement

No restriction on our right to transfer or assign.

Section 25(f) of SHS Services
Agreement

No restriction on our right to assign or transfer.

k. “Transfer” by you —
definition

Section 1.04 of Franchise Agreement

Includes sale, transfer, assignment or other disposition,
whether voluntary or involuntary, by operation of law or
otherwise, of the agreement rights, or any direct or indirect
legal or beneficial ownership interest in Franchisee.

l. Our approval of transfer
by you

Section 13.01 and
Section 13.02 of Franchise Agreement

We have the right to approve all transfers but will not
unreasonably withhold approval if certain conditions
satisfied.

Section 25(f) of SHS Services
Agreement

You may not transfer the agreement without our consent.

Section 13.02 of Franchise Agreement

Bakery-Cafe must have opened; you must be in compliance
with agreement; transferee must qualify, complete training
and sign new or existing Franchise Agreement; transferee
cannot be a public company; all your Bakery-Cafes must be
transferred; transfer fee must be paid; you must subordinate
debts and sign a general release and non-compete
agreement; we must approve price and payment terms;
there must be no adverse franchise legislation; you must do
other things we request.

j.
us

Assignment of contract by

m. Conditions for our
approval of transfer

April 2025 Panera FDD

49

SUMMARY

