Panera 2025 FDD (9)

alone or endcap location, and is the likely format for settings such as hospitals, universities, airports, transportation centers. Unless otherwise
indicated in this disclosure document, all references to a Bakery-Cafe will include both a Core Bakery-Cafe and a Small Box Bakery-Cafe.
For each Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe, you must construct a baking facility. This baking facility is necessary to complete the
production of a baked product after delivery of partially prepared fresh and frozen ingredients.
We have developed technology platforms which are designed to make a difference to our customers by providing a greater degree
of access and convenience for our guests. Specifically, we are concentrating efforts and resources on our strategic initiatives intended to
enhance the experience for both our dine-in and to-go guests. Examples of this initiative include digital retail ordering, Rapid-Pickup, catering
ordering, ordering kiosks, and technology tools to assist managers within the Bakery-Cafe. Franchisees interested in using these technology
platforms are required to enter into our Franchisee Master Agreement for Software, Hardware and Support Services ("SHS Services
Agreement"), which is attached as Exhibit E. Under the SHS Services Agreement, Panera supplies Panera owned or licensed software and
other technologies and any required or requested related services. The specific software and services to be provided and the fees to be paid
are outlined in the table in Item 6 Note 9. Fees for Panera technology products and services are generally structured as periodic subscription
fees, percentage of sales fees, or a combination of each depending upon the nature of the products and services provided.
The products and services offered by a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe are intended primarily for personal consumption by the general
public. Panera has designed its concept to create an ambiance in our Bakery-Cafes that is warm, inviting, and embracing. For example,
Bakery-Cafes are designed to provide distinctive environments, in many cases using fixtures and materials complementary to the
neighborhood location of the Bakery-Cafe as a way to engage customers. The distinctive design and environment of our Bakery-Cafes are
intended to offer an oasis from the rush of daily life, where our associates are trained to greet our customers by name and have the skills,
expertise, and personalities to make each visit a delight. Many of our Bakery-Cafes incorporate the warmth of a fireplace and cozy seating
areas or outdoor cafe seating, which facilitate the use of our Bakery-Cafes as a gathering spot. Our Bakery-Cafes are designed to visually
reinforce the distinctive difference between our Bakery-Cafes and other bakery-cafes and restaurants.
You will have to compete with other businesses offering similar products, including specialty food, casual dining, and quick service
cafes, bakeries and restaurant retailers, including national, regional and locally-owned restaurants and grocery stores offering products similar
to those offered by Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes, as well as wholesale bakeries and distributors. Additionally, if you are authorized to offer
small order delivery, you will compete with business in the highly competitive pizza delivery marketplace and with businesses who offer
ordering and meal delivery services from unaffiliated restaurants.
The restaurant industry is a highly competitive and developed market, which can be affected significantly by many factors, including
changes in local, regional or national economic conditions, changes in consumer tastes and spending patterns, consumer concerns about the
nutritional quality of quick-service food, negative publicity about the ingredients we use or the occurrence of food-borne illnesses, dietary
trends, and increases in the number of, and particular locations of, competing restaurants. Various factors can adversely affect the restaurant
industry, including weather conditions; inflation; availability of and resulting increases in food and ingredient costs; labor and energy costs;
the availability and cost of suitable sites; fluctuating interest and insurance rates; state and local regulations and licensing requirements; the
availability of ingredients, particularly select proteins raised without antibiotics, food items and an adequate number of hourly-paid and
salaried employees; and other factors that may affect restaurants or retailers in general.
You should consider that certain aspects of any bakery-cafe business are regulated by federal, state and local laws, rules and
ordinances in addition to the laws, regulations and ordinances applicable to businesses generally, such as the Americans with Disabilities Act,
Federal Wage and Hour Laws and state law equivalents, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Affordable Care Act, the National
Labor Relations Act, data protection (such as credit card data protection under FACTA) and privacy laws. The Environmental Protection
Agency, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, the U.S. Department of Agriculture, as well as state and local environmental and health
departments and other agencies have laws and regulations concerning the preparation and labeling of food and sanitary conditions of bakerycafe facilities. State and local agencies routinely conduct inspections for compliance with these requirements. Under the Clean Air Act and
state implementing laws, certain state and local areas are required to attain, by the applicable statutory guidelines, the national quality standards
for ozone, carbon monoxide and particulate matters. Certain provisions of such laws impose limits on emissions resulting from commercial
food preparation.
From time to time, we may sell and franchise one or more of our company-owned Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes. In these transactions,
we negotiate with the prospective franchisee to reach mutually acceptable terms of a sale agreement and any lease or sublease of the real
estate. If you purchase a company-owned Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe, you must sign a Franchise Agreement and, possibly, also an Area
Development Agreement for the further development of Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes in the geographic area where the purchased Panera
Bread Bakery-Cafe(s) is located. Depending on the circumstances, the financial and other terms may vary from the standard terms of our
Franchise Agreement and Area Development Agreement.
April 2025 Panera FDD

4

