Panera 2025 FDD (216)

18.

CONFIDENTIALITY AND INFORMATION SECURITY.

18.1
Definition. “Confidential Information” means our proprietary and confidential information relating to the
development and operation of the Offerings, including: (1) Policy Manual (as defined in the Franchise Documents);
(2) ingredients, recipes, and methods of preparation and presentation of authorized food products; (3) Panera
Materials (4) identity of suppliers and knowledge of specifications, processes, procedures and equipment, and
pricing for the Offerings; (5) knowledge of operating results and financial performance of Panera Bread bakerycafes, other than Bakery-Cafes you own; (6) computer systems and software programs used or useful in Panera
Bread bakery-cafes; and (7) any and all other information that we provide you that is designated orally or in writing
as proprietary or confidential or by its nature would reasonably be understood to be proprietary or confidential
regardless of whether such information is specifically designated as proprietary or confidential.
18.2
Disclosure of Confidential Information. We will disclose parts of our Confidential Information to you
solely for your use in the connection with the use of the Offerings in support of the operation of your Bakery-Cafe.
The Confidential Information is proprietary and includes our trade secrets. During the Term and thereafter: (a) you
may not use the Confidential Information in any other business or capacity (you acknowledge such use is an unfair
method of competition); (b) you must maintain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information; (c) you may
not make unauthorized copies of any portion of the Confidential Information disclosed in written, electronic or
other form; and (d) you must implement all reasonable procedures we prescribe from time to time to prevent
unauthorized use or disclosure of the Confidential Information, including the use of nondisclosure agreements
with your Owners, officers, directors, Operating Partners, managers, assistant managers, lead bakers and the like,
and you must deliver such agreements to us.
18.3
Return of Confidential Information. Upon termination of this Agreement, Franchisee will return to Panera
all copies of the material containing Confidential Information, or any portion thereof.
18.4
Information Security Obligations of Franchisee. Franchisee has implemented and will maintain an
information security program that uses appropriate physical, technical and organizational measures designed to
protect all Offerings and data from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification or disclosure in compliance
with the Franchisor Information Security Standards.
19.
FORCE MAJEURE. Panera shall not be liable for any failure or delay in the delivery of any Offerings as a
result of a Force Majeure. Panera may establish policies and procedures from time to time for the allocation and
distribution of Offerings among Panera Bread bakery cafes of Panera, and all of its and its’ affiliates’ bakery-cafes.
An event of Force Majeure is defined in the Franchise Documents.
20.
NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT MODIFIES THE FRANCHISE DOCUMENTS. Franchisee acknowledges and
agrees that this Agreement is not, and is not intended to be, a modification of the Franchise Documents.
Accordingly, all rights and obligations of the parties under this Agreement are in addition to, and not in place of,
the rights and obligations described in the Franchise Documents. For the avoidance of doubt, all references in the
Franchise Documents to agreements with Panera or its Affiliates (including, without limitation, Sections 9.03(b),
13.02(b) and 15.0 of the Franchise Agreements with Franchisees) shall include this Agreement and any Order.
21.
INSPECTIONS/AUDITS. We have the right at any time, and on ten (10) days' prior notice to you, to inspect,
copy and audit the systems, records and documents relating to the Offerings and your compliance with the terms
of this Agreement. You must cooperate fully with our representatives conducting such audits.
22.

DISPUTE RESOLUTION.

22.1
Arbitration. All controversies, disputes, or claims between the parties, including their respective Affiliates,
owners, officers, directors, agents, and employees, arising from or relating to this Agreement, including the scope
and validity of any provision of this Agreement (such as this Section 21.1), shall on demand of either party be
submitted for arbitration to the American Arbitration Association (the “AAA”). The arbitration shall be governed
14

