Panera 2025 FDD (204)

PANERA FRANCHISEE MASTER AGREEMENT
FOR SOFTWARE, HARDWARE AND SUPPORT SERVICES
This Franchisee Software, Hardware and Services Master Agreement (this “Agreement”) is entered into by and
between Panera, LLC (“Panera Bread”, “Panera”, the “Franchisor”, “our” or “we”) with a principal place of business
at 1400 South Highway Drive, Suite 100, Fenton, MO 63026 and the party or parties identified on the signature
page to this Agreement (the “Franchisee”, “you” or “your”) (individually or collectively, a “Party” or the “Parties,”
respectively), and is effective on the later of the dates below the Parties’ signatures below (the “Effective Date”).
I.

We own, operate and franchise Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes in the United States. We, or our Affiliates,
have developed and own a comprehensive system for developing, supporting and operating Panera Bread
Bakery-Cafes, which includes certain Offerings (as defined below), all of which we may improve, further
develop or otherwise modify from time to time.

II.

You and/or any Franchisee’s Affiliate (as defined below) have been granted the right to own and operate
certain Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes in the United States pursuant to Franchise Document(s) (defined
below).

III.

You desire to have Panera supply and we agree to supply you (and any Franchisee’s Affiliate) with select
Offerings for your (and any Franchisee’s Affiliate’s) use in connection with the operation of your (and any
Franchisee’s Affiliate’s) Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe(s) pursuant to: (i) the terms and conditions of this
Agreement; (ii) any applicable terms and conditions set forth in the Order (defined below) or Offering
descriptions as detailed in Panera’s Online Catalog (defined below); and (iii) any additional related
documentation applicable to the Order provided to you by or on behalf of Panera or an Authorized Third
Party.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, and
for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is acknowledged, and intending to
be legally bound, Franchisee and Panera agree as follows:
1. ORDERING; GENERAL RESTRICTIONS.
1.1
Certain Definitions. The terms listed below have the meanings which follow them and include the plural
as well as the singular. Other terms are defined elsewhere in this Agreement in the context in which they arise.
1.1.1 “Authorized Representative” means an individual or entity that has been given the legal authority
to act on behalf of the Franchisee (or a Franchisee’s Affiliate) including making decisions, entering into
agreements and performing actions as if they were the Franchisee.
1.1.2 “Authorized Third Party” means third parties authorized by Panera to provide the Offerings to
Franchisee under the terms of this Agreement. “Authorized Third Party” does not include any third party
with whom Franchisee has entered into a direct a direct agreement.
1.1.3 “Authorized User” means Franchisee and Franchisee’s owner, Franchisee’s Affiliate(s), Authorized
Representative(s), employees, consultants, contractors, and agents: (i) who are authorized by Franchisee
to access and use the Offerings under the rights granted to Franchisee pursuant to this Agreement; and
(ii) for whom access to the Offerings has been purchased hereunder.
1.1.4 “Documentation” means Panera’s or a Third Party’s then-current technical and functional
documentation as well as any roles and responsibilities descriptions, if applicable, for the Offering(s).
1.1.5 “Franchise Document(s)” means the Franchise Agreement(s) and other applicable documents
entered into between Franchisor and Franchisee (or Franchisee’s Affiliates) related to the Panera Bread
Bakery-Cafes.
2

