Panera 2025 FDD (27)

ITEM 8

RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

Generally.
To ensure that high and uniform standards of quality and service are maintained, you must operate your Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe
in strict conformity with our methods, standards and specifications and, as described below, you must purchase ingredients, goods, services,
supplies, fixtures, equipment and inventory only from suppliers we have approved.
Purchase of Food Products.
You must purchase exclusively from Approved Distributors all those Food Products we periodically authorize to be manufactured,
produced, and/or delivered solely and exclusively by one or more Approved Distributors (“Key Food Products”). “Food Products” are the
finished or partially finished food products we authorize to be offered and sold at Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes, as well as dough and other
ingredients and an "Approved Distributor" means any distributor that we authorize to distribute Food Products. In addition, you must
purchase from Approved Suppliers all other Food Products we periodically authorize to be manufactured, produced, and/or delivered by
Approved Suppliers (“Other Food Products”), subject to your right to purchase such Other Food Products from Alternative Approved
Suppliers. An “Approved Supplier” is any supplier, including us, an Affiliate of ours, or an independent third party, whom we authorize to
manufacture, produce, and/or supply Other Food Products (other than Key Food Products). An “Alternative Approved Supplier” is any
supplier who has been proposed by you or by another franchisee to manufacture, produce, and/or supply Other Food Products (other than
Key Food Products) and who has been approved by us to do so.
Approved Distributors and Approved Suppliers are not liable for any delay in the delivery of ingredients as a result of any force
majeure. Approved Distributors and Approved Suppliers may establish policies and procedures from time to time for the allocation and
distribution of Food Products among Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes.
You may purchase Other Food Products from any alternative supplier we approve. If you propose to purchase any such Other
Food Products from any alternative supplier who is not then approved by us, you and the proposed supplier must submit to us all information
that we may request in order to determine whether to approve the supplier. We will have the right to approve or disapprove any supplier,
and we may approve a supplier conditionally. In evaluating any supplier you propose, we may, subject to restrictions and conditions to protect
our trade secrets and confidential information, disclose to such proposed supplier applicable standards, specifications, ingredients, recipes,
processes, equipment and procedures for the item in sufficient detail to enable the proposed supplier to demonstrate its capacity and
capabilities to supply the items in accordance with our requirements. Within one hundred twenty (120) days after we receive all requested
information, we will communicate to you in writing our decision to approve or disapprove your proposed supplier. We will evaluate proposed
alternative suppliers on their ability to comply with applicable standards, specifications, ingredients, recipes, processes, and procedures, as
well as their use of approved equipment, and we will only approve those proposed alternative suppliers that meet our high standards. You
must notify us at least thirty (30) days in advance before you first start purchasing any Other Food Products manufactured, produced, or
supplied by an Alternative Approved Supplier who is already approved by us. We may disapprove any supplier who we previously approved,
and you may not, after receipt of notice of disapproval, reorder Food Products manufactured, produced, or supplied by any supplier we have
disapproved.
We may prescribe procedures for the submission of requests for approval and impose obligations on Alternative Approved
Suppliers, which will be incorporated in a written license agreement with the supplier. We may obtain from you and/or such Alternative
Approved Suppliers reimbursement of our reasonable costs and expenses incurred in connection with the approval process and on-going
monitoring of the supplier’s compliance with our requirements, but we will not profit from the sale to you of Other Food Products
manufactured, produced, or supplied by an Alternative Approved Supplier. We may impose limits on the number of Alternative Approved
Suppliers we approve. We may monitor the quality of Food Products manufactured, produced, or supplied by Alternative Approved Suppliers
in a manner we deem appropriate and may terminate any Alternative Approved Supplier who does not meet our quality standards and
specifications. If you purchase one or more types of Other Food Products manufactured, produced, or supplied by an Alternative Approved
Supplier, no Approved Supplier will have any obligation to sell you any Other Food Products while you are purchasing from any Alternative
Approved Supplier. If, after commencing purchasing Other Food Products from an Alternative Approved Supplier, you want the Approved
Supplier to resume supplying you with Other Food Products, we may require you to submit to us an application, in such form as we may
determine, which we will normally process within thirty (30) days. The Approved Supplier has no obligation to resume supplying Other
Food Products to you, and you may not place an order for such products with the Approved Supplier, until we have approved your application
for resupply.

April 2025 Panera FDD

22

