Panera 2025 FDD (131)

ownership interest; and (f) obtaining our prior written approval of any modifications to the website. You acknowledge
and agree that Pumpernickel is the owner of all the Marks, including “Panera” and “Panera Bread”, and that all goodwill
established by your use of the Marks or the Authorized Domain Name inures to the exclusive benefit of Pumpernickel.
You agree not to claim any legal or equitable ownership interest in the Authorized Domain Name. We may terminate
your right to use the Authorized Domain Name, for any reason or no reason, which termination shall be effective
immediately upon written notice to you.
10.07. Social Media Sites. We may maintain one or more social media sites (e.g., Twitter, Facebook,
Pinterest, Four Square, MySpace or such other social media sites). You may not establish or maintain any social media
sites utilizing any user names, or otherwise associating with the Marks, without our advance written consent. We may
designate from time to time regional or territory-specific user names/handles to be maintained by you. You must adhere
to the social media policies that we establish from time to time and you will require all of your owners to do so as well.
11.

RECORDS AND REPORTS.

11.01. Records. You agree to prepare and to maintain for three (3) years, or such longer time as required by
applicable law, complete and accurate books, records (including invoices and records relating to your advertising
expenditures) and accounts (using our then-current standard chart of accounts) for your Bakery-Cafe, copies of your sales
tax returns and such portions of your state and federal income tax returns as relate to your Bakery-Cafe. All such books
and records shall be kept at your principal address indicated on the first page of this Agreement, unless we otherwise
approve.
You must record all sales on a point-of-sale (POS) computer system that is fully compatible with our computer
systems and that includes a seamless information interface capability of fully integrating electronically into our computer
systems. You agree to purchase or lease, at your expense, POS computer hardware and software systems and install data
connections, power lines, modems, printers and other computer-related accessories and peripherals as may be required
for a standard interface for the purpose of, among other functions, the recording and transmission of information collected
through the POS system (including gross sales, Net Sales, discounts, product mix, sales by day part) to centralized data
collection systems.
You must provide such assistance as may be required from time to time to ensure connectivity between your
POS computer system with our computer systems. We shall have the right from time to time to retrieve such data and
information from your computer system as deemed necessary or desirable, and you agree to fully cooperate with such
efforts. In view of the contemplated interconnection of computer systems and the necessity that such systems be
compatible with each other, you agree that you will comply strictly with all defined standards and specifications for items
associated with your computer systems.
To ensure operational efficiency and optimum communication capability among computer systems installed at
Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes, you agree, at your expense, to keep your computer systems in good maintenance and repair,
and to promptly install such upgrades, additions, changes, modifications, substitutions and/or replacements of hardware,
software, data connectivity, electrical power, and other computer-related facilities, as we direct. You acknowledge that
information technology is constantly changing and that the technology the parties contemplate using as of the date of this
Agreement may change during the Term. Accordingly, you agree to implement at your Bakery-Cafe such changes to your
information technology as we may require from time to time to maintain competitive and state-of-the-art operations during
the Term.
We may require you to use proprietary software and other computer systems which we may prescribe from time
to time, and you agree to promptly execute such agreements and/or pay such fees as may be required to integrate enterprise
tools and procedures.
11.02. Periodic Reports. You must furnish us: (a) no later than the first business day immediately following
the end of any Reporting Period, a report of Net Sales for such Reporting Period; (b) within thirty (30) days after the end
of each of your fiscal quarters, a quarterly balance sheet and income statement and statement of cash flow of your BakeryCafe for such quarter in accordance with Panera Standards; (c) within ninety (90) days after the end of each of your fiscal
years, (i) a year-end balance sheet and income statement and statement of cash flow of your Bakery-Cafe for such year,
and a consolidated year-end balance sheet and income statement and statement of cash flow for you and all of your
Affiliates that develop, own or operate Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes, all prepared in accordance with Panera Standards; (ii)
similar information from all Principal Owners who have executed guarantees of this Agreement; and (iii) such summaries
19

April 2025

