Panera 2025 FDD (297)

ADDENDUM TO THE PANERA, LLC FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
FOR THE STATE OF MARYLAND
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Panera, LLC Franchise Disclosure Document,
the following provisions shall supersede and apply to all Franchises offered and sold in the State of Maryland:
1. The following language is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(c), entitled Requirements for
franchisee to renew or extend, and Item 17(m), entitled Conditions for franchisor approval of transfer:
Any release required as a condition of renewal and/or assignment/transfer will not apply to any liability under the
Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.
1.

The following language is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17(h), entitled “Cause” defined
– non-curable defaults:

Termination upon insolvency might not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C. Sections 101 et
seq.), but we will enforce it to the extent enforceable.
2.

The following sentence is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17(v), entitled Choice of forum:

Subject to your arbitration obligation, you may bring suit in Maryland for claims arising under the Maryland
Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.
3.

The “Summary” section of Item 17(w), entitled Choice of law, is amended to read as follows:

Except for federal law, and except as otherwise required by the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure
Law, Missouri law governs.
4.

The following language is added to the end of the chart in Item 17:

You must bring any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law within 3 years
after the grant of the franchise.
5.

Pursuant to the Interpretive Opinion “Adopting NASAA Statement of Policy Regarding the Use of Franchise
Questionnaires and Acknowledgments” dated January 23, 2023, issued by the State of Maryland Office of the
Attorney General Securities Division (the “Division”), the Division requires franchisors selling franchises that
are subject to the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law to provide the following legend: “No
statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the
commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable
state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by
any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes
any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.”

2

