Panera 2025 FDD (39)

Advertising.
National Advertising Fund.
We have established a National Advertising Fund (“NAF”) for the creation and development of marketing, advertising and related
programs and materials, including electronic, print and Internet media as well as the planning and purchasing of national and/or regional
network advertising. You must contribute to the NAF amounts that we establish from time to time as described in Item 6. We reserve the
right to collect annual contributions to the NAF at any time of the year and may do so retroactively for periods of the calendar year that have
already lapsed (if we change the contribution rate anytime during the year). At our discretion, the funds may be electronically drafted. We
reserve the right to raise the NAF contribution (as well as the Local Advertising Funds, as described below, and the Marketing Administration
Fee, as described below, contributions) above 2.6%, 2.0% and 0.4% of Net Sales, respectively, by gaining an approval vote by either (i) sixty
six percent (66%) of all then existing company-owned and franchised Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes or (ii) fifty one percent (51%) of all then
existing franchised Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes. Voting will be accomplished through a system of one (1) vote per eligible Panera Bread
Bakery-Cafe. See Item 6, footnote 3 for rates as of the Effective Date. All Franchisee-owned Bakery-Cafes and all company-owned BakeryCafes will contribute the same percentage to the NAF. The NAF will not spend any money on advertising that is principally a solicitation
for the sale of new franchises.
We will have sole discretion over all aspects of programs financed by the NAF, including national or regional media, creative
concepts, materials, endorsements and agency relationships. Although the NAF is intended to maximize general recognition of the Marks
and patronage of the Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes for the benefit of all Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes, we cannot assure you that any particular
Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe will benefit directly or pro-rata from the placement of advertising. The NAF may be used to pay for the cost of
preparing and producing materials and programs we select, including agency fees, market research and product testing, video, audio, electronic
and written advertising materials, public relations programs, media planning and buying services and the cost of employing advertising
agencies and supporting market research activities. We may furnish you with marketing, advertising and promotional materials at cost, plus
any related administrative, shipping, handling and storage charges.
The NAF will be accounted for separately from our other funds. While our intent is to balance the NAF on an annual basis, from
time to time the NAF may run at either a surplus or deficit. All disbursements from the NAF shall be made first from income and then from
contributions. We may spend in any fiscal year an amount greater or less than the aggregate contributions of all Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes
to the NAF in that year, and the NAF may borrow from us or other lenders to cover deficits in the NAF or cause the NAF to invest any
surplus for future use by the NAF. We will prepare annually a statement of funds collected and costs incurred by the NAF and furnish you
a copy upon your written request. Except as otherwise expressly provided in the Franchise Agreement, we assume no direct or indirect
liability or obligation with respect to the maintenance, direction or administration of the NAF. We do not act as a trustee or in any other
fiduciary capacity with respect to the NAF.
The funds collected in fiscal year 2024 were used as follows:
Direct Marketing/Promotion
Media Placement
Account Retainer
Production and Creative
Brand Research
Administrative Expenses

44.94%
41.38%
7.99%
4.16%
1.53%
0.0%

Account Retainer refers to compensation and expense reimbursement to third party service providers.
Direct
Marketing/Promotion refers to marketing outreach activities such as payments pertaining to database marketing, web communications and
Internet, as well as media relations and includes costs associated with our MyPanera® Rewards Program and costs to fund certain promotions.
Portions of the amounts in the categories above include allocations of salary and benefits of Panera employees involved in the development
and/or execution of advertising Panera’s products and services.
We will seek the advice of owners of Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes by formal or informal means with respect to the creative concepts
and media used for programs financed by the NAF. At our discretion, we may establish a Marketing Advisory Council (“MAC”). Members
of the MAC are appointed by us and the MAC will serve only in an advisory capacity. The final authority on all programs funded by the
NAF will rest with us, and we will have sole discretion over all aspects of such programs, including national or regional media, creative
concepts, materials, endorsements, agencies and suppliers. We will have the right to change or dissolve the MAC.

April 2025 Panera FDD

34

