Panera 2025 FDD (172)

Any director may resign at any time. Such resignation will be made in writing and will take effect upon its delivery
to the President or the Board of Directors or its Chairman.
Section 4.7.

Powers

Except for those rights reserved to the Members under these Bylaws, the business of the Corporation will be
managed by its Board of Directors, which may exercise all such powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and
things as are not prohibited by the Act, by the Articles of Incorporation or by these Bylaws. The Board of Directors will
determine the compensation, if any, to be paid to each officer and director of the Corporation, including those officers
who may also be directors.
Section 4.8.

Meetings

The Board of Directors of the Corporation may hold meetings, whether annual or special, either within or
without the State of Missouri. The annual meeting of the Board of Directors for the purpose of electing officers and
transacting such other business as may be brought before the meeting will be held at such time and place as the Board of
Directors may determine. The Board of Directors may by resolution provide for the time and place of other regular
meetings, and no notice of such regular meetings need be given.
All other meetings of the Board may be called on the written request of (i) any director or (ii) Members with 25%
of the voting rights of Members in good standing, at such time and place as may be stated in such request.

[NAME OF AREA]
_ Bakery-Cafe Advertising
In accordance with the terms of the
Association Authorization Agreement, a representative of Franchisor shall be entitled to notice of all regular and special
meetings of the Board of Directors of the Corporation and shall have the right to attend all meetings, either in person or
in any other manner of attendance authorized in these Bylaws. However, unless the Franchisor is a Director of the
Corporation, the Franchisor representative shall have no right to participate in any action of the Board of Directors in
accordance with Sections 4.10 and 4.11 of these Bylaws.
Section 4.9.

Notice of Special Meetings

Written notice of the place, day and hour of any special meeting of the Board of Directors must be given by or
under direction of the Secretary or the Assistant Secretary, to each director at least two (2) days before the meeting;
provided, however, that oral notice may be given to directors in lieu of written notice so long as the party giving the notice
to the directors files with the Corporation a written statement of the date, time, place and manner of the oral notices.
Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any meeting of the Board of Directors, need be stated in the
notice or waiver of notice of such meeting.
Section 4.10.

Action Without a Meeting

Any action required to be taken, or which may be taken, at a meeting of the Board of Directors may be taken
without a meeting, if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so to be taken, is signed by all of the directors entitled
to vote. Such consent will have the same effect as a unanimous vote.
Section 4.11.

Quorum and Voting

At all meetings of the Board, a majority of the directors then in office will constitute a quorum for the transaction
of business. The act of a majority of directors present at a meeting where a quorum is present will be the act of the Board
of Directors, except as may be otherwise specifically provided by law, the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws. If at
any meeting of the Board of Directors there is less than a quorum present, a majority of those present may adjourn the
meeting, without further notice, from time to time and place to place until a quorum will have been obtained.
Section 4.12.

Organization

The President of the Corporation will act as Chairman and the Secretary or Assistant Secretary will act as Secretary
at all meetings of the Board.

6

