Panera 2025 FDD (143)

judgments; compensation for damages to our reputation and goodwill; and all other costs associated with any of the
foregoing losses and expenses. We agree to give you reasonable notice of any event of which we become aware for which
indemnification may be required and we may elect (but are not obligated) to direct the defense thereof, provided that the
selection of counsel shall be subject to your consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. We
may, in our reasonable discretion, take such actions as we deem necessary and appropriate to investigate, defend, or settle
any event or take other remedial or corrective actions with respect thereto as may be necessary for the protection of
indemnitees or Panera Bread Company Bakery-Cafes generally, provided however, that any settlement shall be subject to
your consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Further, notwithstanding the foregoing, if the
insurer on a policy or policies obtained in compliance with the Agreement agrees to undertake the defense of an event (an
“Insured Event”), we agree not to exercise our right to select counsel to defend the event if such would cause your insurer
to deny coverage. We reserve the right to retain counsel to represent us with respect to an Insured Event at our sole cost
and expense. This Section 17.02 shall continue in full force and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding the expiration
or termination of this Agreement.
17.03. Taxes. We will have no liability for any sales, use, service, occupation, exercise, gross receipts, income,
property or other taxes, whether levied upon your Bakery-Cafe, your property or upon us, in connection with sales made
or business conducted by you (except any taxes we are required by law to collect from you). Payment of all such taxes
shall be your responsibility. In the event of a bona fide dispute as to your liability for taxes, you may contest your liability
in accordance with applicable law. In no event, however, will you permit a tax sale, seizure, or attachment to occur against
your Bakery-Cafe or any of its assets.
18.

DISPUTE RESOLUTION.

18.01. Arbitration. All controversies, disputes, or claims between the parties, including their respective
Affiliates, owners, officers, directors, agents, and employees, arising from or relating to this Agreement, including the
scope and validity of any provision of this Agreement (such as this Section 18.01), shall on demand of either party be
submitted for arbitration to the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”). The arbitration shall be governed exclusively
by the United States Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. § 1, et seq.), without reference to any state arbitration statutes. The parties
agree that, in connection with any such arbitration proceeding, each shall submit or file any claim that would constitute a
compulsory counterclaim (as defined by Rule 13 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure) within the same proceeding as
the claim to which it relates. Any such claim that is not submitted or filed in such proceeding shall be barred. The
arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in the city where we then have our principal place of business in accordance
with the then-current commercial arbitration rules of the AAA, except the parties shall be entitled to limited discovery at
the discretion of the arbitrator(s) who may, but are not required to, allow depositions. The parties acknowledge that the
arbitrators’ subpoena power is not subject to geographic limitations. The arbitration proceedings shall be conducted on
an individual basis and not on a multi-plaintiff, consolidated, collective or class-wide basis. The foregoing sentence is an
integral provision of the arbitration procedures set forth in this paragraph, and may not be severed therefrom,
notwithstanding Section 19.01 of this Agreement. If such sentence is determined to be invalid or unenforceable in
connection with a particular controversy, dispute, or claim, then this Section 18.01 shall be stricken from this Agreement
and neither party shall be deemed to have consented to arbitration of such controversy, dispute, or claim.
The arbitrator(s) shall have the right to award the relief that he or she deems proper, consistent with the terms
of this Agreement, including compensatory damages (with interest on unpaid amounts from date due), specific
performance, injunctive relief, legal fees and costs. The award and decision of the arbitrator(s) shall be conclusive and
binding on all parties, and judgment upon the award may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Any right to
contest the validity or enforceability of the award shall be governed exclusively by the United States Arbitration Act.
18.02. Jurisdiction. Subject to Section 18.01, you and your Owners irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of
the courts of the State of Missouri in any suit, action or proceeding, arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any
other dispute between you and us, and you irrevocably agree that all claims in respect of any such suit, action or proceeding
must be brought and/or defended therein except with respect to matters that are under the jurisdiction of the Federal
Courts of the United States, which shall be brought and/or defended in the Federal District Court sitting in St. Louis,
Missouri. You irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent you may lawfully do so, the defense of an inconvenient forum to
the maintenance of such suit, action or proceeding and agree that service of process for purposes of any such suit, action
or proceeding need not be personally served or served within the State of Missouri but may be served with the same effect
as if you were served within the State of Missouri, by certified mail or any other means permitted by law addressed to you

31

April 2025

