Panera 2025 FDD (122)

business day immediately following the end of each Reporting Period. Any payment or report not actually received by us
on or before such date shall be deemed overdue. If any payment is overdue, you shall pay to us, in addition to the overdue
amount, interest on such amount from the date it was due until paid, at a rate which is the lesser of two (2) percentage
points above the prime interest rate as reported by the Wall Street Journal on the day the payment was due or the maximum
rate permitted by law. You also agree to maintain at all times sufficient funds in the designated bank accounts for such
withdrawals as provided in Section 6.04. If sufficient funds are not available in the designated bank account at the time
of an electronic transfer to pay fees that are due us or our Affiliates, we have the right to collect a service fee, subject to
applicable law. Entitlement to such interest and service fee shall be in addition to any other remedies we may have. Your
failure to have sufficient funds available in the designated account in an amount equal to any amount then due or your
failure to pay all amounts when due, constitutes grounds for termination of this Agreement, as provided in Section 14.
6.06.
Application of Payments. We may apply any payments by you to any of your past due indebtedness
for Royalty Fees, advertising fund contributions or any other indebtedness to us or any of our Affiliates, notwithstanding
any designation by you.
7.

RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS.

7.01.
Confidential Information. We will disclose (or cause to be disclosed) parts of our Confidential
Information to you solely for your use in the operation of your Bakery-Cafe. The Confidential Information is proprietary
and includes our trade secrets. During the Term and thereafter: (a) you and your Owners may not use the Confidential
Information in any other business or capacity (you and your Owners acknowledge such use is an unfair method of
competition); (b) you and your Owners must maintain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information; (c) you and
your Owners may not make unauthorized copies of, nor permit unauthorized access to, any portion of the Confidential
Information disclosed in written, electronic or other form; and (d) you and your Owners must implement all reasonable
procedures we prescribe from time to time to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of the Confidential Information,
including the use of nondisclosure agreements with your Owners, officers, directors, Operating Partners, managers,
assistant managers, bakers and the like, and you and your Owners must deliver such agreements to us. At the end of the
Term, you and your Owners must deliver to us all such Confidential Information in your possession or control. Your
restrictions on disclosure and use of Confidential Information do not apply to information or techniques which are or
become generally known in the restaurant industry (other than through your own disclosure), provided you obtain our
prior written consent to such disclosure or use.
7.02.
In-Term Covenants. During the Term, neither you nor any of your Owners may, without our prior
consent (which consent may be withheld at our discretion):
(a)
directly or indirectly (such as through an Affiliate or a member of his/her or their Immediate
Families) own any legal or beneficial interest in, or render services or give advice to: (1) any Competitive Business located
anywhere; or (2) any entity located anywhere which grants franchises, licenses or other interests to others to operate any
Competitive Business; or
(b)
divert or attempt to divert any business or customer of Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes to any
competitor or do anything injurious or prejudicial to the goodwill associated with the Marks or the System.
7.03.
Information Exchange. All recipes, processes, ideas, concepts, advertising and promotional materials,
website pages and content, methods, techniques or materials used or useful to a restaurant, grocery store, bakery-cafe,
bakery or dough production business, or other business offering bakery products, whether or not constituting protectable
intellectual property (collectively, the “Materials”), that you create, or that are created on your behalf, in connection with
the development or operation of your Bakery-Cafe must be promptly disclosed to us. If we adopt any of such Materials
as part of the System, or deem them to be sufficiently related to us and our business to be considered proprietary, they
will be deemed to be our sole and exclusive property and deemed to be Works-made-for-Hire (as such term is defined
under Section 101 of the Copyright Act) for us, and to the extent the Materials may for any reason not be considered a
Work-made-for-Hire, you irrevocably convey, grant, transfer and assign to us all right, title and interest which you may
have now or in the future in and to the Materials. You agree to sign whatever assignment or other documents we request,
during and after the Term, to evidence our ownership or to assist us in securing intellectual property rights in the Materials,
and you warrant that you will obtain all rights from any third party acting on your behalf to comply with this provision.

10

April 2025

