Panera 2025 FDD (171)

(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
(6)
(7)
(8)
Section 3.16.

Proof of notice of meeting and determination of quorum.
Reading and disposing of minutes of previous meeting.
Announcement of purposes for the meeting.
Reports of officers.
Unfinished business.
New business, including election of directors if an annual meeting.
Adjournment.

Member Meetings by Telephone

Any Member may participate in a Members’ meeting, or may conduct a Members’ meeting through the use of,
any means of communication enabling all persons participating in the meeting to hear each other at the same time during
the meeting. Participation by such means will constitute presence in person at a meeting.
ARTICLE 4
Directors
Section 4.1.

Number

There will be at least three (3) directors on the Board. From time to time, the exact number of directors may be
determined by vote of the Members at any time, but never less than three (3) and never an amount less than as otherwise
required by the Act.
Section 4.2.

Vacancies

If a vacancy occurs on the Board of Directors because a Member’s Representative is no longer serving as such,
such Member shall fill the vacancy so long as such Member is in good standing. In all other cases, if a vacancy occurs on
the Board of Directors, including a vacancy resulting from an increase in the number of directors or the removal of one
(1) or more directors, it may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors even if the remaining
directors constitute less than a quorum.
Section 4.3.

Removal of Directors

A Member may remove one or more Directors elected by it. A Director elected by the Board of Directors may
be removed without cause by the vote of two-thirds of the Directors then in office or by the Members. A Director may
be removed for cause by a vote of the majority of the Directors then in office or by the Members.
Section 4.4.

Qualification

Each director must be either a Member (if the Member is an individual) or the Member’s Representative. If there
are less than three (3) Members at any time, then the Franchisor, through Franchisor's representative designated as its
"Member's Representative", shall have the right to designate two (2) directors, one of which shall be the Member's
Representative and the other shall be an officer of Franchisor. However, any director serving on the Board of Directors
will be automatically suspended at any time during which he or she, or the business organization for which he or she is the
Representative, is not in good standing. In addition, directors will be automatically removed as directors if, at any time,
the Member with which they are associated is expelled from membership or is no longer a franchisee of the Franchisor
either because the franchise agreement has expired or it has been terminated or transferred.

Section 4.5.

Terms

Directors will hold office until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified or until there is a decrease
in the number of directors.
Section 4.6.

Resignation

5

