Panera 2025 FDD (117)

establishments using any part or all of the System and/or Marks that are: (i) located within retail outlets, restaurants,
grocery stores, supermarkets and other channels of distribution (including wholesale distribution of baked goods to
restaurants, supermarkets, grocery stores, caterers and other outlets and using such media as deemed appropriate, including
the Internet, catalog sales, telemarketing, and direct marketing); or (ii) located at transportation facilities (such as airport
facilities, inter-MSA train and/or bus stations, turnpikes or other limited access highway rest stops), hospitals, colleges,
universities, sports arenas, entertainment facilities, and military facilities, or where any locations or its food operations are
controlled by a third party or in our judgment should be operated by a third party (collectively “Special Locations”); and
(b) retail food establishments (including restaurants, cafes and bakeries) that we purchase (or as to which we purchase the
rights as franchisor) that are part of another franchise system or chain, regardless whether any or all of them are converted
to use any or all of the Marks and/or System or continue to be operated independently.
2.03.
Our Reservation of Rights. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, we and all of
our Affiliates (and our respective successors and assigns, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) retain all of our
rights and discretion with respect to the Marks, the System and Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes anywhere in the world, and
the right to engage in any business whatsoever, including the right to: (a) operate, and grant to others the right to operate,
Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes at such locations outside the Protected Area and on such terms and conditions as we deem
appropriate (you acknowledge that such Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes may be in direct competition with your Bakery-Cafe,
without regard to any adverse effects of such activities on your Bakery-Cafe and without any obligation or liability to you);
(b) sell any products or services under any trade names, trademarks, service marks or trade dress, including the Marks,
through other channels of distribution (including wholesale distribution of baked goods to restaurants, supermarkets,
grocery stores, caterers and other outlets and using such media as deemed appropriate, including the Internet, catalog sales,
telemarketing, and direct marketing); and (c) operate, and grant to others the right to operate, retail food establishments
(including restaurants, cafes, or bakeries) identified by tradenames, trademarks, service marks or trade dress, other than
the Marks, pursuant to such terms and conditions as we deem appropriate. You acknowledge and agree that, except as
expressly provided to the contrary in Section 2.02 hereof, your rights hereunder shall be non-exclusive. You waive, to the
fullest extent permitted under law, all claims, demands or causes of action arising from or related to any of the foregoing
activities by us or any of our Affiliates.
2.04.
Catering/Delivery Services. We may grant you a non-exclusive right to provide offsite catering
and/or delivery services for certain food products we may authorize from time to time within a geographical area around
your Bakery-Cafe that we may designate from time to time (“Catering/Delivery Area”). You may not provide any such
services to or at locations outside the Catering/Delivery Area without our prior consent, and under no circumstances may
you provide any such services to or at locations within the designated Catering/Delivery Area for any Panera Bread BakeryCafes owned or operated by us or another franchisee. Any consent to provide such services beyond the Catering/Delivery
Area may be revoked at any time.
You acknowledge and agree that we have the right, in our sole discretion, at any time and from time to time, to
revoke our authorization for your Bakery-Cafe to provide offsite catering and/or delivery services and to modify or reduce
any Catering/Delivery Area. In such event, you agree to promptly discontinue offsite catering and/or delivery services in
the affected geographical area, notwithstanding that you may have provided such services within such area prior thereto.
You will not be entitled to any compensation for any elimination or reduction of the Catering/Delivery Area.
3.

DEVELOPMENT OF YOUR BAKERY-CAFE.

3.01.
Site Acceptance. Neither our acceptance of the Premises nor any information communicated to you
regarding our standard site selection criteria for Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes or the specific location of the Premises
constitutes a warranty or representation of any kind, express or implied, as to the suitability of the Premises for a Panera
Bread Bakery-Cafe or for any other purpose. Our acceptance of the Premises merely signifies that we are willing to grant
a franchise for a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe at that location. Your decision to develop and operate a Panera Bread BakeryCafe at the Premises is based solely on your own independent investigation of the suitability of the Premises for a Panera
Bread Bakery-Cafe.
In consideration of our acceptance of the Premises, you and your Owners release us, and our Affiliates, officers,
directors, employees and agents from any and all loss, damages and liability arising from or in connection with the selection
and/or acceptance of the Premises for development as a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe.
3.02.
Purchase or Lease of Premises. You must lease, sublease or purchase the Premises within one
hundred and eighty (180) days after the date of our Site Acceptance Letter attached hereto as Exhibit G. We have the
5

April 2025

