Panera 2025 FDD (93)

10.

DISPUTE RESOLUTION.

10.01
Arbitration. All controversies, disputes, or claims between the parties, including their respective
Affiliates, owners, officers, directors, agents, and employees, arising from or relating to this Agreement, including the
scope and validity of any provision of this Agreement (such as this Section 10.01), shall on demand of either party be
submitted for arbitration to the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”). The arbitration shall be governed exclusively
by the United States Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. § 1, et seq.), without reference to any state arbitration statutes. The parties
agree that, in connection with any such arbitration proceeding, each shall submit or file any claim that would constitute a
compulsory counterclaim (as defined by Rule 13 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure) within the same proceeding as
the claim to which it relates. Any such claim that is not submitted or filed in such proceeding shall be barred. The
arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in the city where we then have our principal place of business in accordance
with the then-current commercial arbitration rules of the AAA, except the parties shall be entitled to limited discovery at
the discretion of the arbitrator(s) who may, but are not required to, allow depositions. The parties acknowledge that the
arbitrators’ subpoena power is not subject to geographic limitations. The arbitration proceedings shall be conducted on
an individual basis and not on a multi-plaintiff, consolidated, collective or class-wide basis. The foregoing sentence is an
integral provision of the arbitration procedures set forth in this paragraph, and may not be severed therefrom,
notwithstanding Section 11.01 of this Agreement. If such sentence is determined to be invalid or unenforceable in
connection with a particular controversy, dispute, or claim, then this Section 10.01 shall be stricken from this Agreement
and neither party shall be deemed to have consented to arbitration of such controversy, dispute, or claim.
The arbitrator(s) shall have the right to award the relief that he or she deems proper, consistent with the terms
of this Agreement, including compensatory damages (with interest on unpaid amounts from date due), specific
performance, injunctive relief, legal fees and costs. The award and decision of the arbitrator(s) shall be conclusive and
binding on all parties, and judgment upon the award may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Any right to
contest the validity or enforceability of the award shall be governed exclusively by the United States Arbitration Act.
10.02
Jurisdiction. Subject to Section 10.01, you and your Owners irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of
the courts of the State of Missouri in any suit, action or proceeding, arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any
other dispute between you and us, and you irrevocably agree that all claims in respect of any such suit, action or proceeding
must be brought and/or defended therein except with respect to matters that are under the jurisdiction of the Federal
Courts of the United States, which shall be brought and/or defended in the Federal District Court sitting in St. Louis,
Missouri. You irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent you may lawfully do so, the defense of an inconvenient forum to
the maintenance of such suit, action or proceeding and agree that service of process for purposes of any such suit, action
or proceeding need not be personally served or served within the State of Missouri but may be served with the same effect
as if you were served within the State of Missouri, by certified mail or any other means permitted by law addressed to you
at the address set forth herein. Nothing contained herein shall affect our rights to bring a suit, action or proceeding in any
other appropriate jurisdiction, including any suit, action or proceeding brought by us to enforce any judgment against you
entered by a State or Federal Court.
10.03
Survival. The provisions of this Section 10 shall continue in full force and effect subsequent to and
notwithstanding expiration or termination of this Agreement.
11.

MISCELLANEOUS.

11.01
Severability and Substitution of Provisions. Every part of this Agreement shall be considered
severable. If for any reason any part of this Agreement is held to be invalid, that determination shall not impair the other
parts of this Agreement. If any covenant herein, which restricts competitive activity, is deemed unenforceable by virtue
of its scope or in terms of geographic area, type of business activity prohibited and/or length of time, but could be rendered
enforceable by reducing any part or all of it, you and we agree that it will be enforced to the fullest extent permissible
under applicable law and public policy.
If any applicable law requires a greater prior notice of the termination than is required hereunder, a different
standard of “good cause” to terminate this Agreement or the taking of some other action not required hereunder, the prior
notice, the “good cause” standard and/or the other action required by such law shall be substituted for the comparable
provisions hereof. If any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, we have the right,
in our sole discretion, to modify such invalid or unenforceable provision to the extent required to make it valid and
enforceable.

14
April 2025

