Panera 2025 FDD (8)

controlling interest in (i) Stumptown Coffee Corp., the owner and operator of 9 Stumptown Coffee Roasters® retail coffee stores and 2
licensed stores as of December 31, 2024, and (ii) Intelligentsia Coffee Inc., the owner and operator of 15 Intelligentsia® retail coffee stores
and no licensed store as of December 31, 2022. The principal business address of Stumptown Coffee Corp. is 100 SE Salmon, Portland,
Oregon 97214. The principal business address of Intelligentsia Coffee Inc. is 1850 West Fulton Street, Chicago, Illinois 60612.
Pret Intermediate Company, Inc. (“Pret”), a Delaware corporation, which is the parent company for the Pret group, for which Pret
A Manger (Europe) Ltd, a UK company, is the main operating entity. Pret operates fresh food and coffee retail shops in several markets
around the world, primarily under the “Pret A Manger” and “Pret” brands as well as limited numbers of Petit Pret shop formats. The business
was founded in 1986 in the UK. In addition to company owned shops, Pret has franchised the use of the “Pret A Manger” marks to third
parties that sell its products through retail stores. Pret’s principal place of business is 75B, 10 Bressenden Place, London, SW1E 5DH, United
Kingdom. Pret operates in several markets, and as of December 31, 2024, Pret operated 408 company owned shops and had 309 franchised
shops.
Jacobs Douwe Egberts BR Comercialização de Cafés Ltda., a Brazilian entity (“JDE Brazil”), franchises “Café do Ponto” and “Casa
Pilao” retail coffee stores through a master franchise agreement in Brazil. These stores sell coffees, teas, baked goods, sandwiches, and other
beverages and food products. The principal business address of JDE Brazil is Av. Tamboré, 267, Loja 14, Térreo, CEP. 06460-000, Barueri,
Estado de São Paulo, Brazil. According to information publicly available online, as of December 31, 2024, there were approximately 44
subfranchised “Café do Ponto” locations and approximately 16 “Casa Pilao” subfranchised locations in operation in Brazil. JDE Brazil
began operating and franchising “Café do Ponto” stores franchises in 1998, although it no longer operates any “Café do Ponto” and “Casa
Pilao” coffee stores and only grants unit franchises through its sole master franchisee. JDE Brazil has not sold franchises in any other line of
business.
None of the above affiliated companies provide products or services to you.
D.

THE FRANCHISE

We offer to qualified persons the right to develop multiple Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes within a specific geographic area (the
“Development Area”) under our standard form area development agreement (the “Area Development Agreement” or “ADA”). A copy of
the Area Development Agreement is attached as Exhibit A. The Area Development Agreement requires you to open an agreed-upon number
of Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes under a Development Schedule.
You must sign our then-current form of franchise agreement (the “Franchise Agreement”) for each Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe you
open. Each Franchise Agreement will grant you the right to own and operate a single Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe at an agreed-upon location
and will require you to sell to us, at our option, your Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe at a defined purchase price in the event that you fail to meet
our established operational standards or upon the occurrence of certain other events as described in the Purchase Option Addendum to the
Franchise Agreement. A copy of our current form of Franchise Agreement is attached as Exhibit B.
A franchisee of Panera will specialize in the retail sale of daily baked goods, including a variety of freshly baked bagels, muffins,
scones, rolls and sweet goods, made-to-order sandwiches and flatbreads on freshly baked breads, hearty, unique soups, pasta dishes, freshly
prepared and hand-tossed salads, and custom roasted coffees and cafe beverages, such as hot or cold espresso and cappuccino drinks and
smoothies, as well as other menu items and merchandise related to the Panera Bread concept as we may authorize from time to time. Panera
Bread Bakery-Cafes will normally provide carry-out service and seating, emphasizing a more special dining experience than that offered by
traditional fast food restaurants. Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes may also be authorized to provide offsite catering services within a designated
geographic area (See Item 12 for details). Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes compete in several segments of the restaurant business: breakfast, “AM
chill”, lunch, “PM chill”, dinner, and take home, through both on-premise sales and offsite Panera Catering and offsite small order delivery.
You must offer for sale all products and services Panera designates, unless you obtain our prior written approval not to carry certain items
or provide certain services. To support its Bakery-Cafes in servicing catering markets, Panera operates catering-only units, referred to as
delivery hubs. Panera may offer franchisees the opportunity to develop and operate delivery hubs in its discretion. We may grant you a nonexclusive right to provide offsite catering and/or delivery services for certain food products we may authorize from time to time within a
geographical area around your Bakery-Cafe that we may designate from time to time.
We offer two types of Bakery-Cafes: a “Core” Bakery-Cafe and a “Small Box” Bakery-Cafe. A Core Bakery-Cafe is the larger of the
two formats, targeting 3,200 to 3,500 sq ft. It provides the traditional Panera experience with approximately 50-60 seats, RPU shelving, a
bakery case and can support all sales channels (retail, to go, delivery, catering and drive thru). Core Bakery-Cafes may be in a stand alone or
endcap location as well as some larger settings such as in hospitals and universities. Small Box Bakery-Cafes are smaller than Core BakeryCafes, typically ranging from 2,400 to 2,800 sq ft., and seating approximately 40-50, but similar to Core Bakery-Cafes include RPU shelving,
a bakery case and can support all sales channels (retail, to go, delivery, catering and drive thru). Small Box Bakery-Cafes may be at a stand

April 2025 Panera FDD

3

