Panera 2025 FDD (146)

To facilitate the execution of this Agreement by geographically separated parties, it may be executed in two or
more counterparts, all of which shall constitute one agreement. The execution by one party of any counterpart shall be
sufficient execution by that party whether or not the same counterpart has been executed by any other party. This
Agreement shall become effective when each party has signed at least one counterpart. All facsimile, scanned or electronic
executions (e.g., DocuSign) shall be treated as originals for all purposes.
The headings of Sections are for convenience only and do not limit or construe their contents. The word
"including" shall be construed to include the words "without limitation." The term "Franchisee" or "you" is applicable to
one or more persons, a corporation, limited liability company or a partnership and its owners, as the case may be. If
obligations and liabilities to us shall be joint and several. References to a controlling interest in an entity shall mean more
than fifty percent (50%) of the equity or voting control of such entity.
19.10. Approvals and Consents. Whenever this Agreement requires the approval or consent of either party,
the other party shall make written request therefor, and such approval or consent shall be obtained in writing; provided
however, unless specified otherwise in this Agreement, such party may withhold approval or consent, for any reason or
for no reason at all. Furthermore, unless specified otherwise in this Agreement, no such approval or consent shall be
deemed to constitute a warranty or representation of any kind, express or implied, and the approving or consenting party
shall have no responsibility, liability or obligation arising therefrom.
19.11. Notices and Payments. All notices, requests and reports permitted or required to be delivered by this
Agreement shall be deemed delivered: (a) at the time delivered by hand to the recipient party or any officer, director or
partner of the recipient party; (b) one (1) business day after transmission by facsimile, or other electronic system, if the
sender has confirmation of successful transmission, or the same day it is sent by facsimile or email if the sender has a
confirmation of receipt on that same day; (c) 1 business day after being placed in the hands of a commercial courier service
for guaranteed overnight delivery, or (d) five (5) business days after placement in the United States Mail by Registered or
Certified Mail, Return Receipt Requested, postage prepaid and addressed to the party to be notified at its most current
principal business address of which the notifying party has been notified in writing. All notices to us must include a copy
to our General Counsel and our Chief Financial Officer to be effective. All payments and reports required by this
Agreement shall be sent to us at the address identified in this Agreement unless and until a different address has been
designated by written notice. No restrictive endorsement on any check or in any letter or other communication
accompanying any payment shall bind us, and our acceptance of any such payment shall not constitute an accord and
satisfaction.
19.12. Large Franchisee. You acknowledge that Franchisee meets or exceeds the thresholds for the “large
franchisee” exemption under the Federal Trade Commission Franchise Rule, which, as of the date of this Agreement, are
set at a minimum of five (5) years of business experience and a net worth in excess of $7,348,000.
[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

34

April 2025

