Panera 2025 FDD (207)

licenses multiplied by the current Fees, which is subject to change as described herein. Panera may invoice parts
of an Order separately.
2.5
Fee Increase. Panera reserves the right to increase Fees. Panera will give Franchisee written notice of any
increase in Fees at least sixty (60) days prior to such increase taking effect.
2.6
Expenses. In addition to any applicable Fees, Franchisee shall reimburse Panera for all expenses incurred
in performing its obligations under this Agreement, such as incidental and travel expenses in accordance with
Panera’s then-current Travel and Expense Policy. All expenses will be invoiced to Franchisee at Panera’s cost.
2.7
Reconnection Fee. Panera may impose a reconnection fee if any Panera Software or Third-Party Products
are suspended or terminated through no fault of Panera or the Authorized Third Party, and Franchisee
subsequently requests access to or reestablishment of such Panera Software or Third Party Products.
2.8
Taxes. All Fees are exclusive of taxes which may be imposed on Panera or Franchisee for the sale, provision
or use of the Offerings under this Agreement or an Order. Franchisee will pay all such taxes, except for Panera’s
U.S. federal and state income tax and Panera’s personal property tax. Panera shall not be liable for taxes based
on Franchisee’s net income, items of tax preference, net worth, capital stock, franchise, property or conduct of
business, or similarly-based taxes. Franchisee shall pay all taxes collected from Panera to the appropriate taxing
authority. Franchisee, and not Panera, shall be obligated to pay any applicable taxes not so invoiced to Panera for
corresponding Services, including without limitation, any and all interest, penalties and attorneys’ fees. Panera
shall be entitled to contest, pursuant to applicable law and at its own expense, any taxes it is ultimately obligated
to pay, and Franchisee shall reasonably cooperate with any such contest.
2.9
Payment. All payments owed by Franchisee to Panera will be made in U.S. currency. Unless otherwise
agreed to by Panera in writing in each instance: (a) all Fees and expenses owed to Panera are non-refundable; and
(b) Franchisee shall establish a designated bank account pursuant to the Services Authorization Sweep form
executed by the Parties before or after the Effective Date of this Agreement. Panera shall be entitled to withdraw
from Franchisee’s designated bank account all amounts due to Panera under this Agreement. All costs and
expenses of establishing and maintaining such designated account, including transaction fees and wire transfer
fees, shall be paid by Franchisee and not Panera. Upon execution of this Agreement and at any other time during
the Term (as defined below) upon Panera’s request, Franchisee will execute Panera’s then-current sweep
authorization form. Any sum not available for withdrawal by Panera from the designated account or otherwise
when due will bear interest until paid at a rate of 1.5% per month (18% per annum) or the maximum rate
permitted by law, whichever is less. If any amount is not available or paid when due hereunder, in addition to any
other remedies it may have under this Agreement and otherwise, Panera will be entitled to suspend provision of
the applicable Offerings and to recover from Franchisee the related costs and expenses incurred in connection
with collecting all outstanding amounts (including reasonable costs of investigation and attorneys’ fees).
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, all rights granted to Franchisee in connection with
this Agreement are contingent upon Franchisee’s satisfaction of its payment obligations under the applicable
Order.
3. TERM AND TERMINATION.
3.1
Term. The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will continue for a period of two
(2) years from the Effective Date hereof (the “Initial Term”). Thereafter, this Agreement shall automatically extend
for additional consecutive two (2) year renewals thereafter (each, a “Renewal Term” and, together with the Initial
Term, the “Term”) unless either Party provides written notice of non-renewal to the other Party at least sixty (60)
days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or then-current Renewal Term, subject to earlier termination as set
forth in this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any outstanding PO or SOW in effect as of the expiration
of a Term shall remain in effect for the duration of such PO or SOW unless otherwise terminated as provided
herein or therein. For the avoidance of doubt, under no circumstances should the term of this Agreement extend
beyond the expiration of the Franchisee’s last remaining Franchise Agreement.
5

