Panera 2025 FDD (177)

ARTICLE 10
Indemnification
Section 10.1.
Corporation

Indemnification in Proceedings Other Than Actions by, or in the Right of, the

The Corporation will indemnify any person who was or is a party to any proceedings (other than an action by,
or in the right of, the Corporation), by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director, officer, employee, or agent of
the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, committee member, officer, employee
or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise against liability incurred in connection
with such proceeding, including any appeal thereof, if the indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he or she
reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal
action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful.
Section 10.2.
Corporation

Indemnification of Persons Parties to a Proceeding by or in the Right of the

The Corporation will indemnify any person who was or is a party to any proceeding by or in the right of the
Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director, officer, employee,
or agent of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as the director, officer, employee or
agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses and amounts paid in
settlement not exceeding, in the judgment of the Board of Directors, the estimated expense of litigating the proceeding to
conclusion, actually and reasonably incurred in connection with the defense or settlement of such proceeding, including
any appeal thereof. Such indemnification may be authorized if such person acted in good faith and in a manner he or she
reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the Corporation. Provided, however, that no
indemnification may be made hereunder in respect of any claim, issue, or matter as to which such person has been adjudged
to be liable, unless, and only to the extent that, the court in which such proceeding was brought, or any other court of
competent jurisdiction, determines upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability, but in view of all
circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which such court
deems proper.
Section 10.3.

Mandatory Indemnification

To the extent that a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation has been successful on the merits or
otherwise in defense of any proceeding referred to in Sections 10.1 and 10.2 above, or in defense of any claim, issue or
matter therein, he or she must be indemnified against expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in
connection therewith.
Section 10.4.

Authorization of Indemnification is Required

Any indemnification under Sections 10.1 and 10.2, unless pursuant to a determination by a court, may be made
by the Corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the director,
officer, employee, or agent is proper in the circumstances because he or she has met the applicable standard of conduct
set forth in Section 10.1 or 10.2. Such determination must be made pursuant to any procedures outlined by the Act, if
any.
Section 10.5.

Additional Conditions to Indemnification

The Board, by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the action, suit or
proceeding to which the indemnification relates, may impose such additional conditions upon any form of indemnification
as the Board may deem appropriate, including, but not limited to, the right to assume the defense in appropriate
circumstances, the right to select the attorney representing the indemnified person and the right to settle.
Section 10.6.

Prepayment of Expenses

11

