Panera 2025 FDD (50)

Franchise Agreement.
If it becomes advisable at any time for us and/or you to modify or discontinue use of any patent or copyright and/or use one or
more additional or substitute patents or copyrights, you must comply with our directions within a reasonable time after notice. You must
bear all costs and expenses applicable to your Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe should we decide to modify the patents or copyrights or use
additional or substitute patents or copyrights. We will have no liability or obligation whatsoever with respect to any such required
modification or discontinuance of any patent or copyright or the promotion of an additional or substitute patent or copyright.
You must immediately notify us of any apparent infringement of or challenge to your use of any patent or copyright, or claim by
any person of any rights to any patent or copyright, and you must not communicate with any person other than your legal counsel, us,
Pumpernickel and our respective legal counsel in connection with any infringement, challenge or claim. Pumpernickel will have sole
discretion to take any action it deems appropriate and will have the right to control exclusively any litigation or USPTO or other administrative
proceeding arising out of any infringement, challenge or claim or otherwise relating to any patent or copyright. You must sign any and all
instruments and documents, provide assistance and do all acts and things as, in the opinion of our or Pumpernickel’s legal counsel, may be
necessary or advisable to protect Pumpernickel’s interests in any litigation or USPTO or other administrative proceeding or otherwise to
protect its interests in the patents and copyrights.
We are not obligated to indemnify you against, or reimburse you for, any damages for which you are held liable in any proceeding
arising out of your authorized use of any patent or copyright under the Franchise Agreement. Neither are we obligated to reimburse you for
any costs you incur in defending any claim brought against you, your Owners or Affiliates or any proceeding in which you are named as a
party. In addition to all other rights we may have for unauthorized use of a patent or copyright, you must reimburse us for any damages,
liability or expenses incurred by us arising out of your use of a patent or copyright in an unauthorized manner.
Area Development Agreement.
The Area Development Agreement does not grant you the right to use any of the patents or copyrights. Your right to use the
patents and copyrights is derived solely from the Franchise Agreements you enter into with us.
SHS Services Agreement.
We will defend you against any claims arising from a third-party claim that the software, services or deliverables under the SHS
Services Agreement infringe upon or misappropriates the intellectual property rights of any such third party. In such instance, we shall have
the right to require that you cease all use of the affected software, services and/or deliverables and, if requested by us, return the same to us.
Our obligations to defend you may be limited in several instances, including without limitation as further detailed in Section 17.1 of the
Franchisee Master Agreement for Software, Hardware and Support Services attached as Exhibit E to this Disclosure Document, and also
generally related to your failure to comply with the specifications for, or the misuse of, the software or deliverables. Our obligations extend
only to the defense of claims and exclude any obligation to indemnify you or hold you harmless. We have no obligations with respect to
claims relating to hardware.

April 2025 Panera FDD

45

