Panera 2025 FDD (52)

ITEM 16

RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL

Franchise Agreement.
You must sell all food, beverage, other products, merchandise and services that we determine from time to time to be appropriate
for your Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe. We may, in our discretion, establish certain marketing programs, including limited time offers, with
which you must participate. We will not refund or exchange any unused products shipped to you in connection with these marketing
programs. You are not restricted as to the customers whom you may serve at the Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe.
Your Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe will not be permitted to offer any products or services (including promotional items) we have not
authorized for Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes without our prior written approval. We have the right to change the types of authorized goods
and services, and there are no limits on our right to make changes. You may not use your Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe for any purpose other
than the operation of a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe in compliance with the Franchise Agreement.
Panera-owned Bakery-Cafes participate in charitable endeavors, such as providing left over products to the homeless through
homeless shelters and food banks, and you are encouraged to participate in charitable and community activities. Because of the importance
of maintaining quality and freshness, you are to sell baked goods the same day they are baked.
You must at all times maintain an inventory of approved food products, beverages, ingredients and other products sufficient in
quantity, quality and variety to realize your Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe's full potential.
We may conduct market research to determine consumer trends and salability of new food products and services. You must
participate in our market research programs by test marketing new food products and services in your Bakery-Cafe and providing us with
timely reports and other relevant information regarding such market research. You must purchase a reasonable quantity of such test products
and make a reasonable effort to sell them. You may be required to enter into a test agreement, which will outline all requirements for the
testing. All test requirements, processes and procedures must be adhered to as outlined by us. Any applicable costs (smallwares, product,
media or costs for any associated marketing activities) will be your responsibility, and you must provide complete data statistics on the test
for our review and evaluation.
Area Development Agreement.
The Area Development Agreement contains no provisions restricting the goods and services you may offer. However, with respect
to each Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe developed under the Area Development Agreement, you will be subject to the restrictions on goods and
services contained in our then-current standard Franchise Agreement. The restrictions in our current Franchise Agreement are set out above.

[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY]

April 2025 Panera FDD

47

