Panera 2025 FDD (127)

business or advertising practice which may be injurious to our business, to the business of other Panera Bread BakeryCafes or to the goodwill associated with the Marks.
9.07.
Personnel. Your Bakery-Cafe must at all times be under the direct, on premises supervision of a general
or assistant manager or a shift supervisor who has completed and graduated from a certified training program and must
be staffed by a sufficient number of competent hourly associates who are successful graduates of the appropriate certified
training programs. You (or your Operating Partner) at all times must remain active in overseeing the operations of your
Bakery-Cafe. If the relationship with your Operating Partner terminates, you must promptly hire a successor Operating
Partner. Any successor Operating Partner must meet our approval and must successfully complete our training program.
You are solely responsible for all employment decisions with respect to your Personnel, including hiring, firing,
compensation, training, supervision and discipline, and regardless whether you receive advice from us on any of these
subjects.
9.08.
Insurance. You must maintain in force: (a) commercial general and product liability insurance; (b) all
risk property insurance, including fire and extended coverage, vandalism and malicious mischief insurance for the
replacement value of your Bakery-Cafe and its contents with a minimum of six months of business interruption coverage;
(c) commercial auto liability insurance covering owned, borrowed, hired and non-owned autos; (d) statutory workers’
compensation/employer’s liability insurance; and (e) such other insurance policies as we may determine from time to time.
All insurance policies must: (1) be issued by carriers licensed to do business in the state with an AM Best rating of A-VIII
or higher or otherwise approved by us; (2) contain such types and minimum amounts of coverage, exclusions and
maximum deductibles as we prescribe from time to time; (3) name us and our Affiliates as additional insureds; (4) provide
for thirty (30) days' prior written notice to us of any material modification, cancellation or expiration of such policy; (5)
include a waiver of subrogation; and (6) include such other provisions as we may require from time to time. Your insurance
must apply on a primary and non-contributory basis. Any assumption of risk not covered by a third party insurance policy
or a qualified self-insured program must also be approved by us.
You must furnish us with such evidence of insurance coverage on an annual basis and payment of premiums as
we may request. If you fail or refuse to maintain any required insurance coverage, or to furnish satisfactory evidence
thereof, we, at our option and in addition to our other rights and remedies hereunder, may obtain such insurance coverage
on your behalf. If we do so, you must fully cooperate with us in our effort to obtain such insurance policies and pay us
any costs and premiums we incur.
Your obligation to maintain insurance coverage is not diminished in any manner by reason of any separate
insurance we may choose to maintain, nor does it relieve you of your obligations under Section 17.02.
9.09.
Quality Control. We may, in our sole discretion, establish quality control programs, including food
safety programs, “secret shopper” programs, Interactive Voice Response (“IVR”) Customer Satisfaction Measurement
programs and/or “customer intercept” programs, to ensure the highest quality of service and food products in all Panera
Bread Bakery-Cafes. You shall participate in any such quality control programs and bear your pro-rata share, as determined
by us in our sole discretion, of the costs of any such program. We reserve the right to publish or disclose to other
franchisees, in any manner or format that we deem appropriate in our sole discretion, any information that we collect,
produce or maintain in connection with such quality control programs. We also reserve the right to publish or disclose to
third parties in an aggregate anonymous format any information that we collect, produce or maintain in connection with
such quality control programs.
9.10.
Test Marketing. We may conduct market research to determine consumer trends and salability of
new food products and services. You agree to cooperate by participating in our market research programs by test
marketing new food products and services in your Bakery-Cafe and providing us timely reports and other relevant
information regarding such market research. You must purchase a reasonable quantity of such test products and make a
reasonable effort to sell them. In the event you are approved to participate in any operations or marketing tests, including
the testing of any product, program or media activity, you may be required to enter into a test agreement which will outline
all requirements for the testing. All test requirements, processes and procedures must be adhered to as outlined by us.
Any applicable costs (smallwares, product, media or costs for any associated marketing activities) will be your
responsibility, and you must provide complete data statistics on the test for our review and evaluation.
9.11.
Retail Pricing. We may offer guidance to you relating to prices for products and services offered and
sold at your Bakery-Cafe that in our judgment constitute good business practice. You will not enter into any agreement

15

April 2025

