Panera 2025 FDD (128)

or arrangement or engage in any concerted practice with competitors relating to prices at which products or services will
be sold by you or by such competitors.
9.12.
Customer Data. All information, mailing lists and data bases of Customer Data from whatever source
derived, shall, at our request, and in any event when provided by you to us, be our property. You agree not to use such
information, except in connection with the operation of your Bakery-Cafe in accordance with this Agreement. You agree
not to use, process, copy, display, publish, store or transfer the Customer Data without our approval. You agree to comply
with all applicable laws with respect to Customer Data; in addition, you agree to comply with all data privacy and security
requirements we may establish from time to time and to exert commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the unauthorized
use, dissemination, or publication of Customer Data, subject in all instances to applicable laws. You shall promptly notify
us if you become aware of or suspect any unauthorized access to the Customer Data, or if you become the subject of any
governmental, regulatory, or other enforcement or private proceeding relating to your data handling practices of Customer
Data.
9.13.
Credit Cards. It is your responsibility to maintain and report your PCI compliance, which encompasses
operational policies and practices as well as networks and POS systems hardware/software used to process credit card
transactions, as well as attesting that you are abiding by (i) the Payment Card Industry (“PCI”) Data Security Standards
enacted by the applicable Card Associations (as they may be modified from time to time or as successor standards are
adopted); and (ii) all other security standards and guidelines that may be published from time to time by payment card
companies and/or enacted by law, and are applicable to customer credit card and debit card information. If you know or
suspect a security breach, you must immediately notify both your credit card transaction acquirer and Panera. You assume
all responsibility for providing notice of breach or compromise, along with duties and costs associated with fraudulent
transactions, penalties, and ongoing fees for monitoring customer credit card histories and/or transactions for affected
customers of your Bakery-Cafe.
10.

MARKETING AND ADVERTISING.

10.01. National Advertising Fund (NAF). We may, in our sole discretion, establish and administer a
National Advertising Fund (“NAF”) for the creation and development of marketing, advertising and related programs and
materials, including electronic, print and Internet media as well as the planning and purchasing of national and/or regional
network advertising. You must contribute to the NAF amounts that we establish from time to time, up to two and six
tenths percent (2.6%) of Net Sales, payable on the first business day following the immediately preceding Reporting Period
together with the Royalty Fees due hereunder. At our discretion, NAF contributions may be electronically drafted from
the designated account referred to in Section 6.04 hereof. We reserve the right to collect annual contributions to the NAF
at any time of the year and may do so retroactively for periods of the calendar year that have already lapsed (if we change
the contribution rate anytime during the year). Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes owned by us and our Affiliates shall contribute
to the NAF on the same basis as the then-current rate for franchisees. We reserve the right to change the two and six
tenths percent (2.6%) maximum limit on NAF contributions (as well as the maximum limits on Local Advertising Funds
and the Marketing Administration Fee contributions) in the future by gaining an approval vote by either (i) sixty six percent
(66%) of all then existing company and franchised Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes or (ii) fifty one percent (51%) of all then
existing franchised Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes. Voting will be accomplished through a system of one vote per eligible
Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe. The NAF that has been approved in accordance with the terms of this Section 10.01 is
currently three and twenty-six hundredths percent (3.26%) of Net Sales.
The NAF will be accounted for separately from our other funds. All disbursements from the NAF shall be made
first from income and then from contributions. While our intent is to balance the NAF on an annual basis, from time to
time the NAF may run at either a surplus or deficit. We may spend in any fiscal year an amount greater or less than the
aggregate contributions of all Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes to the NAF in that year, and the NAF may borrow from us or
other lenders to cover deficits in the NAF or cause the NAF to invest any surplus for future use by the NAF. We will
prepare annually a statement of funds collected and costs incurred by the NAF and furnish a copy to you upon your
written request. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Section 10.01, we assume no direct or indirect liability or
obligation with respect to the maintenance, direction or administration of the NAF. We do not act as trustee or in any
other fiduciary capacity with respect to the NAF.
Although the NAF is intended to maximize general recognition of the Marks and patronage of Panera Bread
Bakery-Cafes for the benefit of all Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes, we cannot assure you that any particular Panera Bread
Bakery-Cafe will benefit directly or pro-rata from the placement of advertising. Additionally, we reserve the right to define,
at any time, the measurement terms for any media coverage. The NAF may be used to pay for the cost of preparing and
16

April 2025

