Panera 2025 FDD (183)

then-existing Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes you and your Affiliates own. We will evaluate such financial and management capabilities
in accordance with the then-current standards we use to establish Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes in other comparable market areas.
(c) Execution of Franchise Agreement. If we determine to grant any rights to operate any Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe hereunder, we
will do so by issuing Panera’s then-current form of standard franchise agreement, together with all standard ancillary documents
(including exhibits, addendum, riders, collateral assignments of leases, Principal Owner guarantees and other related documents)
that we then customarily use in granting franchises for the operation of Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes (the “Franchise Agreement”).
In such event;
(i) You and your Owners shall execute and return the Franchise Agreement and pay the initial franchise fee at
the closing of the transaction under this Agreement, but no earlier than five (5) business days after we deliver
it to you. If we do not receive the fully executed Franchise Agreement and payment of the initial franchise
fee as required hereunder, we may revoke our offer to grant you a franchise to operate a Panera Bread
Bakery-Cafe at the proposed location and may revoke our offer to sell you the proposed location.
Concurrently with your execution and delivery to us of each Franchise Agreement, you and your Owners
and Affiliates must, except to the extent limited or prohibited by applicable law, execute and deliver to us a
general release in form and substance satisfactory to us, of any and all claims against us, our Affiliates and
shareholders, members, officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and assigns; and
(ii) The initial franchise fee payable for each proposed Bakery-Cafe pursuant to this Agreement shall be Thirty
Five Thousand Dollars ($35,000.00), payable at the closing of the transactions under this Agreement, and
the royalty fees shall not exceed the percentage set forth in our standard form franchise agreement being
offered as of the date of this Agreement.
4.
Lease or Purchase and Sale Agreement - At closing, you will enter into a sublease for the proposed location (the “Lease”).
The Lease will be on the standard form then used by Panera. The base rent payable under the Lease will be a pass through of the
base rent payable by Panera under the underlying lease for the premises. The Lease will be a “triple net lease” which means that
any and all additional rent, taxes, common area maintenance and other costs and charges will be passed through, dollar for dollar,
to you and must be paid by you. The Lease will be subject and subordinate to all of the terms and conditions of the underlying
lease between Panera and the property owner of the premises. Panera may also, at its discretion, at any time at or after closing, elect
to assign the underlying lease for the premises to you. If Panera makes such election, you agree to enter into an assignment and
assumption agreement on the form then used by Panera which will include a collateral assignment and an obligations by you to
assume all obligations of the tenant under the underlying lease and to defend and indemnify Panera from and against any and all
cost, expenses or damages arising from any breach of the tenant’s obligations under the underlying lease. The signatories to the
Lease and to any assignment and assumption of the underlying lease must be exactly the same as the individuals and\or entities that
are signatories to the Franchise Agreement and any guaranty of the Franchise Agreement.
If the Offer contemplates a land purchase rather than a lease, you will enter a Purchase and Sale Agreement with Panera promptly
after your acceptance of the Offer. The Purchase and Sale Agreement will be on the standard from then used by Panera, and will
incorporate the terms and conditions of the Offer.
5.
Development of the Premises - Panera will develop and equip the proposed Bakery-Cafe as a typical Panera Bread BakeryCafe in accordance with its then current design and construction standards and specifications as applied by Panera to the proposed
location, in its sole discretion. Panera will consult with you before finalizing its design and construction plans for the proposed
location.
6.
Furniture, Fixtures and Equipment - Title to all furniture, fixture and equipment will be transferred to you upon payment
in full of the Purchase Price. All equipment will be new and, to the extent permitted will be guaranteed by the manufacturer under
the manufacturer’s standard warranty, if any. The assets to be purchased do not include any small wares, food, merchandise or
paper goods inventory all of which will be provided by you. At closing, Panera will execute a bill of sale for the furniture, fixtures
and equipment which will be held in escrow by Panera and released to Franchisee upon payment in full of the Purchase Price. ALL
FURNITURE, FIXTURES AND EQUIPMENT SHALL BE TRANSFERRED WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY
AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
7.
Panera may rescind any offer of a proposed location made under this Agreement at any time if Panera is unable to enter
into a lease for the proposed location, or is unable to obtain any necessary permit or other third party approval to develop and
3
April 2025

