Panera 2025 FDD (87)

hereto as Exhibit D. Each Owner must be an individual acting in his/her individual capacity, except as otherwise approved
by us.
4.03
Operating Partner/Management of Business. You must designate in Exhibit B as the “Operating
Partner” an individual approved by us who must: (a) own and control, or have the right to own and control (subject to
terms and conditions reasonably acceptable to us), not less than a 10% interest in your equity; (b) have the authority to
bind you regarding all communications with us and operational decisions with respect to your Bakery-Cafes; and (c) have
completed our training program to our satisfaction.
Your Operating Partner: (a) shall exert his/her full-time and best efforts to the development and operation of all
Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes you own; and (b) may not engage in any other business or activity, directly or indirectly, that
requires substantial management responsibility or time commitments or otherwise may conflict with your obligations
hereunder. You agree to provide us with copies of any arrangement, agreement or contract, and all amendments thereto,
relating to your relationship with your Operating Partner. We shall have no responsibility, liability or obligation to any
party to any such arrangement, agreement or contract, or any amendments thereto, on account of our review thereof or
otherwise, and you agree to indemnify and hold us harmless with respect thereto. Each of your Bakery-Cafes at all times
must be managed by your Operating Partner or by an on-site general manager, assistant general manager, or shift
supervisor who has completed our training program to our satisfaction.
Prior to opening your first Bakery-Cafe, your Operating Partner and any other personnel who are intended to
have, or who actually have, responsibilities for more than one Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe must complete the appropriate
training program to our satisfaction. Thereafter, subsequently hired personnel must complete the appropriate training
program to our satisfaction before assuming their position.
4.04
Orientation Meetings. We periodically hold an “Owner’s Orientation” and a “Marketing
Orientation”. The “Owner’s Orientation” is to acquaint your Operating Partner with Panera’s System. Your Operating
Partner is required to attend an “Owner’s Orientation” as soon as possible after entering into this Agreement. Your
marketing director, Operating Partner, or other designated member of your organization must also attend at least one
“Marketing Orientation”. They should attend the next “Marketing Orientation” after you enter into this Agreement or
the next meeting after joining your organization.
5.

RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES.

5.01
Independent Contractors. Neither this Agreement nor the dealings of the parties pursuant to this
Agreement shall create any fiduciary relationship or any other relationship of trust or confidence. Franchisor and Area
Developer, as between themselves, are and shall be independent contractors.
You understand and agree that we may operate and change the System and our business in any manner that is
not expressly and specifically prohibited by this Agreement. Whenever we have expressly reserved in this Agreement or
are deemed to have a right and/or discretion to take or withhold an action, or to grant or decline to grant you a right to
take or withhold an action, except as otherwise expressly and specifically provided in this Agreement, we may make our
decision or exercise our right and/or discretion on the basis of our judgment of what is in our best interests, including our
judgment of what is in the best interests of our franchise network, at the time our decision is made or our right or discretion
is exercised, without regard to whether: (a) other reasonable alternative decisions or actions could have been made by us;
(b) our decision or the action we take promotes our financial or other individual interest; (c) our decision or the action we
take applies differently to you and one or more other franchisees or our company-owned operations; or (d) our decision
or the exercise of our right or discretion is adverse to your interests. In the absence of an applicable statute, we will have
no liability to you for any such decision or action. We and you intend that the exercise of our right or discretion will not
be subject to limitation or review. If applicable law implies a covenant of good faith and fair dealing in this Agreement,
we and you agree that such covenant shall not imply any rights or obligations that are inconsistent with a fair construction
of the terms of this Agreement and that this Agreement grants us the right to make decisions, take actions and/or refrain
from taking actions not inconsistent with your rights and obligations hereunder.
Nothing contained in this Agreement, or arising from the conduct of the parties hereunder, is intended to make
either party a general or special agent, joint venturer, partner or employee of the other for any purpose whatsoever. You
must conspicuously identify yourself in all dealings with customers, lessors, contractors, suppliers, public officials,
employees and others as the owner of development rights granted hereunder and must place such other notices of
independent ownership on such forms, business cards, stationery, advertising and other materials as we may require from
time to time.

8
April 2025

