Panera 2025 FDD (174)

A. In General. The officers of the Corporation will have such powers and duties as generally pertain
to their respective offices, including the powers and duties provided by these Bylaws, as well as such powers and
duties as from time to time may be conferred by the Board of Directors.
B. President. The President will:
(1) preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors in the absence of the Chairman of the
Board, if any;
(2) present at each annual meeting of the directors a report of the condition of the business
of the Corporation;
(3) cause to be called regular and special meetings of the directors in accordance with these
Bylaws;
(4) jointly with the Treasurer, sign and make contracts and agreements in the name of the
Corporation;
(5) see that the books, reports, statements and certificates required by statute are properly
kept and filed according to law;
(6) jointly with the Treasurer, sign notes, drafts or bills of exchange, warrants or other orders
for the payment of money duly drawn on behalf of the Corporation;
(7) supervise all employees of the Corporation including the hiring and firing of such
employees as he or she deems advisable; and
(8) jointly with the Treasurer, purchase on behalf of the Corporation, tangible or intangible
assets; and
(9) have general charge of and control over the affairs of the Corporation and perform the
entire duties incident to such position and office, the enforcement of these Bylaws and all other things
which the President is required to do by law.
C. Vice President. The Vice President, if any, will:
(1) in the absence or disability of the President, perform the duties and exercise the powers
of the President; and
(2) perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors may
from time to time prescribe.
D. Secretary. The Secretary will:
(1) prepare the minutes of the meetings of the Board of Directors and keep the minutes in
appropriate permanent books of record;
(2) give and serve all notices of the Corporation;
(3) be the custodian of the records and of the seal, and affix the latter when required, and
authenticate records of the Corporation when required; and
(4) attend to all correspondence and perform all the duties incident to the office of the
Secretary.
E. Treasurer. The Treasurer will:

8

