Panera 2025 FDD (1)

FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT

PANERA, LLC
a Delaware limited liability company
1400 South Highway Drive, Suite 100
Fenton Missouri 63026
(314) 984-1000
www.panerabread.com

The franchise offered is for a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe which will specialize in the retail sale of fresh bakery goods, sandwiches,
soups, salads, custom roasted coffees and other cafe beverages, other menu items and merchandise related to the Panera Bread
concept, as we may authorize from time to time.
The total investment necessary to begin operation of a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe as a “Core” format ranges from $1,434,566 to
$4,651,324 (excluding real estate and related costs, and landlord allowances), including an initial franchise fee of $35,000 and various
initial fees and payments of up to $300,000 payable to us for certain optional development and construction services. The total
investment necessary to begin operation of a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe as a “Small Box” format ranges from $1,266,805 to
$2,567,601 (excluding real estate and related costs, and landlord allowances), including an initial franchise fee of $35,000 and various
initial fees and payments of up to $300,000 payable to us for certain optional development and construction services. If you sign an
area development agreement to develop a number of Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes, you also will have to pay a development fee, the
amount of which will vary, depending on the factors described in Item 5 of this Disclosure Document and maintain initial working
capital of $100,000.
This disclosure document summarizes certain provisions of your franchise agreement and other agreements and information in
plain English. Read this disclosure document and all accompanying agreements carefully. You must receive this disclosure
document at least 14 calendar days before you sign a binding agreement with, or make any payment to, the franchisor or an affiliate
in connection with the franchise sale. Note, however, that no governmental agency has verified the information contained
in this document.
The terms of your contract will govern your franchise relationship. Don’t rely on the disclosure document alone to understand
your contract. Read all of your contract carefully. Show your contract and this disclosure document to an advisor, like a lawyer or
accountant.
You may wish to receive your disclosure document in another format that is more convenient for you. To discuss the availability
of disclosures in different formats, contact panerafranchiseadmin@panerabread.com.
Buying a franchise is a complex investment. The information in this disclosure document can help you make up your mind. More
information on franchising, such as “A Consumer’s Guide to Buying a Franchise,” which can help you understand how to use this
disclosure document, is available from the Federal Trade Commission. You can contact the FTC at 1-877-FTC-HELP or by writing
to the FTC at 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20580. You can also visit the FTC’s home page at www.ftc.gov for
additional information. Call your state agency or visit your public library for other sources of information on franchising.
There may also be laws on franchising in your state. Ask your state agencies about them.
Date of Issuance: April 29, 2025

April 2025 Panera FDD

