Panera 2025 FDD (196)

d. In-Term Covenants. During the term of this Agreement, neither you nor any of your owners may, without
our consent (which consent may be withheld at our discretion): (i) directly or indirectly (such as through a member of
his/her or their immediate families) own any legal or beneficial interest in, or render services or give advice to: (A) any
Competitive Business located anywhere; or (B) any entity located anywhere that grants franchises, licenses or other interests
to others to operate any Competitive Business; or (ii) divert or attempt to divert any business or customer of Panera Bread
Bakery-Cafes to any competitor or do anything injurious or prejudicial to the goodwill associated with the Marks or the
Panera Bread system.
For the purposes of this Agreement, “Competitive Business” shall mean “any retail food establishment (including any
restaurant or bakery) in which any of the following categories constitutes more than twenty percent (20%) of its annual
revenues: (i) bakery goods, breads and other food products for which dough is a significant ingredient or component; (ii)
sandwiches of any kind or nature (including wraps and submarines), soups and/or salads, other than those ordered through
a wait person taking orders at a table (the term “sandwiches” shall not include hamburgers); or (iii) coffee and coffeebased drinks; as well as any business (without regard to revenue) that manufactures, wholesales and/or distributes fresh
or frozen dough or bakery products and any other business that is the same as, or similar to, the Panera Bread BakeryCafe concept as it evolves or changes over time. Restrictions in this Agreement on competitive activities do not apply to:
(a) the ownership or operation of other Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes that are licensed or franchised by us or any of our
affiliates; or (b) the ownership of shares of a class of securities that are listed on a public stock exchange or traded on the
over-the-counter market and that represent less than five percent (5%) of that class of securities.”
12.
Termination for Default. In addition to our right to terminate pursuant to other provisions of this Agreement
or under applicable law, we may terminate this Agreement, effective upon delivery of notice of termination to you if you
or any of your owners or affiliates: (i) fail to pay any amounts payable hereunder when due; (ii) make any unauthorized use
or disclosure of the Confidential Information; (iii) fail to comply with any other provision of this Agreement and do not
correct such failure within thirty (30) days after written notice of such failure to comply is delivered to you; (iv) are in
breach of any franchise agreement or other agreement between you or any of your affiliates and us or any of our affiliates
such that we have the right to terminate such franchise agreement or other agreement whether or not we elect to exercise
our right to terminate the franchise agreement; or (v) if we determine that any applicable federal or state statute, regulation,
rule or law, which is enacted, promulgated or amended after the date hereof, may have a material adverse effect on our
rights, remedies or discretion in franchising Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes. If Panera terminates this Agreement pursuant to
this section, Panera will retain all installments of the Development Fee previously paid by Franchisee
13.

Effect of Termination and Expiration.

a.
Continuing Obligations. All obligations under this Agreement, which expressly or by their nature
survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement, shall continue in full force and effect until they are satisfied in
full or by their nature expire.
b.
Post-Term Covenants. For a period of two (2) years, starting on the effective date of termination,
neither you nor any of your owners shall directly or indirectly (such as through an affiliate or through your or their
immediate families) own a legal or beneficial interest in, or render services or give advice to: (i) any Competitive Business
operating within the [Non-Compete Area] ; (ii) any Competitive Business operating within a radius of five (5) miles of
any Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe in operation or under construction on the effective date of termination or expiration; (iii)
any entity that grants franchises or licenses interests to others to operate any Competitive Business; or (iv) recruit or hire
any person who is an employee of ours or of any Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe operated by us, our affiliates or another
franchisee of ours without obtaining the employer's consent, which consent may be withheld for any reason. You and
each of your owners expressly acknowledge the possession of skills and abilities of a general nature and other opportunities
for exploiting such skills in other ways, so that enforcement of the covenants contained in this section will not deprive any
of you of your personal goodwill or ability to earn a living. If you or any of your owners fail or refuse to abide by any of
the foregoing covenants and we obtain enforcement in a judicial or arbitration proceeding, the obligations under the
breached covenant will continue in effect for a period of time ending two (2) years after the date of the order enforcing
the covenant.
c.
You acknowledge and agree that in the event that this Agreement is terminated for any reason other
than a default by Panera, Panera may at any time thereafter develop and operate or franchise a Bakery-Cafe at the Proposed
Location. Additionally, in the event that this Agreement is terminated for any reason other than a default by Panera,
Panera shall have the right, but not the obligation, to succeed to Franchisee’s right, title and interest in the lease for the

5
April 2025

