Panera 2025 FDD (185)

at all times current, complete and accurate. Each person who is or becomes an Owner or Principal Owner who
has not already done so must execute an agreement in the form we prescribe, undertaking to be bound by the
confidentiality and non-competition covenants contained in this Agreement. Each Owner is an individual acting
in his/her individual capacity, unless we waive this requirement.
(ii) The Operating Partner you have designated in Exhibit A: (i) owns and controls, or has the right to own and
control (subject to terms and conditions reasonably acceptable to us), not less than a ten percent (10%) interest
in your equity; (ii) has the authority to bind you regarding all operational decisions with respect to your Panera
Bread Bakery-Cafes; (iii) has completed our training program to our satisfaction and (iv) has agreed that if
he/she is terminated, for whatever reason, he/she shall not for a period of two (2) years after such termination,
recruit or hire any person who is an employee of yours, ours or any Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe operated by us,
our Affiliates or any franchisee of ours without obtaining the employer's consent, which consent may be withheld
for any reason.
14.

Covenants -

(a) Activities. You (or your Operating Partner): (i) shall exert your full-time and best efforts to the development and
operation of all Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes you own; and (ii) may not engage in any other business or activity, directly or indirectly,
that requires substantial management responsibility or time commitments or otherwise may conflict with your obligations hereunder
or under the Franchise Agreements. You agree to provide us with a copy of any proposed arrangement, agreement or contract,
and all amendments thereto, with your Operating Partner for our prior review and approval, and upon approval thereof, executed
copies thereof. We shall have no responsibility, liability or obligation to any party to any such arrangement, agreement or contract,
or any amendments thereto, on account of our approval thereof or otherwise, and you agree to indemnify and hold us harmless
with respect thereto.
(b) Annual Reports. You shall furnish us: (i) within ninety (90) days after the end of each calendar year, (ii) a consolidated
year-end balance sheet and income statement and statement of cash flow for you and all of your Affiliates that develop, own or
operate Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes, all prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied,
and reflecting all year-end adjustments and accruals; (iii) similar information from all Principal Owners who have executed
guarantees of this Agreement; and (iv) such summaries of financial information as we may require from time to time; and (v) within
thirty (30) days of our request, such other information as we may require from time to time, including income tax statements. All
such reports shall use our then-current standard chart of accounts. You shall execute verification that the information in each such
report and financial statement is complete and accurate. We reserve the right to require that your annual financial statements be
audited, at your expense, by an independent certified public accountant approved by us. We reserve the right to publish or disclose
information that we obtain under this Section in any data compilations, collections, or aggregations that we deem appropriate, in
our sole discretion, so long as we do not disclose information relating to performance of your individual Bakery-Cafes, unless such
disclosure is required by law or order of a court. Additionally, you shall complete and submit to us a franchisee financial qualification
summary in the form designated by us, as it may change from time to time, with your submission.
(c) Ownership of the Marks. You acknowledge and agree that (i) our Affiliate, Pumpernickel Associates, LLC, owns the
Marks and that you are not granted the right under this Agreement to use the Marks; (ii) your right to use the Marks arises solely
from, and is limited to, Franchise Agreements entered into between you and us; (iii) you may not use any Mark (or any abbreviation,
modification or colorable imitation) as part of any corporate or legal business name or in any other manner not explicitly authorized
in writing by us; and (iv) you may not at any time during or after the Term contest, or assist any other person or entity in contesting,
the validity or ownership of any of the Marks. You shall promptly disclose to us all recipes, processes, ideas, concepts, methods,
techniques or materials used or useful to a restaurant, grocery store, bakery-cafe, bakery or dough production business, or other
business offering bakery products, whether or not constituting protectable intellectual property, that you create, or that are created
on your behalf, in connection with the development or operation of your Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes must be promptly disclosed
to us. If we adopt any of them as part of the System, they will be deemed to be our sole and exclusive property and deemed to be
works made-for-hire for us. You agree to sign whatever assignment or other documents we request to evidence our ownership or
to assist us in securing intellectual property rights in such recipes, processes, ideas, concepts, methods, techniques or materials.
(d) Confidential Information. We will disclose parts of our Confidential Information to you solely for your use in
connection with this Agreement and the Franchise Agreements. The Confidential Information is proprietary and includes our trade
secrets and all information relating to our development strategy and development plans for any proposed location. During the
Term and thereafter: (i) you and your Owners may not use the Confidential Information in any other business or capacity (you
acknowledge such use is an unfair method of competition); (ii) you and your Owners shall maintain the confidentiality of the
5
April 2025

