Panera 2025 FDD (186)

Confidential Information; (iii) you and your Owners may not make unauthorized copies of any portion of the Confidential
Information disclosed in written, electronic or other form; and (iv) you and your Owners must implement all reasonable procedures
we prescribe from time to time to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of the Confidential Information, including the use of
nondisclosure agreements with your Owners, officers, directors, Operating Partner, managers, assistant managers, head bakers and
the like, and you and your Owners must deliver such agreements to us. At the end of the Term, you and your Owners must deliver
to us all such Confidential Information in your possession or control, except for such information as you are permitted to retain
pursuant to Franchise Agreements then in effect. Your restrictions on disclosure and use of Confidential Information do not apply
to information or techniques which are or become generally known in the restaurant industry (other than through your own
disclosure), provided you obtain our prior written consent to such disclosure or use.
(e)
In-Term Covenants. During the Term, neither you nor any of your Owners may, without our consent (which consent
may be withheld at our discretion): (i) directly or indirectly (such as through a member of his/her or their Immediate Families) own
any legal or beneficial interest in, or render services or give advice to: (A) any Competitive Business located anywhere; or (B) any
entity located anywhere that grants franchises, licenses or other interests to others to operate any Competitive Business; or (ii) divert
or attempt to divert any business or customer of Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes to any competitor or do anything injurious or prejudicial
to the goodwill associated with the Marks or the System.
15.
Termination for Default - In addition to our right to terminate pursuant to other provisions of this Agreement or under
applicable law, we may terminate this Agreement and terminate and rescind any offer made under this Agreement, effective upon
delivery of notice of termination to you if you or any of your Principal Owners or Affiliates: (i) fail to pay any amounts payable
hereunder when due; (ii) make any unauthorized use or disclosure of the Confidential Information; (iii) fail to comply with any other
provision of this Agreement and do not correct such failure within thirty (30) days after written notice of such failure to comply is
delivered to you; (iv) are in breach of any Franchise Agreement or other agreement between you or any of your Affiliates and us or
any of our Affiliates such that we have the right to terminate such Franchise Agreement or other agreement whether or not we elect
to exercise our right to terminate the Franchise Agreement; or (v) if we determine that any applicable federal or state statute,
regulation, rule or law, which is enacted, promulgated or amended after the date hereof, may have a material adverse effect on our
rights, remedies or discretion in franchising Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes.
16.

Effect of Termination and Expiration -

(a) Continuing Obligations. All obligations under this Agreement, which expressly or by their nature survive the
expiration or termination of this Agreement, shall continue in full force and effect until they are satisfied in full or by their nature
expire.
(b) Post-Term Covenants. For a period of two (2) years, starting on the effective date of termination or expiration,
neither you nor any of your Owners shall directly or indirectly (such as through an Affiliate or through your or their Immediate
Families) own a legal or beneficial interest in, or render services or give advice to: (i) any Competitive Business operating within
the Non-Compete Area; (ii) any Competitive Business operating within a radius of five (5) miles of any Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe
in operation or under construction on the effective date of termination or expiration; (iii) any entity that grants franchises or licenses
interests to others to operate any Competitive Business; or (iv) recruit or hire any person who is an employee of ours or of any
Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe operated by us, our Affiliates or another franchisee of ours without obtaining the employer's consent,
which consent may be withheld for any reason . You and each of your Owners expressly acknowledge the possession of skills and
abilities of a general nature and other opportunities for exploiting such skills in other ways, so that enforcement of the covenants
contained in this section will not deprive any of you of your personal goodwill or ability to earn a living. If you or any of your
Owners fail or refuse to abide by any of the foregoing covenants and we obtain enforcement in a judicial or arbitration proceeding,
the obligations under the breached covenant will continue in effect for a period of time ending two (2) years after the date of the
order enforcing the covenant.
17.

Miscellaneous Provisions -

(a) Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed under the laws of the State of Missouri, provided the foregoing
and any applicable provision in any Franchise Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of your rights under any applicable franchise
law of another state. Otherwise, in the event of any conflict of law Missouri law will prevail, without regard to its conflict of law
principles. However, if any provision of this Agreement would not be enforceable under Missouri law, and if such provision would
be enforceable under the laws of Texas, then such provision shall be construed under the laws of that state. Nothing in this section
is intended to subject this Agreement to any franchise or similar law, rule or regulation of the State of Missouri or any other state
or political subdivision to which it otherwise would not be subject.
6
April 2025

