Panera 2025 FDD (126)

or supplied by an Alternative Approved Supplier, no Approved Supplier will have any obligation to sell you any Other
Food Products while you are purchasing from any Alternative Approved Supplier. If, after commencing purchasing Other
Food Products from an Alternative Approved Supplier, you want the Approved Supplier to resume supplying you with
Other Food Products, we may require you to submit to us an application, in such form as we may determine from time to
time, which we will normally process within thirty (30) days. The Approved Supplier has no obligation to resume supplying
Other Food Products to you, and you may not place an order for such products with the Approved Supplier, until we
have approved your application for resupply.
(d)
Sale and Use of Food Products. You shall sell and/or use Food Products only at the Premises
for sale to retail customers of your Bakery-Cafe. You shall not sell any Food Products to wholesalers or any other party
on a wholesale basis.
9.04.
Purchase of Other Products and Services. You acknowledge and agree that the reputation and
goodwill of Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes are based on, and can be maintained only by the use or sale of distinctive high
quality products and services. Therefore, you agree that your Bakery-Cafe will use and/or offer for sale only products
(other than Food Products), beverages, merchandise, uniforms, packaging materials, POP materials, smallwares, menus,
forms, labels and other supplies and other products and services, including third-party food delivery services, that conform
to our specifications and quality standards and/or are purchased from Approved Distributors or directly from suppliers
approved by us (which may include us and/or any of our Affiliates). We may modify the list of approved brands, Approved
Distributors, or suppliers from time to time in our sole discretion. After notice of such modification, you may not reorder
any brand or reorder from any Approved Distributor or supplier that is no longer approved.
If you propose to use any brand or supplier of products or equipment other than Food Products that is not then
approved by us, you must first notify us and submit sufficient information, specifications and samples concerning such
brand or supplier so that we can decide whether such brand complies with our specifications and standards or such supplier
meets our approved equipment or approved supplier criteria. We have the right to charge reasonable fees to cover our
costs of any such approval process. We will notify you of our decision within a reasonable period of time. We may
prescribe procedures for the submission of requests for approval and impose obligations on suppliers, which we may
require to be incorporated in a written agreement. We may impose limits on the number of suppliers and/or brands for
any of the foregoing items.
You must maintain at all times an inventory of approved products, beverages, and merchandise related to the
Panera Bread concept sufficient in quantity, quality and variety to realize your Bakery-Cafe's full potential.
9.05.
Specifications and Standards. You acknowledge that each and every aspect of the interior and
exterior appearance, layout, decor, services and operation of your Bakery-Cafe is important to us and is subject to our
specifications and standards. Consequently, you agree to comply with all mandatory specifications, standards and
operating procedures and other obligations that we prescribe from time to time in the Policy Manual. More particularly,
you agree to comply with all mandatory specifications, standards and operating procedures, as modified from time to time
relating to the appearance, function, cleanliness or operation of a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe, including: (i) type, quality,
taste, weight, dimensions, ingredients uniformity and manner of preparation, packaging and sale of food products and
beverages; (ii) sale procedures and customer service; (iii) advertising and promotional programs; (iv) qualifications,
appearance, uniforms and dress of employees; (v) safety, maintenance, appearance, cleanliness, sanitation, standards of
service and operation of your Bakery-Cafe; (vi) days and hours of operation; (vii) bookkeeping, accounting and record
keeping systems and forms; (viii) training system for both management and hourly associates; and (ix) product ordering
procedures.
9.06.
Compliance With Laws. You must maintain in force in your name all required license permits and
certificates relating to the operation of your Bakery-Cafe. You must operate your Bakery-Cafe in full compliance with all
applicable laws, ordinances and regulations, including any law, ordinance or regulation relating to terrorist activities. You
must notify us in writing immediately upon: (a) the commencement of any legal or administrative action, or the issuance
of an order of any court, agency or other governmental instrumentality, which may adversely affect the development,
occupancy or operation of your Bakery-Cafe or your financial condition; or (b) the delivery of any notice of violation or
alleged violation of any law, ordinance or regulation, including those relating to health or sanitation at your Bakery-Cafe.
All of your advertising and promotion must be completely factual and must conform to the highest standards of
ethical advertising. In all dealings with us, as well as your Personnel, customers, suppliers, lessors and the public, you must
adhere to the highest standards of honesty, integrity, fair dealing and ethical conduct. You agree to refrain from any
14

April 2025

