Panera 2025 FDD (212)

without limitation, accessing any computer, computer system, network, software, or data without
authorization, breaching the security of another user or system, and/or attempting to circumvent any
User authentication or security process); (b) impersonates any person or entity, including without
limitation any employee or representative of GitLab; (c) includes content, with respect to the use of SaaS
Software, which is illegal or (d) introduces any virus, trojan horse, worm, time bomb, unsolicited bulk,
commercial, or “spam” message, or other harmful computer code, file, or program (including without
limitation, password guessing programs, decoders, password gatherers, keystroke loggers, cracking tools,
packet sniffers, and/or encryption circumvention programs); and
n.
use the Panera Software or the Third Party Products or any feature thereof for any purpose other
than as specifically authorized in this Agreement; or
o.

cause, encourage or assist any third party to do any of the foregoing.

If for some reason these restrictions are prohibited by applicable law or by an agreement Panera has with one of
its licensors, then the activities are permitted only to the extent required to comply with the law or agreement.
10.
AGGREGATED STATISTICS. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Panera may
monitor Franchisee’s use of the Offerings and collect and compile data and information related to Franchisee’s
access and use of the Offerings to be used by Panera in an aggregated and anonymized manner, including to
compile statistical and performance information related to the provision and operation of the Offerings
(“Aggregated Statistics”). As between Panera and Franchisee, all right, title, and interest in Aggregated Statistics,
and all Intellectual Property Rights therein, belong to and are retained solely by Panera. For the avoidance of
doubt, Aggregated Statistics shall not include Franchisee Data.
11.
RESERVATION OF RIGHTS. Panera reserves all rights not expressly granted to Franchisee in this
Agreement.
12.

THIRD PARTY HARDWARE.

12.1
Use of Third-Party Hardware. The Third Party Hardware may be used only in connection with the
operation of Bakery-Cafes, and at the end of the life of the Third Party Hardware, or expiration or termination of
this Agreement, Franchisee shall take all necessary steps to fully and permanently erase any computer memory
or storage on such Third Party Hardware including all data related to the operation of the Bakery-Cafes. Franchisee
must certify in writing to Panera, by an Authorized Representative, that it has completed the obligations listed in
this section within ten (10) days of the end of the life of the Hardware, or expiration or termination of this
Agreement.
12.2
Pass Through Warranty. The Third-Party Hardware is provided by Panera “AS-IS” and without warranty
of any kind, express or implied. To the extent, if any, that Panera has the right to do so, Panera shall pass through
or assign to Franchisee the remainder, if any, warranty Panera obtained from manufacturers and/or vendors of
the Third-Party Hardware ordered under any applicable Order.
13.
SUPPORT SERVICES. Any Order for Support Services will contain a description of the Support Services, any
applicable terms and conditions applicable to such Professional Services, the Fees applicable to such Professional
Services, and the period of time during which such Professional Services shall be provided.
14.

FRANCHISEE DATA.

14.1
Definition. "Franchisee Data" means any data, information or material created by Franchisee provided or
submitted by Franchisee and its employees to Panera or its third-party providers pursuant to the Franchise
Documents and/or in the course of using the Panera Software or Third Party Products, including without limitation
pricing, tax rates, non-standard menu information, Franchisee employee data, and all other applicable data,
information or materials. All other data is owned solely by Panera and shall be deemed Panera’s Confidential
10

