Panera 2025 FDD (210)

AFFILIATED COMPANIES, OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, SUPPLIERS, AGENTS OR SUBCONTRACTORS
HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF. FRANCHISEE HEREBY WAIVES ANY CLAIM THAT THESE
EXCLUSIONS DEPRIVE IT OF AN ADEQUATE REMEDY OR CAUSE ANY AGREEMENT(S) TO FAIL OF ITS ESSENTIAL
PURPOSE.
5.4

Franchisee's Obligations and Restrictions.
5.4.1 Acceptable Use. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that Panera is not obligated to monitor
communications or any data transmitted through the Panera Software or Third Party Products and that
Panera will not be responsible for the content of any such communications or transmissions. Franchisee
and its Authorized Users will use the Offerings exclusively for authorized and legal purposes, in compliance
with applicable law including any privacy laws or any laws governing employment and this Agreement.
Franchisee acknowledges that the Offerings do not include, and Panera has no responsibility or liability
with respect to: (a) verifying any information input by Authorized Users, including information about
employment; or (b) advising Franchisee with respect to any Franchisee policies on employment, leave,
termination or other policies or any application of such policies by Franchisee; or (c) any determination of
the legality of any questions asked, or the type of information requested. Franchisee shall consult with
legal counsel in connection with and bear all risk and responsibility with regard to the use of the Offerings
for all purposes including compliance with all United States state and federal laws and regulations. In
providing the Offerings, Panera shall be entitled to rely upon and act in accordance with any instructions,
guidelines, data or information provided by Franchisee and its Authorized Users, and shall incur no liability
in doing so.
5.4.2 Account Use. Franchisee is responsible and liable for all uses of the Panera Software or ThirdParty Products and Documentation resulting from access provided by Franchisee, directly or indirectly,
whether such access or use is permitted by or in violation of this Agreement. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, Franchisee is responsible for all acts and omissions of Authorized Users, and
any act or omission by an Authorized User that would constitute a breach of this Agreement if taken by
Franchisee will be deemed a breach of this Agreement by Franchisee. Franchisee shall make all Authorized
Users aware of this Agreement’s provisions as applicable to such Authorized User’s use of the Panera
Software or Third-Party Products and shall cause Authorized Users to comply with such provisions.

6.
PASSWORDS AND ACCESS CREDENTIALS. Franchisee is responsible for keeping passwords and access
credentials associated with the Panera Software or Third-Party Products confidential and will not sell, disclose, or
transfer them to any other person, entity, or third parties any user identifications, passwords and access
credentials, account numbers or account profiles. Franchisee understands and agrees that: (a) Panera assumes no
responsibility for the supervision, management or control of Franchisee’s or Authorized User’s passwords and
access credentials; (b) Panera assumes no responsibility for any fraudulent or unauthorized use of any portion of
the Panera Software or Third Party Products through Franchisee’s account; (c) Panera disclaims all liability arising
out of any use of or failure to protect passwords or access credentials or any fraudulent or unauthorized access
to or use of any portion of the Panera Software or Third Party Products through Franchisee’s account; and (d)
Franchisee will promptly notify Panera within twenty-four (24) hours of its learning or discovery of any
unauthorized access to Franchisee’s passwords or access credentials, or any unauthorized access to or use of any
of the Offerings or Documentation.
7.
FRANCHISEE’S RESPONSIBILITIES. Franchisee will: (a) be responsible for meeting Panera’s applicable
minimum system requirements for access to or use of the Offerings, as set forth in the Documentation and
updated by Panera from time to time; (b) be responsible for Authorized Users’ compliance with this Agreement
and for any other activity (whether or not authorized by Franchisee) occurring under Franchisee’s account; (c) be
solely responsible for the accuracy, quality, integrity and legality of Franchisee Data; (d) prevent unauthorized
access to or use of the Offerings under its account, and notify Panera promptly of any such unauthorized access
or use; and (e) provide and keep valid contact information for each Panera Software or Third Party Product that
8

