Panera 2025 FDD (301)

RIDER TO THE PANERA, LLC AGREEMENTS
PURSUANT TO THE MARYLAND FRANCHISE REGISTRATION AND DISCLOSURE LAW
dated

This Rider to the Panera, LLC Agreements by and between Panera, LLC and Franchisee is
,
.

In both the Franchise Agreement and Area Development Agreement, the 5th and 6th sentences of Section 1.02 are deleted.
The following language shall be added to Sections 13.02(i) and 15.03 of the Franchise Agreement and 7.02(g) of the Area
Development Agreement:
Pursuant to COMAR 02.02.08. 16L, any general release, estoppel or waiver of liability required as a condition of
renewal and/or assignment/transfer shall not apply to any liability under the Maryland Franchise Registration and
Disclosure Law.
The following language shall be added to the end of Sections 18.02 of the Franchise Agreement and 10.02 of the Area
Development Agreement:
However, subject to your arbitration obligations, you may bring an action in Maryland for claims arising under the
Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.
The following sentence is added to the end of Section 19.06 of the Franchise Agreement and 11.06 of the Area Development
Agreement:
However, to the extent required by applicable law, Maryland law will apply to claims arising under the Maryland
Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.
The following sentence is added to the end of the Franchise Agreement and Area Development Agreement:
All representations requiring you to assent to a release, estoppel or waiver of liability are not intended to nor shall
they act as a release, estoppel or waiver of any liability incurred under the Maryland Franchise Registration and
Disclosure Law.
Pursuant to the Interpretive Opinion “Adopting NASAA Statement of Policy Regarding the Use of Franchise Questionnaires
and Acknowledgments” dated January 23, 2023, issued by the State of Maryland Office of the Attorney General Securities
Division (the “Division”), the Division requires franchisors selling franchises that are subject to the Maryland Franchise
Registration and Disclosure Law to provide the following legend: “No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed
or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i)
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on
any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision
supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.”
All initially capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the same meaning as ascribed to them in the Agreements. Except
as expressly modified hereby, the Agreements shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed and delivered this Rider concurrently with the
execution of the Agreements on the day and year first above written.
PANERA, LLC
A Delaware limited liability company

FRANCHISEE
(Signature)

By:
Title:

(Print Name)
(Signature)
(Print Name)

