Panera 2025 FDD (41)

Creative Approval Process.
Any advertising and promotional materials not prepared by Panera must be approved by Panera prior to your use. The complete
creative approval process, as it may be updated from time to time, can be found in the Policy Manual. We reserve the right to decline
approval of any advertising or promotional materials if we believe a creative execution does not meet our brand standards. You may not use
any advertising or promotional materials that we have not approved.
Wholesale Gift Card Program.
We participate in one or more wholesale gift card programs pursuant to which a third-party vendor sells gift cards through various
distribution channels. As part of this program, when these gift cards are redeemed at both company-owned and Franchisee-owned BakeryCafes, the owner of such Bakery-Cafe receives less than the full purchase value of such transaction.
Social Media Sites.
We may maintain one or more social media sites, applications, and platforms (e.g., Panera App, X (fka Twitter), Facebook,
Instagram, Blue Sky, Tik Tok, Pinterest, Four Square, MySpace or such other social media sites). You may not establish or maintain any
social media sites, applications, and platforms utilizing any usernames, or otherwise associating with the Marks, without our advance written
consent in our sole and absolute discretion. We may designate from time to time regional or territory-specific usernames/handles to be
maintained by you. To the degree we establish a social media policy, you must adhere to the social media and internet policies that we
establish from time to time and you will require all your owners to do so as well.
Advertising Associations.
We have the right to establish local and/or regional advertising associations (“Advertising Associations”) for Panera Bread BakeryCafes covering the geographic areas we may designate from time to time. We have the right to form, change, dissolve or merge Advertising
Associations.
If we have established an Advertising Association in your market area, you must participate in the Advertising Association and its
programs and abide by its bylaws. You must contribute the amounts to the Advertising Association(s) as determined by the Advertising
Association members from time to time in accordance with their bylaws. All Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes, including those owned by Panera
or an Affiliate, that are located in the designated local or regional area(s) will contribute to the Advertising Association(s) on the same basis.
Contributions to the local and regional Advertising Associations are credited toward the 2% LAF advertising expenditures required by the
Franchise Agreement; however, if we provide you and your local and/or regional Advertising Association ninety (90) days' notice of a special
promotion, including but not limited to any regional promotions, you must participate in the promotion and also pay us any special promotion
advertising fees assessed in connection with the program, beginning on the effective date of the notice and continuing until the special
promotion is concluded. Any special promotion advertising fees will be in addition to, and not credited towards, the 2% LAF advertising
expenditure required by the Franchise Agreement.
The Advertising Association bylaws are attached to this Disclosure Document as Exhibit C-2 and the Advertising Association
membership agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit C-1. We will administer the Advertising Associations and collect your Advertising
Association contributions by automatic electronic withdrawal. The financial statements of the Advertising Associations may be audited and
the reports will be made available to you. Each Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe located within the local or regional area of the Advertising
Association will be entitled to one (1) vote. Advertising conducted by the Advertising Associations may be in various media including
television, radio, Internet, magazine, newspaper, billboards, posters, direct mail, collateral and promotional items, advertising on public
vehicles (transit and aerial).
Computer Hardware and Software.
You are required to record all sales on a computer-based POS system capable of facilitating a fully integrated sales data information
interface into Panera’s centralized computer system. You agree to purchase or lease, at your expense, POS/Computer hardware and software
systems and install a data connection, power lines, modems, printers and other computer-related accessories and peripherals as may be
required for a standard interface, for the purpose of, among other functions, the recording and transmission of information collected through
the POS system (including, but not limited to, gross sales, Net Sales, discounts, product mix, sales by day part) to centralized data collection
systems.

April 2025 Panera FDD

36

