Panera 2025 FDD (139)

notice (the “Purchase Notice”) stating the purchase price and a detailed explanation of the valuation methodology utilized
in arriving at said purchase price (including the Cash Flow Multiple). You or any of your Owners or Affiliates shall have
a period of thirty (30) days from the delivery of the Purchase Notice in which to agree to the purchase price (including the
Cash Flow Multiple) or assert any challenges to the calculation of the purchase price. If you or any of your Owners or
Affiliates, on the one hand, or us, on the other hand, cannot agree on the purchase price calculation within sixty (60) days
from receipt of the Purchase Notice, the calculation (including the Cash Flow Multiple) shall be determined in accordance
with Panera Standards, particularly with regard to those items accounted for at the Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe level, by an
independent certified public accounting firm selected by us that is not then currently performing services for you or any
of your Owners or Affiliates or us. The accounting firm shall make its determination of purchase price calculation
(including the Cash Flow Multiple) in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and submit a written report to you
and us as soon as practicable, but in no event more than thirty (30) days after the appointment. Each party may submit in
writing to the accounting firm (with a copy to the other party) its views of the purchase price calculation; however, the
accounting firm shall not be limited to these submissions and may make such independent investigation as it deems
reasonably necessary. You or any of your Owners or Affiliates, on the one hand, and we, on the other hand, will each be
responsible for and pay one-half (½) of the accounting firm’s fees and expenses, unless we previously shall have required
your financial statements to be audited, in which case the fees and expenses of the audit shall be borne entirely by you.
Following the determination of the purchase price, if such purchase price is acceptable to us, in our sole judgment, we and
you or any of your Owners or Affiliates shall proceed to close the purchase and sale as hereinafter provided. If such
purchase price is not acceptable to us, in our sole judgment, we will have no obligation to proceed to close the purchase
and sale.
16.08. Pre-Closing Conduct. Upon delivery of the Option Notice we may authorize continued temporary
operations of your Bakery-Cafe pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, subject to the supervision and control of one or
more of our appointed managers, in full accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Neither you nor any of your
Owners or Affiliates shall directly or indirectly destroy, alter, substitute, remove, encumber, pledge, sell, assign, transfer,
or otherwise dispose of, destroy, transfer, change, secret or encumber, in any manner whatsoever, any of the assets of your
Bakery-Cafe, other than sales in the ordinary course of business, nor destroy, alter, substitute, remove, encumber, pledge,
sell, assign, transfer, or otherwise dispose of, destroy, transfer, change, secret or encumber, in any manner whatsoever, any
documents, records, books, agreements or electronic records relating to the operation of your Bakery-Cafe. You and any
of your Owners and Affiliates shall take all reasonable steps to insure that all of your Bakery-Cafe level employees (hourly
associates, bakers, shift supervisors and managers, including general managers) remain in place, are made available to us
to interview and offer employment to (if we elect to offer such employment) and will do nothing to discourage any of
them from accepting employment with us after the closing. Upon receipt of the Option Notice from us, you and any of
your Owners and Affiliates shall provide us access to all of your books and records relating to your Bakery-Cafe and any
other Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes on which the Purchase Price is based.
16.09.

Closing of Purchase Option Exercise.

(a)
Payment of Purchase Price. The purchase price to be paid for your Bakery-Cafe purchased
pursuant to the exercise of any Purchase Option shall be paid on the date of the closing of the purchase, subject to a ten
percent (10%) holdback for sixty (60) days after the date of closing as security for and to offset to the extent necessary the
payment and discharge of indemnification obligations related to your Bakery-Cafe. The purchase price may be reduced
by any obligations you or any of your Affiliates or Owners may owe us, or any of our Affiliates.
(b)
Closing. The closing for the purchase and sale shall be held at 10:00 a.m. at our offices in St.
Louis, Missouri as soon as practicable after the determination of the purchase price under the Purchase Option. You and
all of your Owners or Affiliates shall execute and deliver to the purchasing party all warranties, title insurance policies and
other closing documents and post closing indemnifications as we reasonably require, including: (i) all general releases,
representations, warranties and post-closing indemnifications; (ii) all estoppel certificates, subordination, non-disturbance
and attornment agreements and assignments of any real estate lease for your Bakery-Cafe (or lease at fair market value if
the real estate is owned by you or any of your Owners or Affiliates, or sub-lease at fair market value if the real estate is
leased by any of your Owners or Affiliates); and (iii) all deeds, bills of sale, representations, warranties, indemnifications,
releases, discharges, documents, affidavits and instruments of conveyance as are necessary or desirable, in the opinion of
legal counsel for the purchasing party, to transfer, convey and validly vest in the purchasing party, as the case may be,
good, marketable and absolute title to your Bakery-Cafe being conveyed free and clear of any lien, claim, pledge, security
interest, equities or other encumbrance or interest of any kind or character whatsoever, with all documentary stamps, sales
taxes and other transfer taxes paid by you and all of your Owners or Affiliates.

27

April 2025

