Panera 2025 FDD (303)

RIDER TO THE PANERA, LLC AGREEMENTS
PURSUANT TO THE NORTH DAKOTA FRANCHISE INVESTMENT LAW
dated

This Rider to the Panera, LLC Agreements by and between Panera, LLC and Franchisee is
,
.

1. The Franchise Agreement and Area Development Agreement for Panera, LLC shall be amended by the addition of the
following:
The parties acknowledge and agree that they have been advised that the North Dakota Securities Commissioner has
determined the following agreement provisions are unfair, unjust or inequitable to North Dakota franchisees:
A.
Restrictive Covenants: Any provision which discloses the existence of covenants restricting competition contrary
to Section 9-08-06, N.D.C.C., without further disclosing that such covenants will be subject to this statute.
B.
Situs of Arbitration Proceedings: Any provision requiring that the parties must agree to arbitrate disputes at a
location that is remote from the site of the franchisee's business.
C.
Restriction on Forum: Any provision requiring North Dakota franchisees to consent to the jurisdiction of courts
outside of North Dakota.
D.
Liquidated Damages and Termination Penalties: Any provision requiring North Dakota franchisees to consent to
liquidated damages or termination penalties.
E.
Applicable Laws: Any provision which specifies that any claims arising under the North Dakota franchise law will
be governed by the laws of a state other than North Dakota.
F.
jury.

Waiver of Trial by Jury: Any provision requiring North Dakota franchisees to consent to the waiver of a trial by

G.
Waiver of Exemplary and Punitive Damages: Any provision requiring North Dakota franchisees to consent to a
waiver of exemplary and punitive damages.
H.
General Release: Any provision requiring North Dakota franchisees to execute a general release of claims as a
condition of renewal or transfer of a franchise.
I.
Limitation on Claims. Requiring North Dakota franchisees to consent to a limitation on when claims may be
brought.
All initially capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the same meaning as ascribed to them in the Agreements. Except
as expressly modified hereby, the Agreements shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed and delivered this Rider concurrently with the
execution of the Agreements on the day and year first above written.
PANERA, LLC
A Delaware limited liability company
By:

FRANCHISEE
(Signature)
(Print Name)

Title:
(Signature)

