Panera 2025 FDD (209)

have no liability for any damage, liabilities, losses (including any loss of profits or data), or any other
consequences that Franchisee or any Authorized User may incur as a result of a Service Suspension.
4.
PANERA SOFTWARE. Subject to Franchisee's payment of the applicable Fees and its compliance with the
terms and conditions of this Agreement, Panera hereby grants Franchisee a revocable, fully paid-up, nonexclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable limited right to access and use the Panera Software during the
Subscription Period, solely for the purpose of operating the Bakery-Cafes, and the accompanying online
Documentation in conjunction with Franchisee’s installation and use of the Panera Software as permitted
hereunder. Franchisee has no right to sublicense its right to use the Panera Software. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary, Franchisee agrees that Panera retains all right, title and interest in and to all Panera Software
incorporated in such modifications, updates, and patches. Except as expressly set forth herein, Panera will retain
all intellectual property rights relating to the Panera Software and any suggestions, ideas, enhancement requests,
feedback, or other recommendations provided by Franchisee, Authorized Users or any third party relating to the
Panera Software (herein referred to as “Feedback Materials”), which are hereby assigned to Panera. This
Agreement does not constitute a sale of the Panera Software and does not convey to Franchisee any rights of
ownership in or related to the Panera Software or any other intellectual property rights.
5.

THIRD PARTY PRODUCTS.

5.1
License. Subject to Franchisee's payment of the applicable Fees and compliance with the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, Panera grants Franchisee a revocable, fully paid-up, non-exclusive, nonsublicensable, non-transferable limited right to access and use the Third Party Products during the Subscription
Period, solely for the purpose of operating the Bakery-Cafes and the accompanying online Documentation in
conjunction with Franchisee’s installation and use of the Third Party Products as permitted hereunder.
5.2
Limitation on Use. Franchisee’s use of Third-Party Products is subject to the relevant Third-Party Terms
and Conditions as well as the terms of this Agreement and the Order. The Third-Party Terms and Conditions
related to Third Party Products shall be presented to Franchisee for acceptance within the Panera’s Online Catalog
by website link or otherwise. Panera does not have control over and has no liability for the Third-Party Products.
We do not, by allowing you access to Third Party Products, assume any liability or responsibility for your use of
the Third-Party Products. Access to Third Party Products is provided for your convenience and to assure
compliance with our standards and shall not be construed as any express or implied representation or warranty
that you comply with any applicable laws, codes or regulations. Franchisee represents and warrants that it is using
the Third-Party Products in compliance with the applicable Third-Party Terms and Conditions. If Franchisee does
not agree to abide by the applicable Third-Party Terms and Conditions for any such Third-Party Products, then
Franchisee should not install, access, purchase or use such Third-Party Products. Use of Third-Party Products may
require access to Franchisee Data (defined below) and other data by the Authorized Third-Party, which Panera
will permit on Franchisee’s behalf if Franchisee has ordered that Third-Party Product.
5.3
Third-Party Products. Franchisee may choose to use the Offerings with other third-party platforms, apps,
add-ons, services or products that are not included as an Offering in Panera’s Online Catalog. Use of such thirdparty products with the Offerings may require access to Franchisee Data (defined below) and other data by the
Authorized Third-Party, which, subject to Panera’s Policies, Panera will permit on Franchisee’s behalf if Franchisee
has enabled that third-party. The approval of other third party platforms, apps, add-ons, services or products that
are not included as an Offering in Panera’s Online Catalog and/or transfer of Franchisee Data described in this
request to such third parties is made as a convenience for Franchisee, and neither Panera nor any of its affiliated
companies shall have any liability in connection with such transfer, and accordingly IN NO EVENT WILL PANERA
OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATED COMPANIES, OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, SUPPLIERS, AGENTS OR
SUBCONTRACTORS BE LIABLE IN CONNECTION WITH THIS REQUEST OR UNDER ANY AGREEMENT(S) FOR (A) ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, OR LOST OR
DAMAGED DATA, WHETHER ARISING IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, OR (B) ANY
COSTS OR EXPENSES FOR THE PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE DATA, IN EACH CASE, EVEN IF PANERA, ITS
7

