Panera 2025 FDD (178)

Expenses (including attorneys’ fees and expenses) incurred in defending a civil or criminal action, suit or
proceeding must be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon a
preliminary determination following the procedures set forth in Section 10.04 that such indemnified person meets the
applicable standard of conduct referred to therein and subject to any conditions imposed by the Board pursuant to this
Article and the prior receipt by the Corporation of an undertaking satisfactory in form and substance to the Corporation
that such person will promptly repay such amount unless it is ultimately determined that the person is entitled to be
indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this Article 10.
Section 10.7.

Indemnification Disallowed in Certain Circumstances

The indemnification provided pursuant to this article may not be made to or on behalf of any director, officer,
employee, or agent if a judgment or other final adjudication establishes that his or her actions, or omissions to act, were
material to the cause of action so adjudicated and constitute:
A. a violation of the criminal law, unless the director, officer, employee or agent had reasonable cause
to believe his or her conduct was lawful or had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful;
B. a transaction from which the director, officer, employee or agent directly or indirectly derived an
improper personal benefit;
C. in the case of a director, a circumstance under which the director would be liable to the Corporation
under the Act; or
D. willful misconduct or a conscious disregard for the best interests of the Corporation in a proceeding
by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor.
Section 10.8.

Nonexclusivity

The Corporation has the power to make any other or further indemnification of any of its directors, officers,
members of any committee, or any other person that the Corporation has the power by law to indemnify, including without
limitation, employees or agents of the Corporation, under any bylaw, agreement, vote of disinterested directors, or
otherwise, both as to action in any official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office, except
an indemnification against gross negligence or willful misconduct. The indemnification as provided in this Article will
continue as to any person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee, or agent and will inure to the benefit of such
person's heirs and personal representatives.
ARTICLE 11
General Provisions
Section 11.1.

Fiscal Year

The fiscal year of the Corporation shall end in each year consistent with the last day of the fiscal year of the
Franchisor in that year.
Section 11.2.

Gender and Number

Whenever the context requires, the gender of all words used herein includes the masculine, feminine and neuter,
and the number of all words includes the singular and plural thereof.
Section 11.3.

Articles and Other Headings

The Articles and other headings contained in these Bylaws are for reference purposes only and will not affect the
meaning or interpretation of these Bylaws.
Section 11.4.

Minutes, Books and Records of Account

12

