Panera 2025 FDD (161)

5. Benefits. The Association agrees that it will operate on a not-for-profit basis in accordance with its
governing documents and that all contributions will be spent solely for the purposes permitted in its Articles of
Incorporation and Bylaws.
6. Effective Date and Term. This Agreement becomes effective on the date signed by both parties and will
continue until the earlier of:
(a) The Association discontinues operations or is dissolved; or
(b) Until the Member no longer owns and operates a Bakery-Cafe located in the Association Area
under a valid franchise agreement with Franchisor, or until the Member no longer owns or operates a BakeryCafe located in the Association Area, if the Member is the Franchisor or an affiliate of Franchisor.
In the event this Agreement terminates pursuant to Section 6(b), the Member’s voting and other membership
rights in the Association automatically terminate on the effective date of termination of the franchise agreement (or closure
of the Bakery-Cafe, if the Franchisor or its affiliate is the Member), provided however, if the Member owes contributions
or other amounts at the time of such termination (or closure), then it will still be obligated and responsible for all
contributions or other amounts that accrued prior to the date of such termination (or closure).
7. Franchise Transfers. The parties recognize that the timing of payment of contributions may not always
coincide with the consummation of the sale of a Bakery-Cafe. Accordingly, the parties agree as follows:
(a) Timing: The Member will remain responsible to the Association for all contributions due through
the date of the consummation of any sale of a Bakery-Cafe owned by the Member that is subject to this
Agreement.
(b) Credit Balances: If the Member sells or closes a Bakery-Cafe subject to this Agreement at a time
when the Member has a credit balance with the Association, the credit balance will not be refunded, but will be,
at the election of the Board of Directors of the Association: (i) retained for the benefit of other Members of the
Association, if the transaction involves a closing of the Member’s Bakery-Cafe or the termination or expiration
of the Member’s franchise agreement; or (ii) credited to the Bakery-Cafes of the purchaser that are subject to this
Agreement, if a sale, transfer or assignment is involved; or (iii) credited to the Member’s other Bakery-Cafes that
are still subject to this Agreement.
8. Delinquencies. The Member agrees to abide by all rules and regulations regarding delinquent
contributions, including the payment of interest and late payment fees, adopted by the Association from time to time. The
Member acknowledges and agrees that delinquent contributions (a) constitute a breach of the franchise agreement; (b)
may result in loss of voting rights and other privileges with the Association; and/or (c) may result in cancellation of
membership with the Association.
9. Entity Participation. If the Member is a corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other
business entity, the Member will duly authorize one (1) person to represent its interests at Association meetings (the
“Representative”). The Representative must be a: (i) shareholder, partner, member (in case of an LLC), director or
officer of the Member; or (ii) the Member’s Operating Partner, as defined in the Member’s franchise agreement; or (iii) in
the event the Member is Franchisor or one of its affiliates, an officer or other designated representative of the Franchisor
or its affiliate. The Association shall be entitled to rely on any written authorization appointing the Representative that
the Association in good faith believes to be valid unless and until the Association shall have received an authorization for
a successor Representative that the Association in good faith believes to be valid. The Association shall be entitled to rely
on the Representative’s decisions, votes and consents to bind the Member at any such meeting without any further inquiry.
The same person can be a Representative for more than one (1) Member.
10. Program Participation. The Member will not be required, as a condition of membership in the Association
or otherwise, to participate in any advertising or promotion that contains a specified retail price, or a minimum retail price,
for any product or service furnished by Bakery-Cafes in the Association Area. However, the Member’s obligation to pay
contributions pursuant to this Agreement will not be affected in any way by the Member’s decision not to participate.

2

