Panera 2025 FDD (115)

“Internet” – All communications between computers and between computers and television, telephone, facsimile
and similar communications devices, including the World Wide Web, proprietary online services, e-mail, news
groups and electronic bulletin boards.
“Key Food Products” – As defined in Section 9.03(a).
“LAF” – Local Advertising Funds, as defined in Section 10.02.
“MAC” – The Marketing Advisory Committee.
“MAF” – The Marketing Administration Fee.
“Marks” – The current and future trade names, trademarks, service marks and trade dress that are used to identify
the services and/or products offered by Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes, including the mark “PANERA BREAD”
and the distinctive building design and color scheme of Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes.
“MSA” – A metropolitan statistical area, as determined by the U.S. Census Bureau.
“NAF” – Our National Advertising Fund.
“Net Sales” – The aggregate amount, determined in accordance with Panera Standards, of all sales of food,
beverages and other products and merchandise sold and services rendered at the Premises or otherwise rendered
in connection with your Bakery-Cafe or your use of the Marks, including monies derived from sales at or away
from your Bakery-Cafe (e.g., catering or delivery), whether for cash or credit, but excluding: (1) all federal, state
or municipal sales or service taxes collected from customers and paid to the appropriate taxing authorities; and
(2) all customer refunds and adjustments and promotional discounts made by your Bakery-Cafe.
“Operating Partner” – The individual you so designate in Exhibit A and any replacement thereof approved by
us.
“Other Food Products” – As defined in Section 9.03(a).
“Owner” – Each person or entity that has a direct or indirect legal or beneficial ownership interest in Franchisee.
“Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes” – Bakery-cafes which we, or any of our Affiliates, own, operate or franchise and
which use the Marks and the System.
“Panera Standards” – The accounting, audit and tax standards, methods, practices and procedures as may be
established from time to time by us, in our sole discretion, with respect to, among other things, the maintenance
of books and records, and the preparation and presentation of financial information and financial statements,
but which shall not be materially inconsistent with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied
and which are utilized by us in connection with our Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes. In absence of any particular
standard, method, practice or procedure established by us, the term “Panera Standards” shall refer to generally
accepted accounting principles, consistently applied.
“Patents” – The current and future patents and patent applications, if any, that cover business methods,
processes, products, structures, equipment and designs that we license for use in connection with the operation
of Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes.
“Personnel” – All persons employed by you in connection with the development, management or operation of
your Bakery-Cafe, including persons in general and district management positions for your Bakery-Cafes, bakers,
crew trainers, unit general and assistant managers, shift supervisors, bakers, hourly associates and all other
persons who work in or for your Bakery-Cafe.
“Policy Manual” – All information for the development, establishment and operation of a Panera Bread BakeryCafe which contains any mandatory or suggested standards, specifications or operating procedures, whether such
information is communicated in writing, electronically (such as in bulletins, updates, guidelines, newsletters, emails, presentations, limited access online resources), and alternative or supplemental means of communicating
information by other media, all as supplemented and amended from time to time, including information with
3

April 2025

