Panera 2025 FDD (194)

standards. If Panera terminates this Agreement pursuant to this section, all installments of the Development Fee
previously paid by Franchisee, with respect to in process but uncompleted projects will be refunded.
8.
Adjustments. At the time of substantial completion of construction of the Bakery-Cafe, the following
adjustments shall be made between Panera and Franchisee: electricity, gas, fuel, and water. Panera will also be entitled to
a return of all utility deposits.
9.
Turnover and Opening. Panera and Franchisee will conduct a walk through inspection of the Bakery-Cafe upon
substantial completion of construction. In no event shall the Bakery-Cafe open for business prior to completion of the
walk through and execution and delivery by Panera of a fully executed Franchise Agreement and all documents ancillary
to the Franchise Agreement. Panera will give Franchisee thirty (30) days prior written notice of the estimated date of the
walk through inspection. Opening of the Bakery-Cafe is subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Franchise
Agreement for the Proposed Location.
10.

Representations. You and each owner represent, warrant, covenant and agree that:

(a) Organization. (i) You are duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the state of ___________; (ii) you
have the authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform your obligations hereunder; (iii) true and complete
copies of the articles of incorporation, articles of organization, operating agreement, subscription agreements, buy-sell
agreements, voting trust agreements and all other documents relating to your ownership, organization, capitalization,
management and control (“Organizational Documents”) have been promptly delivered to us and have not been amended
since delivery to us; (iv) any and all amendments, deletions and additions to your Organizational Documents shall be
promptly delivered to us for our approval, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld; (v) your activities are
restricted to those necessary solely for the development, ownership and operation of Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes in
accordance with the Franchise Agreement and in accordance with any other agreements entered into with us or any of our
affiliates; (vi) the Organizational Documents recite that the issuance, transfer or pledge of any direct or indirect legal or
beneficial ownership interest is restricted by the terms of the Franchise Agreement; (vii) all certificates representing direct
or indirect legal or beneficial ownership interests now or hereafter issued shall bear a legend in conformity with applicable
law reciting or referring to such restrictions; and (viii) you will deliver to us a Secretary's Certificate or other evidence
satisfactory to us that the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, each Franchise Agreement, and all other
agreements and ancillary documents contemplated hereby or thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action by
your corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other legal entity, as applicable.
(b) Ownership.

11.

(i)

The information set forth on Exhibit B attached hereto contains a complete and accurate description of
you, your owners and Operating Partner and the other information supplied thereon. You agree that an
updated Exhibit B will be furnished promptly to us, so that Exhibit B (as so revised and signed by you) is
at all times current, complete and accurate. Each person who is or becomes an owner who has not already
done so must execute an agreement in the form we prescribe, undertaking to be bound by the
confidentiality and non-competition covenants contained in the Agreement. Each owner is an individual
acting in his/her individual capacity, unless we waive this requirement.

(ii)

The “Operating Partner” you have designated in Exhibit B: (i) owns and controls, or has the right to own
and control (subject to terms and conditions reasonably acceptable to us), not less than a ten percent
(10%) interest in your equity; (ii) has the authority to bind you regarding all operational decisions with
respect to your Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes; (iii) has completed our training program to our satisfaction;
and (iv) has agreed that if he/she is terminated, for whatever reason, he/she shall not for a period of two
(2) years after such termination, recruit or hire any person who is an employee of yours, ours or any Panera
Bread Bakery-Cafe operated by us, our affiliates or any franchisee of ours without obtaining the employer's
consent, which consent may be withheld for any reason.

Covenants.

a.
Annual Reports. You shall furnish us within ninety (90) days after the end of each calendar year (i) a
consolidated year-end balance sheet and income statement and statement of cash flow for you and all of your affiliates
that develop, own or operate Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes, all prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, consistently applied, and reflecting all year-end adjustments and accruals; (ii) similar information from all owners

3
April 2025

