Panera 2025 FDD (18)

Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe or your use of the Marks, including monies derived from sales at or away from such Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe
(e.g., catering or delivery), whether for cash or credit, but excluding (1) all federal, state or municipal sales or service taxes collected from
customers and paid to the appropriate taxing authorities; and (2) all customer refunds and adjustments and promotional discounts made by
such Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe.
The term “Panera Standards” means the accounting, audit and tax standards, methods, practices and procedures as may be established from
time to time by us, in our sole discretion, with respect to, among other things, the maintenance of books and records, and the preparation
and presentation of financial information and financial statements, but which shall not be materially inconsistent with generally accepted
accounting principles and which are utilized by us in connection with our Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes. In absence of any particular standard,
method, practice or procedure established by us, the term “Panera Standards” shall refer to generally accepted accounting principles.
Note 3: These items include amounts paid to a NAF, LAF, MAF and Advertising Association. We reserve the right to collect annual
contributions to the NAF at any time of the year and may do so retroactively for periods of the calendar year that have already lapsed (if we
change the contribution mid-year). The 2025 fiscal year NAF contribution rate is 3.5% (which is above the 2.6% cap) pursuant to an
affirmative vote by existing franchisees. Additionally, you must pay the MAF of 0.4% of Net Sales and spend 2.0% of your Net Sales on
LAF. However, through the 2025 fiscal year, we will permit franchisees to temporarily reduce the amount required to be spent on LAF to
0.5% of Net Sales. We may require you to participate in an Advertising Association. Decisions of Advertising Associations are made by
majority vote based on one vote per Bakery-Cafe. Accordingly, we may control the Advertising Association in certain areas where companyowned Bakery-Cafes constitute the majority. If we require you to contribute to an Advertising Association, either this year or in the future,
we will credit your contribution toward your required LAF expenditure requirements. If we provide you or your Advertising Association
ninety (90) days’ notice of a special promotion, you must participate and also pay any special promotion advertising fees we assess. These
fees will be in addition to your LAF requirements. We may increase the NAF, LAF or MAF contribution requirements above the current
percentages of Net Sales with an affirmative vote by 66% of all then existing company and franchised Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes or by an
affirmative vote by 51% of the then existing franchised Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes.
Note 4: In order to ensure fresh bread and bakery products, each Bakery-Cafe must generate an order for its bakery products (“pan up
order”) and transmit its pan up order electronically to our fresh dough facilities by the close of business (no later than 11:00 PM CST) for
delivery two (2) days later. In the event the pan up order is not electronically received by our fresh dough facilities by the close of business
(no later than 11:00 PM CST), or is incomplete, the Bakery-Cafe may be charged for the additional costs and expenses we incur in order to
deliver bread and bakery products to that Bakery-Cafe the next day. In addition, there may be a special handling charge of up to fifty dollars
($50) for each incomplete or non-electronically received pan up order.
Note 5: You must purchase Food Products (including Key Food Products) from Approved Suppliers or Approved Distributors (See Item
8). The prices at which these Food Products are sold to you are determined pursuant to agreements between us and the suppliers.
Distribution costs will vary depending on the proximity of your Bakery-Cafe to the production facility.
Note 6: We may publish or disclose to other franchisees, any information that is collected, produced or maintained under any “quality
control” programs in any manner or format that we deem appropriate. We also reserve the right to publish or disclose to third parties in an
aggregate anonymous format any information that we collect, produce or maintain in connection with such “quality control” programs. As
part of our “quality control” programs, we, or our designated third-party agents, may conduct an announced or unannounced Bakery-Cafe
Food Safety audit of Bakery-Cafes. All Bakery-Cafes are required to score a minimum score established by us (as of the date of this Disclosure
Document 92%, and no more than three (3) critical violations) in order to avoid a re-audit within the same year. A re-audit will be conducted
if a Bakery-Cafe fails to meet these minimum criteria. All Bakery-Cafes are required to complete corrective actions emanating from a food
safety audit within three (3) days of the audit. Critical findings must be corrected immediately. You will be responsible for paying the thirdparty auditing agency directly for this service. As of the date of this Disclosure Document, the audit fee does not exceed three hundred
dollars ($300) for each audit and any follow-up re-audit. This audit fee may increase by a small increment each year.
Note 7: As noted in Item 11, we do not require Franchisees to use any proprietary systems (including proprietary eCommerce and iCafe
systems), provided the systems used meet certain parameters. We offer franchisees the option to use standard Panera systems with their
various components and associated fees, as described in the chart below. All fees listed below are per cafe except where otherwise noted and
are subject to change with ninety (90) days advance notice.

April 2025 Panera FDD

13

