Panera 2025 FDD (28)

Other Products.
Your Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe must use and/or offer for sale only beverages, ingredients, merchandise, uniforms, packaging
materials, POP materials, smallwares, menus, forms, labels and other supplies and other products and services, including third-party food
delivery services, that conform to our specifications and quality standards and/or are purchased from suppliers we have approved (which
may include us or any of our Affiliates). The list of brands, Approved Distributors and suppliers are contained in our Panera Policy Manual,
and we may modify that list from time to time in our sole discretion. After notice of a modification, you may not order or reorder any brand
or reorder from any Approved Distributor or supplier that is no longer approved.
If you propose to use any brand or supplier of products or equipment other than Food Products that are not then approved by us,
you must first notify us and submit sufficient information, specifications and samples concerning the brand and/or supplier so that we can
decide whether the brand complies with our specifications and standards and/or such supplier meets our approved equipment or approved
supplier criteria. We have the right to charge reasonable fees to cover our costs of any such approval process. We will notify you of our
decision within a reasonable period of time. We may prescribe procedures for the submission of requests for approval and impose obligations
on suppliers, which we may require to be incorporated in a written agreement. We may impose limits on the number of suppliers and/or
brands for any of the foregoing items. Subject to the foregoing, you do not have to purchase or lease anything from us, or any of our
Affiliates; however, we, and our Affiliates, can be approved suppliers for any items. We formulate and modify, at our sole discretion,
specifications and standards we impose on franchisees and suppliers. Specifications and standards are issued to franchisees through the
Panera Policy Manual and to suppliers by written agreement.
Items We Supply or Derive Revenue From.
In the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024, revenues of Panera from the sale to franchisees of ingredients and food products, as
well as revenues of Panera from rebates on ingredients and food products produced by third parties and sold to franchisees (described below),
were two hundred seventy-four million five hundred eighty-three thousand eight hundred forty-nine dollars ($274,583,849) or 7.6% of the
total revenues of Panera of three billion six hundred and three million two hundred twenty-eight thousand six hundred eighty-three dollars
($3,603,228,683). In addition, in the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024, Panera also received thirty-eight million nine hundred eighty-two
thousand two hundred forty dollars ($38,982,240) for technology services provided to Franchisee-owned Bakery-Cafes or 1.1% of the total
revenues of Panera. The cost of ingredients and food products represents a de minimis (i.e., less than 1%) portion of your total purchases
and leases in connection with the establishment of your Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe, and approximately eleven percent (11.0%) of your total
expenses in connection with the continuing operation of your Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe.
We have entered into several bakery product supply agreements (“Supply Agreements”) with outside vendors (together “Bakery
Suppliers”) under which they produce certain bakery products (“Bakery Products”). Under the Supply Agreements, the Bakery Suppliers
supply Bakery Products to the Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe System through one or more distributors (“Distributors”) we designate.
Distributors purchase the Bakery Products from the Bakery Suppliers at prices that we establish with the Bakery Suppliers (described below).
Either the Distributor or the Bakery Supplier will pay us a rebate with respect to your purchase of Bakery Products from a Distributor equal
to the difference between (a) the price you pay for Bakery Products, and (b) the agreed upon price charged to the Distributor by the Bakery
Suppliers. This rebate arrangement may change or be eliminated on termination or renegotiation of the various Supply Agreements.
As noted above, we establish with the Bakery Suppliers the price at which Bakery Products will be sold to a Distributor (for resale
to Company-owned and franchised Bakery-Cafes). This price is based on an estimate of certain direct costs of manufacture the Bakery
Supplier expects to incur in producing the Bakery Products, plus a percentage mark-up, as specified in its supply agreements. At specified
intervals during the year, the Bakery Supplier and Panera will compare the costs that were estimated and the actual costs incurred in producing
the food products, and a payment will be made by the Bakery Supplier to us, or by us to the Bakery Supplier, to reflect actual costs incurred.
As a result, the average per unit rebate paid to us by the Distributor or the Bakery Supplier is approximately nine percent (9%) of Retail for
Bakery Products.
Acting solely as a distributor, we began offering additional items, such as produce, cream cheese, and potato chips, for delivery
through our fresh dough facility system. We have expanded this program and, as of the date of this disclosure document, we collect a delivery
and handling fee from franchisees who participate in the program.
From time to time, we enter into agreements or commitments with suppliers to purchase a certain volume of items used at all
Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes (company-owned and franchised) in order to take advantage of favorable pricing or anticipate product availability,
among other things. We review and attempt to project these supply needs, using internal pricing and sales projection models and commit to
agreed upon volumes. If the agreed upon volume for a particular item does not materialize, we may request that the supplier increase the
prices paid by us and franchisees for other items in order to cover the costs payable to the supplier for the excess volume. In addition, we
have entered into contracts with companies to assist in improving the functioning of the supply chain, including by negotiating sourcing costs
April 2025 Panera FDD

23

