Panera 2025 FDD (121)

agree to comply with our directions within fourteen (14) days after notice. You will bear all costs and expenses applicable
to your Bakery-Cafe should we decide to modify any Intellectual Property or use additional or substitute Intellectual
Property. Neither we nor Pumpernickel shall have any liability or obligation whatsoever with respect to any such required
modification or discontinuance of use of any Intellectual Property or the promotion or use of additional or substitute
Intellectual Property, except as otherwise provided in Section 5.05 hereof.
5.04.
Notification of Infringements and Claims for Intellectual Property. You must notify us
immediately of any apparent infringement of or challenge to your use of any Intellectual Property, or any claim by another
person of any rights in any Intellectual Property. You may not communicate with any person, other than your legal
counsel, us, Pumpernickel and our respective legal counsel, in connection with any such infringement, challenge or claim.
Pumpernickel will have sole discretion to take such action as it deems appropriate and will have the right to control
exclusively any litigation or U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or other administrative proceeding arising out of any such
infringement, challenge or claim or otherwise relating to any Intellectual Property. You must sign any and all instruments
and documents, render such assistance and do such acts and things as may be necessary or advisable in the opinion of our
or Pumpernickel’s legal counsel to protect Pumpernickel’s interests in any litigation or U.S. Patent and Trademark Office
proceeding or other administrative proceeding or otherwise to protect its interests in the Intellectual Property.
5.05.
Indemnification of Franchisee Regarding Marks. We agree to indemnify you against, and to
reimburse you for, all damages for which you are held liable in any proceeding arising out of your authorized use of any
Mark pursuant to and in compliance with this Agreement and, except as provided herein, for all costs you actually and
reasonably incur in defending any such claim brought against you, provided you have timely notified us of such claim and
provided further that you and your Owners and Affiliates are in compliance with this Agreement and all other agreements
entered into with us or any of our Affiliates. Pumpernickel, at its sole discretion, is entitled to prosecute, defend and/or
settle any proceeding arising out of your use of any Mark pursuant to this Agreement, and, if Pumpernickel undertakes to
prosecute, defend and/or settle any such matter, we have no obligation to indemnify or reimburse you for any fees or
disbursements of any legal counsel retained by you.
6.

FEES.

6.01.
Franchise Fees. You agree to pay us a nonrefundable franchise fee, shown on Exhibit D, as follows:
(a) if this Agreement is for a new franchise or executed pursuant to an Area Development Agreement, the initial franchise
fee is subject to any applicable credit of the area development fee, and is payable at least thirty (30) days before the
scheduled opening of your Bakery-Cafe; and (b) if this Agreement is executed as a successor or transfer franchise, the
successor franchise fee or transfer fee is fifty percent (50%) of our then-current standard initial franchise fee or Seven
Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($7,500) (plus costs), respectively, and is payable on execution of this Agreement.
6.02.
Royalty Fees. You agree to pay us a continuing royalty fee of five percent (5%) of Net Sales (the
“Royalty Fee”) for each Reporting Period (as defined below). There shall be fifty-two (52) or fifty-three (53) reporting
periods (Wednesday through following Tuesday, subject to change by us, each a “Reporting Period”) in each of our fiscal
years.
6.03.
Miscellaneous Administrative Fees. You agree to pay us such miscellaneous administrative fees in
such amounts as we may establish from time to time. The amounts of such fees shall be reasonably determined by us and
may include recovery of our direct costs as well as reasonable allocations of overhead and indirect costs, and shall be
charged on the same basis as for substantially all other franchised Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes in the U.S. or the applicable
geographical area.
6.04.
Designated Account. Prior to the opening of your Bakery-Cafe, and as a condition thereof, you shall
establish a designated bank account from which we shall be authorized to withdraw in any manner which we prescribe,
which may include electronic transfer of funds, any amounts due to us or our Affiliates from you under this Agreement,
including Royalty Fees. We have the right to review your sales numbers on a daily basis. On the first business day
following a Reporting Period, we shall calculate the Royalty Fee due for that Reporting Period and withdraw such amount
and any other amounts due under this Agreement, including any advertising and marketing fees set forth under Section 10
directly from the designated account. All costs and expenses of establishing and maintaining such designated account,
including transaction fees and wire transfer fees, shall be paid by you.
6.05.
Interest On Late Payments. All payments of the continuing Royalty Fees due us from you and other
periodic fees payable based on Reporting Periods shall be due and payable on, and must be received by us, by the first
9

April 2025

