Panera 2025 FDD (37)

Training.
Before opening your Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe, your Operating Partner (described in Item 15) and all Bakery-Cafe general
managers, assistant general managers, and team managers who have not previously graduated from our certified training programs must
successfully complete the appropriate training program. A general manager or assistant general manager will become certified upon successful
completion of subsets #1, #2, #3, #4, #5 and #6 listed on the Retail Training Program chart on the following pages.
Your Operating Partner must complete Retail Training which includes all applicable positions and consists of hands-on training
and may include classroom training, covering all phases of Bakery-Cafe operations, including food preparation, equipment operation and
maintenance, cost control, inventory control and basic techniques of baking. Certified Manager Program (CMP) is a ninety (90) to one
hundred (100) day program taught by a general manager who has been certified to train. Any bakery-cafe training will be conducted at a
certified Panera Bread training Bakery-Cafe. Current certification status from an ANSI Accredited Program, including ServSafe from National
Restaurant Association, National Registry from Environmental Health Testing, Prometrics, 360 Training or equivalent, or a Panera-approved
food safety course within the operating state, if offered by the state, is required for all active managers who run shifts. This includes all
General Managers and Cafe Management roles. Generally, training begins one hundred twenty (120) days before opening your Bakery-Cafe.
As of the date of this Disclosure Document, training programs and processes are under the direction of Ashli Smyth who has ten
(10) years of experience with training and over thirteen (13) years of experience in various roles within Retail Operations and Ops Services,
and Stacie Spaunhorst who has seventeen (17) years of experience with training. Various members of our staff and Panera Bread BakeryCafe management personnel who have experience in the operation of Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes conduct the training classes.
We will not charge any fees for attending the training programs. However, as described in Item 6, you will be responsible for all
compensation and expenses (including training materials, travel, meals and lodging) incurred in connection with any training programs.
Neither you nor your employees will receive any compensation from us for services performed during training.
Instructional materials for the training programs, the subjects covered in training, approximate hours of classroom and on-the-job
training, the instructors and the training locations are described below:
MANAGEMENT TRAINING
SUBJECT

INSTRUCTIONAL
MATERIAL

HOURS OF
CLASSROOM
TRAINING

HOURS OF
ON THE
JOB
TRAINING

INSTRUCTOR

LOCATION

Retail Training
(required for
Operating Partner
and all managers)

Certified Manager Program
(CMP)
Certified Manager Online
Curriculum
Team Member Training
Workbook
Shift Management Booklet
Cafe Transition Workbook

Optional 2 days
classroom
(Manager
Essentials)

90-100 days

Certified Training
General Managers
(TGM) with support of
market trainers

(See below for
all courses and
information)

The following are subsets of the Retail Training Program:
SUBJECT

INSTRUCTIONAL
MATERIAL

HOURS OF
CLASSROOM
TRAINING

HOURS OF
ON THE
JOB
TRAINING

INSTRUCTOR

LOCATION

1. New Hire
Training

New Hire Leader’s Guide &
Welcome Handout

3 hours, 15
minutes

None

Cafe Management or
Bakery Leader

Home BakeryCafe

2. CMP Orientation

Certified Manager Program:
None
Orientation & Team Member
Training
CMP Team Member Workbook

1 shift

Conducted by TGM or
market trainer.

Certified
Training
Bakery-Cafe
(See Note 1)

April 2025 Panera FDD

32

