Panera 2025 FDD (89)

nondisclosure agreements with your Owners, officers, directors, Operating Partner, managers, assistant managers, lead
bakers and the like, and you and your Owners must deliver such agreements to us. At the end of the Term, you and your
Owners must deliver to us all such Confidential Information in your possession or control, except for such information
as you are permitted to retain pursuant to Franchise Agreements then in effect. Your restrictions on disclosure and use of
Confidential Information do not apply to information or techniques which are or become generally known in the restaurant
industry (other than through your own disclosure), provided you obtain our prior written consent to such disclosure or use.
6.02
In-Term Covenants. During the Term, neither you nor any of your Owners may, without our consent
(which consent may be withheld at our discretion):
(a)
directly or indirectly (such as through an Affiliate or a member of his/her or their Immediate
Families) own any legal or beneficial interest in, or render services or give advice to: (1) any Competitive Business
located anywhere; or (2) any entity located anywhere that grants franchises, licenses or other interests to others
to operate any Competitive Business; or
(b)
divert or attempt to divert any business or customer of Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes to any
competitor or do anything injurious or prejudicial to the goodwill associated with the Marks or the System.
6.03
Information Exchange. All recipes, processes, ideas, concepts, advertising and promotional materials,
website pages and content, methods, techniques or materials used or useful to a restaurant, grocery store, bakery-cafe,
bakery or dough production business, or other business offering bakery products, whether or not constituting protectable
intellectual property (collectively, the “Materials”), that you create, or that are created on your behalf, in connection with
the development or operation of your Bakery-Cafes must be promptly disclosed to us. If we adopt any of such Materials
as part of the System, or deem them to be sufficiently related to us and our business to be considered proprietary, they
will be deemed to be our sole and exclusive property and deemed to be Works-made-for-Hire (as such term is defined
under Section 101 of the Copyright Act) for us, and to the extent the Materials may for any reason not be considered a
Work-made-for-Hire, you irrevocably convey, grant, transfer and assign to us all right, title and interest which you may
have now or in the future in and to the Materials. You agree to sign whatever assignment or other documents we request,
during and after the Term of this Agreement, to evidence our ownership or to assist us in securing intellectual property
rights in the Materials, and you warrant that you will obtain all rights from any third party acting on your behalf to comply
with this provision.
7.

AREA DEVELOPER'S RIGHT TO TRANSFER.

7.01
Franchisor's Approval. Your rights and duties under this Agreement are personal to you and your
Owners. Accordingly, neither you nor any of your Owners may Transfer the Development Rights without our prior
approval and without complying with the terms and conditions of Section 7. Any such transfer without such approval or
compliance constitutes a breach of this Agreement and is void and of no force or effect. You may not under any
circumstances directly or indirectly subfranchise or sublicense any of your rights hereunder.
7.02
Conditions for Approval. If we have not exercised our right of first refusal under Section 7.06, we
will not unreasonably withhold our approval of a Transfer of the Development Rights that meets all of the reasonable
restrictions, requirements and conditions we impose on the transfer, the transferor(s) and/or the transferee(s), including
the following:
(a)
you and your Owners and Affiliates must be in compliance with the provisions of this Agreement, all
Franchise Agreements executed pursuant hereto and all other agreements with us or any of our Affiliates;
(b)
the proposed transferee and its owners must provide us on a timely basis all information we request;
the transferee’s owners must be individuals acting in their individual capacities who are of good character and reputation;
and the transferee and its owners must have sufficient business experience, aptitude and financial resources to develop
Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes pursuant to this Agreement, and must otherwise meet our then-current standards for approval;
(c)
the proposed transferee may not be an entity, or be affiliated with an entity, that is an institutional or
professional investor or is required to comply with the reporting and information requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended;
(d)
the transferee (and its owners) must agree to be bound by all of the provisions of this Agreement for
the remainder of the Term;

10
April 2025

