Panera 2025 FDD (130)

plan developed by us or developed by you and approved by us prior to implementation. You must use the types of
advertising media specified in Section 10.02, and your grand opening program must be executed within ninety (90) days
after your Bakery-Cafe commences operation.
10.05. Advertising Associations. We have the right, at our sole discretion, to establish or approve local
and/or regional advertising associations for Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes in your local or regional areas, covering such
geographic areas as we may designate from time to time. You must participate in any such association and its programs
and abide by its by-laws. If your Bakery-Cafe is within the territory of an existing association at the time your Bakery-Cafe
opens for business, you agree to immediately become a member of the association. If an association applicable to your
Bakery-Cafe is established during the term of this Agreement, you agree to become a member no later than thirty (30) days
after the date approved by us for the association to commence operation. The following provisions shall apply to each
association:
(a)

Each association shall utilize a voting system of one vote per one eligible Panera Bread Bakery-

Cafe.
(b)
Each association shall be organized and governed in a form and manner, and shall commence
operations on a date, approved in advance by us in writing. No changes in the by-laws or other governing documents of
an association shall be made without our prior written consent.
(c)
Each association shall be organized for the exclusive purpose of administering advertising
programs and developing, subject to our approval, promotional materials for use by the members in the association.
(d)
No advertising or promotional plans or materials may be used by an association or furnished
to its members without prior approval by us pursuant to Section 10.05(f) below.
(e)
You and each other member of the association shall contribute to the association, using a
collection structure selected and established by us, the amount determined in accordance with the association's by-laws.
Any Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes owned by us or any of our Affiliates located in such designated local or regional area(s)
will contribute to the association on the same basis. Contributions to such local and/or regional advertising associations
are credited towards the advertising expenditures required by Section 10.02; however, if we provide you and your
association ninety (90) days' notice of a special promotion, including any regional promotions, you must participate in such
promotion and pay to us and/or the association any special promotion advertising fees assessed in connection therewith,
beginning on the effective date of such notice and continuing until such special promotion is concluded. Any such special
promotion advertising fees shall be in addition to, and not credited towards, the two percent (2%) advertising expenditure
required by Section 10.02.
(f)
All advertising and promotion by you and any associations established hereunder shall be in
such media and of such type and format as we may approve, shall be conducted in a dignified manner and shall conform
to such standards and requirements as we may specify. You or the association shall submit written samples of all proposed
advertising and promotional plans and materials to us for our approval (except with respect to prices to be charged) at
least thirty (30) days before their intended use, unless such plans and materials were prepared by us or have been approved
by us within the previous twelve (12) months. Proposed advertising plans or materials shall be deemed to have been
approved if they have not been disapproved by us within fifteen (15) days after their receipt by us.
(g)
At our request, you shall furnish us with copies of such information and documentation
evidencing your association contributions as we may require in order to evidence your compliance with Section 10.02.
10.06. Franchisee Websites. You agree not to promote, offer or sell any products or services relating to your
Bakery-Cafe, or to use any of the Marks, through the Internet without our consent. In connection with any such consent,
we may grant you the right to promote and market your Bakery-Cafe over the Internet through one (1) website
(“Authorized Website”) that meets all of our standards and requirements as we may establish and modify from time to
time. The website shall be identified by a domain name which shall be designated by us (“Authorized Domain Name”).
Such standards and requirements may include (a) obtaining our prior written approval of any Internet domain name and
home page addresses; (b) assignment to us of any Internet domain name(s) you have registered in connection with the
development, ownership or operation of your Bakery-Cafe; (c) submission for our approval of all website pages, materials
and content; (d) obtaining our prior written approval for use of all hyperlinks and other links; (e) restrictions on use of any
materials (including text, video clips, photographs, images, sound bites and the like) in which any third party has any
18

April 2025

