Panera 2025 FDD (208)

3.2
Termination. Either Party may terminate this Agreement and/or any Order or any part of an Order
applicable to a single Bakery-Café if the other Party breaches any of the terms of this Agreement or the Order,
and, if such breach is capable of cure, fails to cure such breach within thirty (30) days of receiving written notice
specifying the breach. In any event, Panera shall have the right to terminate any Order on ninety (90) days written
notice with or without cause.
Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason other than Panera’s uncured breach, Fees will continue to be
due and payable (if not prepaid) until the date that the then-current Panera Software or Third Party Products
Subscription Period was scheduled to expire.
3.3
Effect of Termination; Survival. Upon termination of this Agreement and/or any Order for any reason, (a)
all Franchisee access and use rights granted pursuant to this Agreement and/or the applicable Order will
terminate; (b) Franchisee must promptly cease all use of terminated Offerings and de-install all Panera Software,
Third Party Software, and any components thereof; (c) Franchisee must return all Third-Party Products and other
materials and equipment provided by Panera in connection with the Offerings, (d) return all related Customer
Data (as defined in the Franchise Documents), and (e) all Confidential Information (as defined in the Franchise
Documents) shall remain subject to Franchisee’s confidentiality obligations under this Agreement and the
Franchise Documents. All provisions of this Agreement and the Order which expressly or by their nature are
intended to survive its expiration or termination, will survive its expiration or termination. Franchisee must certify
in writing to Panera, by an Authorized Representative of Franchisee, that it has completed 3.3(a)-(e) within ten
(10) days of termination. The termination or expiration of this Agreement or any Order shall not relieve either
Party of any obligations that may have accrued prior to the effective date of such termination or expiration,
including, without limitation, the obligation of Franchisee to pay Panera for Offerings ordered and Services
performed prior to the effective date of termination or expiration.
3.4
Policies. Each Party will comply with all policies related to the Offerings. Panera or its Authorized Third
Parties may modify their respective policies from time to time.
3.5
Suspension. Without limiting any other right Panera may have, Panera may suspend Franchisee’s and any
other Authorized User’s access to any portion or all of the Offerings if any of the following occur (a “Service
Suspension”):
3.5.1 Panera reasonably determines that: (I) there is a threat or attack on any of the Offerings; (II)
Franchisee’s or any other Authorized User’s use of any of the Offerings disrupts or poses a security risk to
Panera, one or more of the Offerings, or to any other franchisee, customer or vendor of Panera or user of
any of the Offerings; (III) Franchisee or any other Authorized User uses any of the Offerings for fraudulent
or illegal activities; (IV) subject to Applicable Law, Franchisee has ceased to continue its business in the
ordinary course or as otherwise stated in the Franchise Documents; (V) Panera’s provision of the Offerings
to Franchisee or any other Authorized User is prohibited by Applicable Law; or (VI) Franchisee is in
violation of the use restrictions set forth in this Agreement;
3.5.2 Any Authorized Third Party of Panera has suspended services or terminated Panera’s access to or
use of any Third-Party Products required to enable Franchisee to access the Offerings; or
3.5.3 If Franchisee fails to cure any monetary breach of this Agreement within ten (10) days after notice
of the same, or upon written notice if Franchisee’s account is past due on three (3) or more occasions
during a twelve (12) month period.
Panera shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide written notice of any Service Suspension to
Franchisee and to provide updates regarding resumption of access to the Offerings following any Service
Suspension. Panera shall use commercially reasonable efforts to resume providing access to the Offerings
as soon as reasonably possible after the event giving rise to the Service Suspension is cured. Panera will

6

