Panera 2025 FDD (98)

EXHIBIT A
TO THE AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT
BETWEEN PANERA, LLC
AND
___________________
DATED
,
1.

The Term expires on

,

.

2.
Development Area. The Development Area is the geographic area described as follows and shown on
the map attached hereto as Exhibit A-1:

Political boundaries described above shall be considered fixed as of the date of this Agreement and shall not change for
the purpose hereof, notwithstanding a political reorganization or change to such boundaries or regions. All street
boundaries shall be deemed to end at the street center line unless otherwise specified above.
3.1
Development Schedule. You and your Affiliates must have open and in operation in the Development
Area, pursuant to Franchise Agreements, that cumulative number of Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes set forth below as of each
of the following dates:
Cumulative Number of Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes

Date

For purposes hereof, no Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes that are open and operating as of the date of this Agreement
shall be counted for purposes of the Development Schedule. In addition, a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe that is permanently
closed after having been opened, other than as a result of noncompliance by you with the terms of the applicable Franchise
Agreement, shall be deemed open for a period of six (6) months after the last day it was open for business, provided that:
(i) during such period of time, you continuously and diligently take such actions as may be required to develop and open
a substitute Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe within the Development Area pursuant to a new Franchise Agreement therefor;
and (ii) by the end of such period you have the substitute Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe open and operating in compliance
with the Franchise Agreement therefor.
3.2
Site Acceptance Letter Schedule. We must have issued to you Site Acceptance Letters for sites within
the Development Area in accordance with that cumulative number of Site Acceptance Letters set forth below as of each
of the following dates:
Cumulative Number of Sites issued Site Acceptance Letters

Date

The Site Acceptance Letter Schedule shall be in addition to and independent of the Development Schedule. As
of the date first listed above, there are no Site Acceptance Letters issued that shall be counted for purposes of the above
1
April 2025

