Panera 2025 FDD (95)

proceed against us or any of our Affiliates, shareholders, members, managers, officers, directors, employees, agents,
successors and assigns by way of class action, or by way of a multi-plaintiff, consolidated or collective action. In any legal
action between the parties, the court shall not be precluded from making its own independent determination of the issues
in question, notwithstanding the similarity of issues in any other legal action involving us and any other area developer,
and each party waives the right to claim that a prior disposition of the same or similar issues precludes such independent
determination.
Furthermore, the parties agree that in the event any legal action is filed in connection with this
Agreement, such action shall be tried to the court sitting without a jury, and all parties hereto waive any right to
have any action tried by jury.
11.09
Construction. The language of this Agreement shall be construed according to its fair meaning and
not strictly against any party. The introduction, personal guarantees, exhibits and riders (if any) to this Agreement are a
part of this Agreement, which constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.
Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, there are no other oral or written agreements, understandings,
representations or statements between us and you relating to the subject matter of this Agreement, other than our franchise
disclosure document, that either party may or does rely on or that will have any force or effect. Nothing in this Agreement
is intended or shall be deemed to confer any rights or remedies on any person or legal entity not a party hereto. This
Agreement shall not be modified except by written agreement signed by both parties. Time is of the essence in this
Agreement.
To facilitate the execution of this Agreement by geographically separated parties, it may be executed in two or
more counterparts, all of which shall constitute one agreement. The execution by one party of any counterpart shall be
sufficient execution by that party whether or not the same counterpart has been executed by any other party. This
Agreement shall become effective when each party has signed at least one counterpart. All facsimile, scanned or electronic
executions (e.g., DocuSign) shall be treated as originals for all purposes.
The headings of the Sections are for convenience only and do not limit or construe their contents. The term
“including” shall be construed to include the words “without limitation.” The term “Area Developer” or “you” is
applicable to one or more persons, a corporation, limited liability company or a partnership and its owners, as the case
may be. If two or more persons are at any time Area Developer hereunder, whether as partners, joint venturers or
otherwise, their obligations and liabilities to us shall be joint and several. References to a controlling interest in an entity
shall mean more than fifty percent (50%) of the equity or voting control of such entity.
11.10
Approvals and Consents. Whenever this Agreement requires the approval or consent of either party,
the other party shall make written request therefor, and such approval or consent shall be obtained in writing; provided
however, unless specified otherwise in this Agreement, such party may withhold approval or consent, for any good faith
reason. Furthermore, unless specified otherwise in this Agreement, no such approval or consent shall be deemed to
constitute a warranty or representation of any kind, express or implied, and the approving or consenting party shall have
no responsibility, liability or obligation arising therefrom.
11.11
Notices. All notices, requests and reports permitted or required to be made by the provisions of this
Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed delivered: (a) at the time delivered by hand to the recipient party or
any officer, director or partner of the recipient party; (b) one (1) business day after transmission by facsimile, or other
electronic system, if the sender has confirmation of successful transmission, or the same day it is sent by facsimile or email
if the sender has a confirmation of receipt on that same day; (c) one (1) business day after being placed in the hands of a
commercial courier service for guaranteed overnight delivery; or (d) five (5) business days after placement in the United
States Mail by Registered or Certified Mail, Return Receipt Requested, postage prepaid. All notices to us must include a
copy to our General Counsel and our Chief Financial Officer to be effective. Such notices, requests and reports shall be
sent to the addresses identified in this Agreement unless and until a different address has been designated by appropriate
written notice to the other party.
11.12
No Waiver or Disclaimer of Reliance in Certain States. The following provision applies only to
franchisees and franchises that are subject to the state franchise disclosure laws in California, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana,
Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North Dakota, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington or
Wisconsin:
No statement, questionnaire or acknowledgment signed or agreed by you in connection with the commencement
of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including

16
April 2025

