Panera 2025 FDD (45)

rights as franchisor) that are part of another franchise system or chain, regardless whether any or all of them are converted to use any or all
of the Marks and the System or continue to be operated independently.
Except as otherwise expressly provided in the Area Development Agreement, we retain all of our rights and discretion with respect
to the Marks, the System and Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes anywhere in the world, including the right to: (a) operate, and grant to others the
right to operate, Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes at the locations and on the terms and conditions we deem appropriate; (b) sell any products or
services under any trademarks, service marks or trade dress, including the Marks, through other channels of distribution, (including wholesale
distribution of bread, baked goods or other products to restaurants, grocery stores, caterers and other outlets and using such media as deemed
appropriate including the Internet, catalog sales, telemarketing or other direct marketing); and (c) operate, and grant to others the right to
operate, retail food establishments (including restaurants, cafes or bakeries) identified by tradenames, trademarks, service marks or trade
dress, other than the Marks, on the terms and conditions we deem appropriate.
In the Development Area you must have open and operating, on the dates they are to be open and operating, the cumulative
number of Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes as set forth in the Development Schedule and we must have issued to you that number of Site
Acceptance Letters by the dates set forth in the Site Acceptance Letter Schedule. We have no obligation under any circumstances to extend
the Development Schedule or the Site Acceptance Letter Schedule. Your failure to develop and operate Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes in
accordance with the Development Schedule or to have Site Acceptance Letters issued in accordance with the Site Acceptance Letter Schedule
will be a material breach of the Area Development Agreement.
As a condition to entering into a new Area Development Agreement for additional development in a development area where you
operate Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes (whether you developed the Bakery-Cafes or purchased the Bakery-Cafes) we may require a commitment
from you to remodel the existing Bakery-Cafes you own. You must re-equip, upgrade and/or remodel your Bakery-Cafes, pursuant to our
then-current policy, process, plans and specifications, including, but not limited to equipment and production enhancements. Your failure
to remodel the Bakery-Cafes in accordance with the Remodel Schedule will be a material breach of the Area Development Agreement.
Competing Businesses.
As described in Item 1, we recognize that the “Saint Louis Bread” name has valuable name recognition in St. Louis, Missouri.
Accordingly, some of our company-owned Bakery-Cafes in the St. Louis, Missouri market area will operate under the “Saint Louis Bread”
name. All other company-owned and franchised Bakery-Cafes will operate under the “Panera Bread” name.
As of the date of this Disclosure Document, we distribute Panera branded soups through select retailers in selected United States
markets using a third-party manufacturer distributor (the “Retail Soup Program”) and also distribute salad dressings, ground coffee products,
bread, bagels, English muffins, macaroni and cheese, pastas, flatbreads, and rolls through similar retail channels of distribution. Generally,
we refer to the distribution and sale of our branded items in other retail locations as Panera at Home, or our Consumer Packaged Goods
Program (“CPG”). Currently we are exploring other potential retail opportunities.
As described in Item 1, we have, through common ownership by Parent Company and JAB, affiliates whose stores/restaurants sell
goods and services that are similar to the goods and services that you will sell from your Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe. There will be no
restrictions on any of the stores/restaurants operating, or soliciting or accepting orders, within the Development Areas under Area
Development Agreements or Protected Areas under Franchise Agreements. As Panera operates independently, it is not anticipated that
there will be any procedures to resolve any potential conflicts regarding territory, customers or franchisor support.

April 2025 Panera FDD

40

