Panera 2025 FDD (40)

Local Advertising Funds.
You agree to spend at least the amount specified in Item 6 for local advertising and promotion of each of your Bakery-Cafes. These
amounts spent on local advertising and promotion will be designated as Local Advertising Funds (“LAF”). At our request, you shall furnish
us with copies of invoices and other documentation evidencing your expenditure for LAF. We shall provide you with not less than thirty
(30) days’ notice of any determination by us to change the minimum amount of the LAF you must spend. If we determine that you have
spent an amount less than our prescribed minimum amount of Net Sales during each of our fiscal years for locally advertising and promoting
your Bakery-Cafe, we may collect LAF contributions directly from you. LAF contributions will be payable on the first business day following
each Reporting Period together with the Royalty Fees. The LAF monies will be used to pay for the cost of implementing local marketing
plans developed by you and approved by us or, if we collect LAF contributions from you, to reimburse you (up to an amount not to exceed
the LAF contributions so collected) for the costs incurred by you in implementing local marketing plans developed by you and approved by
us. For these purposes, qualifying LAF expenditures include, but are not limited to: (a) amounts contributed to advertising associations; and
(b) amounts spent by you for (i) grand opening advertising and promotional programs pursuant to the Franchise Agreement; (ii) advertising
media, such as television, radio, Internet, magazine, newspaper, billboards, posters, direct mail, collateral and promotional items, advertising
on public vehicles (transit and aerial) and, if not provided by us, the cost of producing approved materials necessary to participate in these
media; (iii) seasonal campaign POP; and (iv) other qualifying community marketing expenses as outlined in the Marketing Standards. Nonqualifying LAF advertising expenditures include amounts spent for items which we, in our reasonable judgment, deem inappropriate for
meeting the minimum advertising requirement, including permanent on-premises signs and menuboard hardware, lighting, administrative
costs, Yellow Pages advertising, discounts/coupon offers, free offers and employee incentive programs. We may supplement the list of
qualifying and non-qualifying LAF expenditures from time to time and revise such list periodically. The current list of qualifying and nonqualifying LAF expenditures is available in the Policy Manual (including Panera’s online resources, such as The Pantry or a similar or successor
site established by Panera). All advertising programs and materials, including those that qualify for LAF, are subject to our approval.
In the event you are approved to participate in any operations or marketing tests, including, but not limited to, the testing of any
product, program, media activity, you will be required to enter into a test agreement which will outline all requirements for the testing. All
test requirements, processes and procedures must be adhered to as outlined by us, any applicable costs (smallwares, product, media or costs
for any associated marketing activities) will be the franchisee's responsibility, and you must provide, complete data statistics on the test for
our review and evaluation. Because the testing phase involves evaluation and analysis of pricing in a test environment, in order to effectively
evaluate the full scope of the test we will recommend pricing.
Marketing Administration Fee.
In addition to the advertising and promotion expenditures and/or contributions discussed above, you must pay a Marketing
Administration Fee (“MAF”) described in Item 6. (At our discretion, the funds may be electronically drafted.) The MAF is our exclusive
property and will be used by Panera to cover, among other things, the costs of supporting and conducting market research activities, concept
development (food and customer experience, project development and testing), design development (design, store prototyping and testing),
and maintenance, administration and direction of the foregoing activities. We do not have to separately account to you for the MAF or the
expenditures from it.
Advertising Approvals and Initial Advertising Costs.
You must submit to us for our prior approval, a marketing plan annually for your market(s) and a marketing plan for each new
Bakery-Cafe opening along with samples of all advertising and promotional materials not prepared by us or previously approved by us and
which vary from our standard advertising and promotional materials by following the creative approval process, which may be updated from
time to time. You must spend a minimum of ten thousand dollars ($10,000) for grand opening advertising and promotional programs for
your Bakery-Cafe pursuant to a grand opening marketing plan developed by us or developed by you and approved by us prior to
implementation. The grand opening advertising and promotional programs costs will be applied toward the required LAF expenditures.
You must use the types of advertising media specified in Section 10.02 of the Franchise Agreement and you must conduct your grand opening
program within ninety (90) days after your Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe begins operation. If you elect to work with a marketing firm (including,
but not limited to, an advertising agency or public relations firm) you must obtain our written approval of such marketing firm, and such
marketing firm must execute a Panera approved confidentiality agreement before you sign any contracts or share any Confidential
Information, as defined in your Franchise Agreement, with such marketing firm. Marketing or advertising firms employed by you will not
be permitted access to any limited access online resources (including The Pantry or a similar or successor site established by Panera) or any
other information regardless of a confidentiality agreement having been executed.

April 2025 Panera FDD

35

