Panera 2025 FDD (211)

includes phone number(s) and email address(es) for both a primary contact and an operational/technical contact
(e.g., network engineer or routing engineer) and providing Panera with technical configuration details upon
request. If Franchisee fails to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement or Panera is prevented, delayed
or otherwise unable to perform any of its obligations due to any other act or omission of Franchisee (“Franchisee
Default”) then, in addition to any other rights and remedies under other provisions of this Agreement or by
applicable law, including the right to claim damages in the event of a Franchisee Default, Panera shall be entitled
to rely on such Franchisee Default as relieving it from the performance of any of its obligations and/or invoice
Franchisee for Fees for the Panera Software or Third Party Products provided notwithstanding the Franchisee
Default. If, for any reason, a Franchisee is in default under its Franchise Agreement, it will operate as a default
under this Agreement.
8.
USERS. If specified, Franchisee shall limit the number of individual users of the Panera Software or Third
Party Products as specified in the applicable Order. Authorized User licenses cannot be shared or used by more
than one user. Panera has the right to verify electronically (or otherwise),and generate, or require Franchisee to
generate and provide, reports related to Franchisee’s installation of, access to, and use of the Panera Software
and Third-Party Products to ensure compliance with the terms of this Agreement.
9.

LIMITATIONS ON USE. Franchisee and its Users shall not, and shall not permit any third party to:
a.

copy or republish the Panera Software or the Third Party Products

b.
make any Panera Software or the Third Party Products available to any person other than its
Authorized Users;
c.
rent, lend, sell, sublicense, or use Panera Software or the software provided through the Third
Party Products to provide service bureau, time-sharing or other services to third parties;
d.
install the Panera Software or the Third Party Products in, or connect a Source to, the Panera
Software or software provided through the Third Party Products from any country outside of the United
States;
e.
send or store viruses, spyware, ransomware, timebombs, Trojan horses, or other harmful or
malicious code, or files to or in connection with any Offering;
f.

send or store infringing, or otherwise unlawful material in connection with any Offering;

g.

modify or create derivative works based upon Panera Software or the Third Party Products;

h.
remove, modify, or obscure any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notices contained in
the Panera Software or the Third Party Products or related documentation;
i.
reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to derive the source code used
or embodied in the Panera Software or the Third Party Products, which for the avoidance of doubt
includes the related algorithms, methods, and techniques;
j.
access or use Panera Software or the Third Party Products in order to build a similar or competitive
product;
k.
conduct any stress tests, competitive benchmarking or analysis on, or publish any performance
data of, an Offering (provided, that this does not prevent Franchisee from comparing the products to
other products for Franchisee’s internal business use so long as they are approved by Panera);
l.

use the Software other than in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations;

m.
use the Panera Software or the Third Party Products in any manner that: (a) is harmful, fraudulent,
deceptive, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, or libelous (including
9

