Panera 2025 FDD (125)

Bakery-Cafe will offer courteous and efficient service and a pleasant ambiance, consistent with your acknowledgements in
Section 1.02.
9.03.

Purchase of Food Products.

(a)
Requirement to Purchase Food Products. You acknowledge and agree that the reputation and
goodwill of Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes are based on, and can be maintained only by, the sale of distinctive high quality
food products. Therefore, you agree to purchase exclusively from Approved Distributors all those Food Products we
authorize from time to time to be manufactured, produced, or supplied solely and exclusively by one or more Designated
Suppliers (“Key Food Products”). Further, you agree to purchase only from Approved Distributors all other Food
Products we authorize from time to time to be manufactured, produced, or supplied by Approved Suppliers (“Other Food
Products”), subject to your right to purchase such Other Food Products from Alternative Approved Suppliers in
accordance with Section 9.03(c). We reserve the right to designate any Food Products as a Key Food Product or as an
Other Food Product and the right to redesignate from time to time at our discretion any Key Food Product as an Other
Food Product and vice versa. You acknowledge and agree that we do not act as your agent, representative, or in any other
intermediary or fiduciary capacity for you in our relationship with any Designated Suppliers, Approved Suppliers,
Alternative Approved Suppliers, or Approved Distributors. Subject to the provisions contained in this Section 9.03, you
acknowledge and agree that (i) we and/or our Affiliates may receive payments, fees, commission, or reimbursements from
distributors, suppliers, or third parties in respect to purchases by franchisees, (ii) we and/or our Affiliates may have
investments in such distributors or suppliers, and (iii) we and/or our Affiliates may profit from your purchases of Food
Products from Approved Distributors.
(b)
Terms of Sale. All Key Food Products and Other Food Products are sold at prices and on
credit and shipping terms established from time to time by the distributor thereof. Neither Approved Distibutors,
Designated Suppliers, nor Approved Suppliers shall be liable for any delay in the delivery of any Food Products as a result
of any Force Majeure. Approved Distibutors, Designated Suppliers, or Approved Suppliers may establish policies and
procedures from time to time for the allocation and distribution of Food Products among Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes.
(c)
Purchases from Alternative Approved Suppliers. You have the right to purchase Other Food
Products manufactured, produced, or supplied by an Alternative Approved Supplier approved by us in accordance with
this Section 9.03(c) and the Policy Manual. If you propose to purchase any such Other Food Products manufactured,
produced, or supplied by an alternative supplier who is not then approved by us, you and the proposed supplier must
submit to us all information that we may request in order to determine whether to approve the supplier. We will have the
right to approve or disapprove any supplier, and we may approve a supplier conditionally. In evaluating any supplier you
propose, we may, subject to restrictions and conditions to protect our trade secrets and confidential information, disclose
to such proposed supplier applicable standards, specifications, ingredients, recipes, processes, equipment and procedures
for the item in sufficient detail to enable the proposed supplier to demonstrate its capacity and capabilities to supply the
items in accordance with our requirements with respect thereto. Within one hundred twenty (120) days after we receive
all requested information, we will communicate to you in writing our decision to approve or disapprove the proposed
alternative supplier. We will evaluate proposed alternative suppliers on their ability to comply with applicable standards,
specifications, ingredients, recipes, processes, and procedures, as well as their use of approved equipment, and we will only
approve those proposed alternative suppliers that meet our high standards. You agree to notify us at least thirty (30) days
in advance before you first start purchasing any Other Food Products manufactured, produced, or supplied by an
Alternative Approved Supplier who is already approved by us. We may disapprove any supplier who we previously
approved, and you may not, after receipt of notice of disapproval, reorder Food Products manufactured, produced, or
supplied by any supplier we have disapproved.
We may prescribe procedures for the submission of requests for approval and impose obligations on Alternative
Approved Suppliers, which will be incorporated in a written license agreement with the supplier. We may obtain from
you and/or such Alternative Approved Suppliers reimbursement of our reasonable costs and expenses incurred in
connection with the approval process and on-going monitoring of the supplier’s compliance with our requirements, but
we will not profit from the sale to you of Other Food Products manufactured, produced, or supplied by an Alternative
Approved Supplier. You acknowledge and agree that we do not act as your agent, representative or in any other
intermediary or fiduciary capacity for you in our relationship or dealings with Alternative Approved Suppliers. We may
impose limits on the number of Alternative Approved Suppliers we approve. We have the right to monitor the quality of
Food Products manufactured, produced, or supplied by Alternative Approved Suppliers in a manner we deem appropriate
and we may terminate any Alternative Approved Supplier who does not meet our quality standards and specifications, as
may be in effect from time to time. If you purchase one or more types of Other Food Products manufactured, produced,
13

April 2025

