Panera 2025 FDD (36)

5.

We, at our discretion, may administer marketing and advertising funds for the development of advertising and related programs and
materials. (Franchise Agreement, Section 10);

6.

We will provide periodic and on-going training programs for you and/or your Operating Partner (See Item 15) and your other
personnel. However, as described in Item 6, you will be responsible for all compensation and expenses (including training materials,
travel, meals and lodging) incurred in connection with any training programs. This training is described in detail later in this Item.
(Franchise Agreement, Section 4.01);

7.

We, at your request or at our discretion, may provide you with guidance for establishing your own certified training programs for
certain personnel. (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.04); and

8.

We may offer guidance to you relating to prices for products and services offered and sold at your Bakery-Cafe that in our judgment
constitute good business practice. You will not enter into any agreement or arrangement or engage in any concerted practice with
competitors relating to prices at which products or services will be sold by you or by such competitors. (Franchise Agreement,
Section 9.11).

Site Selection.
You select the site for your Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe, subject to our acceptance. If we do not accept a site you propose, you may
select another site, subject to our acceptance. If you enter into an Area Development Agreement with us, you must select sites within your
specified geographic area as set forth in your Area Development Agreement. We will provide you with our standard site selection criteria
and/or on-site evaluations of sites, as we deem appropriate.
Before you acquire, by lease or purchase, any site for a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe, you must submit a complete site information
package to us. We will review each site information package and determine whether to accept or reject the site after considering factors we
deem appropriate, including, without limitation, the general location and neighborhood, demographic information, traffic patterns, access,
visibility, location of other restaurants and food establishments, size, configuration, appearance and other physical characteristics of the site.
If we accept the site, we will deliver to you a signed Site Acceptance Letter. We will use reasonable efforts to make a site acceptance decision
within thirty (30) days after we acknowledge receipt of a complete Site Information Package and any other materials we have requested.
(Area Development Agreement, Section 3.02). If you, one of your Owners, or one of your Affiliates at any time owns the premises for your
Bakery-Cafe, you must immediately notify us and we may require that you or such Owner or Affiliate (1) enter into an agreement with us in
recordable form granting us the right and option, in the event of a termination (for whatever reason) of the Franchise Agreement, to lease
the premises at fair market rental rates for a term coterminus (in absence of an early termination) with the term of the Franchise Agreement
(with an option to extend for 10 years) for such premises; or (2) enter into a prime lease with us at fair market rental rates for a term
coterminus with the term of the Franchise Agreement (with an option to extend for 10 years) for such premises and a sublease with us on
the same terms as the prime lease. The prime lease and sublease referenced in the preceding sentence shall be on the then-current lease and
sublease forms used by us.
Neither our acceptance of the premises nor any information communicated to you regarding our standard site selection criteria for
Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes or the specific location of the premises will constitute a warranty or representation of any kind, express or implied,
as to the suitability of the site for a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe. Our acceptance of the proposed site merely signifies that we are willing to
grant a franchise for a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe at the site. Your Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe may not be relocated without first obtaining
our written consent. Requests for our consent to any relocation should be made at least six (6) months prior to the intended closing date for
the Bakery-Cafe to be relocated and identify a proposed relocation site. As part of the approval process, you will also be required to submit
to us additional information that we may request relating to the proposed relocation, including the specific reasons for the relocation and
details regarding the proposed relocation site. You will be required to pay a relocation fee of Seven Thousand Five Hundred Dollars
($7,500.00) to defray some of Panera’s administrative costs related to the closing of a Bakery-Cafe and relocating it to another location.
(Franchise Agreement Section 6.03)
We estimate the time from the date you sign the Franchise Agreement to the date you open your Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe to be
between one (1) and nine (9) months. However, this time estimate may vary depending on numerous factors including location, construction
schedules and financing.
Under the Franchise Agreement, you must lease or purchase the premises for your Panera Bakery-Cafe within one hundred eighty
(180) days after the date of our Site Acceptance Letter; must start construction of your Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe within sixty (60) days after
the later of (a) delivery to you of the right of possession of the premises and (b) issuance of all permits and licenses required for construction
and/or renovation of the premises; and finally, you must open your Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe within one hundred eighty (180) days after
the start of construction. (Franchise Agreement, Sections 3.02 and 3.03.)

April 2025 Panera FDD

31

