Panera 2025 FDD (175)

(1) keep accounts of and have the care and custody of and be responsible for all the funds
and securities of the Corporation;
(2) deposit all such funds in the name of the Corporation in such bank or banks, trust
company or trust companies, or safe deposit vaults as the Board of Directors may designate;
(3) exhibit, at times required by law or these Bylaws, the corporate financial books and
accounts to any director upon application at the office of the Corporation during business hours;
(4) render a statement of the condition of the finances of the Corporation (at each regular
meeting of the Board of Directors, and at such other times as it will be required of the Treasurer) and
a full financial report at the annual meeting of the directors;
(5) keep at the office of the Corporation current books of account of all of its business
transactions and such other books of account that the Board of Directors may require;
(6) jointly with the President, sign and make contracts and agreements in the name of the
Corporation;
(7) jointly with the President, sign notes, drafts or bills of exchange, warrants or other orders
for the payment of money duly drawn on behalf of the Corporation;
(8) jointly with the President, purchase on behalf of the Corporation, tangible or intangible
assets, and
(9) do and perform all other duties pertaining to the office of the Treasurer.
F. Assistant Secretary and Assistant Treasurer. The Assistant Secretary or Assistant Secretaries and
the Assistant Treasurer or Assistant Treasurers will, in the absence or disability of the Secretary, or Treasurer,
respectively, perform the duties of such officer and generally assist, in the case of an Assistant Secretary, the
Secretary, or an Assistant Treasurer, the Treasurer.
Section 5.8.

Delegation of Duties

In the case of the absence or disability of any officer of the Corporation or for any other reason deemed sufficient
by a majority of the Board, the Board of Directors may delegate such officer's respective powers or duties to any other
officer or to any director or agent of the Corporation for a specified period or until said delegation is revoked by the Board
of Directors, provided that such delegation is otherwise permitted by law and by the Articles of Incorporation and these
Bylaws.
ARTICLE 6
Contributions
Section 6.1.

Contributions

The Members will determine at a Member meeting the amount of contributions to be paid to the Corporation
by its Members from time to time. The amount of the contributions will generally be a percentage of Net Sales, as defined
in the most recent Franchise Disclosure Document (FDD) issued by the Franchisor, uniform among Members on a per
Bakery-Cafe basis. The Members may, subject to Franchisor’s approval, vary the level of benefits and/or contributions
for any Bakery-Cafe that is located in a geographical area in which broadcast coverage is less than eighty-five percent
(85%), according to the most recent A.C. Nielsen or Arbitron coverage study, in order to achieve approximate equivalence
in contributions and benefits of Members. If any Bakery-Cafes of a Member are located in geographical areas covered,
according to the most recent A.C. Nielsen or Arbitron coverage study, by more than one regional advertising association,
the variation in benefits and/or contribution may be coordinated with such other regional advertising association.
Section 6.2.

Payment of Contributions

9

