Panera 2025 FDD (170)

Section 3.12.

Voting

Each Member will be entitled at each Members’ meeting and upon each matter presented at such meeting to one
vote for each Bakery-Cafe located in the Association Area that the Member owns, or, in the case of Franchisor, owns or
operates. Notwithstanding the fixing of the record date in Section 3.10, Members may only participate in and vote at
meetings subject to being in good standing, in accordance with the Bylaws, both on the record date and at the time of the
meeting. Furthermore, in the event that a meeting is postponed or continued, a Member must be in good standing at the
time the meeting is reconvened in order to participate and vote at the meeting.
Any Member who is not in good standing pursuant to Section 3.4(a) hereof shall have all rights and privileges of
membership (including the right to vote and participate as a Member, director or officer in any meeting) suspended. Any
Member who is not in good standing pursuant to Section 3.4(b) hereof shall have its right to vote (but not its right to
participate) suspended at any meeting of the Members or the board of directors of the Corporation. Any dispute regarding
the good standing of a Member and its right to vote at a membership meeting will be determined conclusively by the
Chairman of the meeting, in conjunction with the representative of the Franchisor present at the meeting, which
determination will be final and binding. Any such suspension shall continue until the Member is in good standing again.
The list of Members must be produced at any Member’s meeting upon the request of any Member. Upon the
demand of any Member, the vote upon any question before the meeting must be by written ballot. Except as otherwise
provided by these Bylaws, by the Act, or by the Articles of Incorporation, all matters will be decided by a majority of the
votes of Members present at the meeting. There is no cumulative voting for directors or on any other matter.
Section 3.13.

Representatives

If a Member is a corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other business entity, the Member will
duly authorize one (1) person to represent its interests at Association meetings (the “Representative”). The
Representative must be a: (i) shareholder, partner, member (in case of an LLC), director or officer of the Member; or
(ii) the Member’s Operating Partner, as defined in the Member’s franchise agreement; or (iii) in the event the Member is
Franchisor or one of its affiliates, an officer or other designated representative of Franchisor or its affiliate. The
Corporation shall be entitled to rely on any written authorization appointing the Representative that the Corporation in
good faith believes to be valid unless and until the Corporation shall have received an authorization for a successor
Representative that the Corporation in good faith believes to be valid. The Corporation shall be entitled to rely on the
Representative’s decisions, votes and consents to bind the Member at any such meeting without any further inquiry. The
same person can be a Representative for more than one (1) Member.
Section 3.14.

Action Without Meeting

Any action of the Members of the Corporation may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without
a vote, if one or more consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, are signed by the Members having not less
than two-thirds (2/3) of the votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all
Members entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. Such consents must be delivered to the Corporation in the
manner required by the Act. Neither the Articles of Incorporation nor these Bylaws will be construed, interpreted or
deemed to have, in any way, limited or prevented the utilization of the ability to take written action in lieu of formal
meetings as may be permitted by the Act.
Section 3.15.

Organization

Meetings of the Members must be presided over by the President, or if he is not present, by the Vice President,
if a Vice President has been elected, or if neither the President nor the Vice President is present, then by a chairman to be
chosen by a majority of the Members entitled to vote who are present in person at the meeting. The Secretary of the
Corporation, or in his absence, the Assistant Secretary, will act as secretary of every meeting, but if neither is present, the
Members entitled to vote who are present in person may choose any person present to act as secretary of the meeting.
At all meetings of the Members the order of business will be as follows:
(1) Calling meeting to order.

4

