Panera 2025 FDD (173)

Section 4.13.

Compensation

Directors must not receive any stated salary for their services as directors or as members of committees, but by
resolution of the Board a fixed fee and/or expenses of attendance may be allowed for attendance at each meeting.
Section 4.14.

Attendance by Telephone

Any member or members of the Board of Directors will be deemed present and voting at a meeting of the Board
if said member or members participate in the meeting by means of a conference telephone or other communications
equipment enabling all persons participating in the meeting to hear each other at the same time. Participation by such
means will constitute presence in person at a meeting.
ARTICLE 5
Officers
Section 5.1.

Officers

The officers of this Corporation will consist of a President, a Secretary and a Treasurer, and may consist of such
other officers, including but not limited to one (1) or more Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers
with such titles, powers and duties as may be prescribed from time to time by the Board of Directors. They will be elected
by the Board of Directors at its annual meeting.
Section 5.2.

Term of Office; Vacancies

Each officer shall hold office for one (1) year and until such officer's successor is duly elected and qualified. A
vacancy in any office arising from any cause may be filled for the unexpired portion of the term by the Board of Directors.
Section 5.3.

Removal of Officers

Any officer may be removed at any time with or without cause by action of the Board of Directors by the
affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office. Election or appointment of an officer will not of itself create
contract rights.
Section 5.4.

Resignations

An officer may resign at any time by delivering notice to the Corporation. A resignation is effective when the
notice is delivered unless the notice specifies a later effective date. If a resignation is made effective at a later date and the
Corporation accepts the future effective date, the Board of Directors may fill the pending vacancy before the effective
date if the Board of Directors provides that the successor does not take office until the effective date of the pending
vacancy.
Section 5.5.

Compensation

No compensation will be paid to any officer of the Corporation, except the Board of Directors may determine a
fixed fee or other reimbursement for expenses.
Section 5.6.

Refund of Payment

In the event that the Internal Revenue Service disallows, in whole or in part, the deduction by the Corporation
as an ordinary and necessary business expense of any payment made to an officer of the Corporation, whether as salary,
commission, bonus or other form of compensation or as interest, rent or reimbursement of expenses incurred by such
officer, such officer must reimburse the Corporation to the full extent of such disallowance. The Board of Directors of
the Corporation will have the duty to require each such officer to make such reimbursement, and it will be the legal duty
of each such officer thus to reimburse the Corporation.
Section 5.7.

Powers and Duties

7

