Panera 2025 FDD (84)

the expiration or termination of this Agreement and shall continue in full force and effect for a period of two (2) years after
such expiration or termination.
If your right to develop Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes expires or is terminated, we shall have the right thereafter to
develop and operate, or to allow others to develop and operate, Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes in the Development Area,
subject to such radius protection as may be granted pursuant to Franchise Agreements executed pursuant hereto.
Notwithstanding any other term or condition of this Section 2.03, you shall not be deemed to be in breach of this Section
2.03 or the Development Schedule set forth in Exhibit A if your failure to timely open the requisite number of Panera Bead
Bakery-Cafes results solely from windstorms, rains, floods, earthquakes, typhoons, mudslides, fires or other natural disasters.
Any delay resulting from any of such causes shall extend performance accordingly, in whole or in part, as may be reasonable,
except that no such cause, alone or in combination with other causes, shall extend performance more than ninety (90) days
without our prior written consent, which consent may be withheld in our sole discretion.
2.04
Our Reservation of Rights. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, we and all of
our Affiliates (and our respective successors and assigns, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) retain all of our
rights and discretion with respect to the Marks, the System and Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes anywhere in the world, and
the right to engage in any business whatsoever, including the right to: (a) operate, and grant to others the right to operate,
Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes at such locations and on such terms and conditions as we deem appropriate; (b) sell any
products or services under any trade names, trademarks, service marks or trade dress, including the Marks, through other
channels of distribution (including wholesale distribution of baked goods to restaurants, supermarkets, grocery stores,
caterers and other outlets and using such media as deemed appropriate, including the Internet, catalog sales, telemarketing
or other direct marketing); and (c) operate, and grant to others the right to operate, retail food establishments (including
restaurants, cafes or bakeries) identified by trade names, trademarks, service marks or trade dress, other than the Marks,
pursuant to such terms and conditions as we deem appropriate.
3.

GRANT OF FRANCHISES.

3.01
Site Selection Assistance. We will furnish you with our standard site selection criteria and assistance
for Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes, as we may establish from time to time. We also will provide such on-site evaluation of
sites proposed pursuant hereto as we deem necessary or appropriate.
3.02
Site Evaluation and Acceptance. Subject to Section 2.02, we will accept sites for the cumulative
number of Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes set forth in Exhibit A located within the Development Area in accordance with the
following provisions:
(a)
You must submit to us, in accordance with procedures we establish from time to time, a complete site
information form, as we may establish from time to time (the “Site Information Package”), containing all
information that we reasonably require for each site for a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe that you propose to develop
and operate and that you in good faith believe to conform to our then-current standard site selection criteria for
Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes;
(b)
We will accept or reject each site for which you submit to us a complete Site Information Package in
accordance with Section 3.02(a) and, if we accept the site, we will do so by delivering our standard Site Acceptance
Letter. Our Site Acceptance Letter, duly executed by us, is the exclusive means by which we accept a proposed
site, and no other direct or indirect representation, approval or acceptance, whether in writing or verbally, by any
of our officers, employees or agents, shall be effective or bind us. We will use all reasonable efforts to make a
site acceptance decision and, if the site is accepted, deliver a Site Acceptance Letter to you within thirty (30) days
after we receive the complete Site Information Package and any other materials we have requested. In deciding
whether to accept or reject a site you propose, we may consider such factors as we, in our sole discretion, deem
appropriate, including the general location and neighborhood, demographic information, traffic patterns, access,
visibility, location of other retail food establishments (including other Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes) and size,
condition, configuration, appearance and other physical characteristics of the site. Neither our acceptance of a
proposed site, nor any information communicated to you regarding our standard site selection criteria or the
proposed site, constitutes a warranty or representation of any kind, express or implied, as to the suitability of the
proposed site for a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe or for any other purpose. Our acceptance of a proposed site
merely signifies that we are willing to grant a franchise for a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe at that location in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Your decision to develop and operate a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe
at any site is based solely on your own independent investigation of the suitability of the site for a Panera Bread
Bakery-Cafe. In consideration of our acceptance of a proposed site, you and your Owners agree to release us,

5
April 2025

