Panera 2025 FDD (129)

producing materials and programs we select, including agency fees, market research and product testing, video, audio,
electronic and written advertising materials, public relations programs, media planning and buying services and the cost of
employing advertising agencies and supporting market research activities. We may furnish you with marketing, advertising
and promotional materials at cost, plus any related administrative, shipping, handling and storage charges.
We will seek the advice of owners of Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes by formal or informal means with respect to
the creative concepts and media used for programs financed by the NAF. At our discretion, we may establish a Marketing
Advisory Council (“MAC”). Members of the MAC are appointed by us and the MAC serves only in an advisory capacity.
The final authority on all programs funded by the NAF will rest with us, and we will have sole discretion over all aspects
of such programs, including national or regional media, creative concepts, materials, endorsements, agencies and suppliers.
We have the right to change or dissolve the MAC.
10.02. Local Advertising Funds (LAF). You agree to spend for locally advertising and promoting your
Bakery-Cafe at least such amounts as we establish from time to time, not to exceed two percent (2%) of Net Sales during
each of our fiscal years. These amounts spent on local advertising and promotion will be designated as Local Advertising
Funds (“LAF”). At our request, you shall furnish us with copies of invoices and other documentation evidencing your
compliance with this Section 10.02. We shall provide you with not less than thirty (30) days notice of any determination
by us to change the minimum amount of the LAF you must spend. If we determine that you have spent an amount less
than our prescribed minimum amount of Net Sales during any fiscal year for locally advertising and promoting your
Bakery-Cafe, we may collect LAF contributions directly from you. LAF contributions will be payable on the first business
day following each Reporting Period together with the Royalty Fees due hereunder. The LAF monies will be used to pay
for the cost of implementing local marketing plans developed by you and approved by us or, if we collect LAF
contributions from you, to reimburse you (up to an amount not to exceed the LAF contributions so collected) for the
costs incurred by you in implementing local marketing plans developed by you and approved by us. For these purposes,
qualifying LAF expenditures include: (a) amounts contributed to advertising associations; and (b) amounts spent by you
for (i) grand opening advertising and promotional programs pursuant to Section 10.04; (ii) advertising media, such as
television, radio, Internet, magazine, newspaper, billboards, posters, direct mail, collateral and promotional items,
advertising on public vehicles (transit and aerial) and, if not provided by us, the cost of producing approved materials
necessary to participate in these media; (iii) seasonal campaign POP; and (iv) other qualifying community marketing
expenses as outlined in the Marketing Standards. Non-qualifying LAF advertising expenditures include amounts spent for
items which we, in our reasonable judgment, deem inappropriate for meeting the minimum advertising requirement,
including permanent on-premises signs and menuboard hardware, lighting, administrative costs, Yellow Pages advertising,
discounts/coupon offers, free offers and employee incentive programs. We may supplement the list of qualifying and
non-qualifying LAF expenditures from time to time and revise such list periodically.
10.03. Marketing Administration Fee (MAF). In addition to the advertising and promotional expenditures
and/or contributions required by Sections 10.01 and 10.02 hereof, you shall contribute a Marketing Administration Fee
(“MAF”) not to exceed four tenths of one percent (0.4%) of Net Sales, payable on the first business day following the
immediately preceding Reporting Period together with the Royalty Fees due hereunder. At our discretion, MAF
contributions may be electronically drafted from the designated account referred to in Section 6.04 hereof. The MAF
shall be our exclusive property and shall be used by us to cover costs of, among other things, supporting and conducting
market research activities, concept development (food and customer experience, project development and testing), design
development (design, store prototyping and testing), and maintenance, administration and direction of the foregoing
activities. We shall not be required to separately account to you for the MAF or the expenditures therefrom.
10.04. Advertising Approvals and Initial Advertising Costs. You must submit to us for our prior approval,
a marketing plan and samples of all advertising and promotional materials not prepared or previously approved by us and
which vary from our standard advertising and promotional materials by following the procedures that are in place at the
time of submittal. If you elect to work with a marketing firm (including an advertising agency or public relations firm),
you must obtain our written approval of such marketing firm and such marketing firm must execute a Panera Bread
approved confidentiality agreement before you sign any contracts or share any Confidential Information with such
marketing firm. Such marketing firms or agencies shall not under any circumstances be given access to any of our
proprietary limited access online resources or any other information we deem inappropriate. You may not use any
advertising or promotional materials that we have not approved.
In addition to your contributions to the NAF, you shall spend a minimum of Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000.00)
for grand opening advertising and promotional programs for your Bakery-Cafe pursuant to a grand opening marketing

17

April 2025

