Panera 2025 FDD (43)

ITEM 12

TERRITORY

Franchise Agreement.
The Franchise Agreement grants to you the right to own and operate a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe at a specific location. You may
not conduct the business of your Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe at any site other than the Premises, described in your Franchise Agreement, or
relocate your Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe without our prior written consent. The Franchise Agreement does not provide you with any options,
rights of first refusal or similar rights to acquire additional franchises. You may not develop a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe within one (1) mile
of another Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe (which is either open or has been approved by us for development) in a geographic area not included
in your Area Development Agreement.
Except as noted in this Item 12, we will not operate a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe or grant to a third party the right to operate a
Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe within a geographic area (the “Protected Area”) consisting of a one (1) mile radius from the center of the Premises,
unless the parties have identified a different Protected Area in the Site Acceptance Letter attached to the Franchise Agreement. It is
anticipated that a Protected Area set forth in the Site Acceptance Letter generally will be used in connection with Bakery-Cafes located in
geographical areas of two types, although it possibly could be used in other circumstances as well, such as non-traditional locations. The first
type is defined as an “Urban Residential area” with residential population greater than 50,000 people within a 2-mile radius of a site; the
second type is a “City Center area” which is defined as having daytime population of greater than 20,000 people within a ¼-mile radius of a
site. If both of these types apply to a location, then a “City Center area” criteria will be used for the Protected Area.
In case of an “Urban Residential area,” we may, at our discretion, reduce the Protected Area to a .25 mile radius for areas with
greater than 50,000 and less than 100,000 residential population within a 2-mile radius. When the residential population is greater than
100,000 people within a 2-mile radius, we may, at our discretion, reduce the Protected Area to a .25 mile radius.
In case of a “City Center area,” we may, at our discretion, reduce the Protected Area to a .2 mile radius for areas with greater than
20,000 and less than 40,000 daytime population within a ¼-mile radius. When the daytime population is greater than 40,000 in a ¼-mile
radius, the Protected Area is reduced to a .1 mile radius.
Notwithstanding the territorial protection provided in the Protected Area, we have the right to operate (directly or through an
Affiliate) and grant to others the right to operate within the Protected Area:
(a)
Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes or other retail food establishments (including restaurants, cafes and bakeries) using any part or
all of the System and Marks that are (i) located within retail outlets, restaurants, grocery stores, supermarkets and other channels of
distribution (including wholesale distribution of baked goods to restaurants, supermarkets, grocery stores, caterers and other
outlets); or (ii) located at transportation facilities (such as airport facilities, inter-MSA train and/or bus stations, turnpikes or other
limited access highway rest stops), hospitals, colleges, universities, sports arenas, military facilities and entertainment facilities, or
where any locations or its food operations are controlled by a third party or in our judgment should be operated by a third party;
and
(b)
retail food establishments (including restaurants, cafes and bakeries) that we purchase (or as to which we purchase the
rights as franchisor) that are part of another franchise system or chain, regardless whether any or all of them are converted to use
any or all of the Marks and the System or continue to be operated independently.
We have no obligation to compensate you for our soliciting or accepting orders from within your Protected Area.
We reserve all rights not expressly granted under the Franchise Agreement. Accordingly, except for rights expressly granted to you under
the Franchise Agreement, we retain all of our rights and discretion with respect to the Marks, the System and Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes
anywhere in the world, including the right to:
(a)
operate, and grant others the right to operate, Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes at locations and on terms and conditions we
deem appropriate (you acknowledge that such Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes may be in direct competition with your Bakery-Cafe,
without regard to any adverse effects of such activities on your Bakery-Cafe and without any obligation or liability to you);
(b)
sell any products or services under any tradenames, trademarks, service marks or trade dress, including the Marks, through
other channels of distribution (including but not limited to wholesale distribution of baked goods to restaurants, supermarkets,

April 2025 Panera FDD

38

