Panera 2025 FDD (217)

exclusively by the United States Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. § 1, et seq.), without reference to any state arbitration
statutes. The parties agree that, in connection with any such arbitration proceeding, each shall submit or file any
claim that would constitute a compulsory counterclaim (as defined by Rule 13 of the Federal Rules of Civil
Procedure) within the same proceeding as the claim to which it relates. Any such claim that is not submitted or
filed in such proceeding shall be barred. The arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in the city where we then
have our principal place of business in accordance with the then-current commercial arbitration rules of the AAA,
except the parties shall be entitled to limited discovery at the discretion of the arbitrator(s) who may, but are not
required to, allow depositions. The parties acknowledge that the arbitrators’ subpoena power is not subject to
geographic limitations. The arbitration proceedings shall be conducted on an individual basis and not on a multiplaintiff, consolidated, collective or class-wide basis. The foregoing sentence is an integral provision of the
arbitration procedures set forth in this paragraph, and may not be severed therefrom, notwithstanding anything
to the contrary herein. If such sentence is determined to be invalid or unenforceable in connection with a
particular controversy, dispute, or claim, then this Section 22.1 shall be stricken from this Agreement and neither
party shall be deemed to have consented to arbitration of such controversy, dispute, or claim.
The arbitrator(s) shall have the right to award the relief that he or she deems proper, consistent with the terms
of this Agreement, including compensatory damages (with interest on unpaid amounts from date due), specific
performance, injunctive relief, legal fees and costs. The award and decision of the arbitrator(s) shall be conclusive
and binding on all parties, and judgment upon the award may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Any right to contest the validity or enforceability of the award shall be governed exclusively by the United States
Arbitration Act.
22.2
Jurisdiction. Subject to Section 22.1, you and your Owners irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the
courts of the State of Missouri in any suit, action or proceeding, arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any
other dispute between you and us, and you irrevocably agree that all claims in respect of any such suit, action or
proceeding must be brought and/or defended therein except with respect to matters that are under the
jurisdiction of the Federal Courts of the United States, which shall be brought and/or defended in the Federal
District Court sitting in St. Louis, Missouri. You irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent you may lawfully do so, the
defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such suit, action or proceeding and agree that service of
process for purposes of any such suit, action or proceeding need not be personally served or served within the
State of Missouri but may be served with the same effect as if you were served within the State of Missouri, by
certified mail or any other means permitted by law addressed to you at the address set forth herein. Nothing
contained herein shall affect our rights to bring a suit, action or proceeding in any other appropriate jurisdiction,
including any suit, action or proceeding brought by us to enforce any judgment against you entered by a State or
Federal Court.
22.3
Limitations On Legal Actions. You agree that, for our franchise system to function properly, we should
not be burdened with the costs of litigating systemwide disputes. Accordingly, any disagreement between you
and us shall be considered unique as to its facts and shall not be brought as a class action, and you (and each of
your Owners) waive any right to proceed against us or any of our shareholders, members, managers, Affiliates,
officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and assigns by way of class action, or by way of a multi-plaintiff,
consolidated or collective action. In any legal action between the parties, the court shall not be precluded from
making its own independent determination of the issues in question, notwithstanding the similarity of issues in
any other legal action involving us and any other franchisee, and each party waives the right to claim that a prior
disposition of the same or similar issues precludes such independent determination. Furthermore, the parties
agree that any legal action in connection with this Agreement shall be tried to the court sitting without a jury,
and all parties hereto waive any right to have any action tried by jury.
23.
GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be construed under the laws of the State of Missouri, provided
the foregoing shall not constitute a waiver of any of your rights under any applicable franchise law of another
state. Otherwise, in the event of any conflict of law, Missouri law will prevail, without regard to its conflict of law
15

