Panera 2025 FDD (62)

preparing the Statement of Net Profit and EBITDA will be made available to you upon reasonable request. However, we will not disclose
the identity, revenue or other items of income or expense of any particular company-owned Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe, except to any
applicable state registration authorities or except in connection with the sale of a particular existing Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe that we own.
The Statement of Average Net Profit and EBITDA for company-owned Bakery-Cafes was prepared in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles and excludes inter-company adjustments made in consolidation. The footnotes are an integral part of the Statement
of Average Net Profit and EBITDA and should be read in conjunction therewith. The Statement of Average Net Profit and EBITDA does
not include, among other things, amortization of initial franchise fees or royalties, which a franchisee would have to pay to us, or bank
financing charges, which can vary greatly.
Sales volumes of Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes vary considerably due to a variety of factors, such as: local popularity of Panera Bread
Bakery-Cafes; hours of operation; size of the Bakery-Cafe; competition from other restaurants, especially fast food businesses in proximity
to the Bakery-Cafe; weather conditions; traffic flow, accessibility and visibility of the Bakery-Cafe; the economic conditions in the locality of
the Bakery-Cafe; and the business abilities and efforts of franchisees. In addition, sales volumes of individual Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes
could be adversely impacted by certain conditions affecting the franchisor or the System as a whole, such as our inability to execute our
growth strategy, including, among other things, variations in the number, timing, and successful nature of company-owned and franchiseeowned Bakery-Cafe openings; continued successful operation of Bakery-Cafes; failure or inability to protect our brand, trademarks, or other
proprietary rights and health concerns about the consumption of certain products.
Operating costs and expenses for a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe may vary considerably and be different than those disclosed in the
foregoing statement, as a result of higher food and distribution costs, labor shortages, and competitive real estate markets, among other
factors. Additionally, distribution costs in those areas of the country not currently serviced by our fresh dough facilities, approved suppliers
or distributors may be higher.
If you are purchasing the assets of existing company-owned bakery-cafes, you should not rely on the average net profit and EBITDA
information set forth above, but should instead review the actual financial results of the bakery-cafe(s) being purchased. Similarly, prospective
franchisees of non-traditional locations should not rely on the foregoing statement of net profit and EBITDA since such statement is not
relevant to those types of locations. We make no claim regarding the actual or potential revenues or profits of non-traditional locations.
*

*

*

Except for the above Statements, and except as otherwise expressly stated in this Item 19, no representations or statements of
actual, average, projected or forecasted sales, expenses, profits or earnings of Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes are made to prospective franchisees.
None of our officers or employees is authorized to make any claims or statements as to the earnings, expenses, sales or profits or prospects
or chances of success that you can expect or that have been experienced by us or by present or past Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes. We have
specifically instructed our officers and employees that they are not permitted to make claims or statements as to the earnings, expenses, sales
or profits or the prospects or chances of success, nor are they authorized to represent or estimate dollar figures as to any particular Panera
Bread Bakery-Cafe or any particular site for a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe.

[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY]

April 2025 Panera FDD

57

