ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT FOR CALIFORNIA FRANCHISEES 
 
The Franchise Agreement is amended or clarified as follows: 
 
1. Section 3.1(c) requires each Principal Equity Owner of Franchisee to sign the Guarantee of Franchise 
Agreement attached as Exhibit 3 of the Franchise Agreement, making you and your spouse individually liable 
for your financial obligations under the agreement if you are married. The guaranty will place your and your 
spouse’s marital and personal assets at risk, perhaps including your house, if your franchise fails. 
 
2. Any interest rate charged to a California franchisee shall comply with the California Constitution. The 
interest rate shall not exceed either (a) 10% annually or (b) 5% annually plus the prevailing interest rate 
charged to banks by the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco, whichever is higher. 
 
3.  In sections 7.2(d), 13.1 and 13.3, “30 days” is amended to “60 days”.   
 
4. Under California law, Franchisor has the obligation under certain conditions to purchase assets of 
Franchisee’s business if Franchisee does not continue to operate a real estate brokerage business at your 
location after the Franchise Agreement is terminated or not renewed.  
 
5. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with 
the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any 
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement 
made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision 
supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.  
 
6. You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets 
that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control. 
 
7. Both the Governing Law and Choice of Law for Franchisees operating outlets located in California, will be 
the California Franchise Investment Law and the California Franchise Relations Act regardless of the choice 
of law or dispute resolution venue stated elsewhere. Any language in the franchise agreement or amendment 
to or any agreement to the contrary is superseded by this condition. 
 
This Addendum to Franchise Agreement may be executed and delivered by facsimile, email with scanned 
attachment or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000 (including 
DocuSign) and, upon such execution and delivery, will have the same force and effect as an original. 
 
 
Date:    
 
 
  
 
 
Date:    
 
 
 
 
FRANCHISEE:  
 
 
 
 
FRANCHISOR: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IRON VALLEY REAL ESTATE, LLC 
 
 
BY:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
BY:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Adam S. Gamble 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CEO and Manager 
ITS:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
