 
IVRE ADRSA 030725  
6  
 
(g) The provisions of this section 7.2 are intended to benefit and bind certain third-party non-
signatories and will continue in full force and effect after (and notwithstanding) the expiration or 
termination of this Agreement. Furthermore, this section 7.2 will be construed as independent of any 
other covenant or provision of this Agreement; provided, however, that if a court of competent 
jurisdiction determines that any of such provisions are unlawful in any way, the court is respectfully 
requested to modify or interpret such provisions to the minimum extent necessary to comply with 
the law.  
 
[Franchisor’s Initials: _______ Franchisee’s Initials: ________ ] 
 
7.3 Injunctive Relief.  
Any party has the right in a situation where there is an imminent threat of harm to the legal rights of a party 
and damages would not be adequate relief to seek a temporary restraining order and temporary or 
preliminary injunctive relief from a court of competent jurisdiction in Pennsylvania, without the necessity of 
first complying with sections 7.1 and 7.2 above or posting any bond, and if bond is nevertheless required by 
a court of competent jurisdiction, the parties agree that the sum of $1,000 will be a sufficient bond (this 
amount may be adjusted by changes in the Consumer Price Index since the Effective Date). If an arbitration 
proceeding has already commenced pursuant to section 7.2 above when a party seeks injunctive relief, then 
the party seeking such injunctive relief agrees to contemporaneously submit the merits of its dispute to the 
arbitrator. The existence of a proceeding commenced under section 7.1 or 7.2 above will in no event abate 
or otherwise affect the ability of party to seek injunctive relief under this section 7.3. Franchisee acknowledges 
that its failure to comply fully with any of the terms of this Agreement respecting the obligations regarding 
examinations, audits and the Marks could cause irreparable damage to Franchisor or other affiliated persons 
or entities, and Franchisor or Franchisor’s affiliates are empowered to seek injunctive relief to protect the 
Marks. This covenant is independent, severable and enforceable notwithstanding any other rights or 
remedies that any party may have. 
 
7.4 Legal Fees and Expenses.  
The prevailing party in any arbitration or litigation to resolve a dispute between any of the parties hereto will 
be entitled to recover from the losing party reasonable legal fees (and incurred costs of the prevailing party’s 
counsel) and all other reasonable expenses incurred by the prevailing party in bringing or defending such 
arbitration, action or proceeding or enforcing any resulting award or judgment (including without limitation 
arbitration or court filing fees, expert and other witness fees, discovery expenses and compensation payable 
to the arbitrator), whether incurred prior to or in preparation for or in contemplation of the filing of the action 
or thereafter. The prevailing party will be determined by the arbitrator or court. This section 7.4 is intended to 
be expressly severable from the other provisions of this Agreement, is intended to survive any judgment and 
is not to be deemed merged into the judgment. 
 
7.5 Survival.  
The terms of this Article VII survive termination, expiration or cancellation of this Agreement. 
 
VIII. NOTICES 
8.1 Notices.  
 
 
(a) All notices that the parties hereto are required or may desire to give under or in connection with 
this Agreement must be in writing and (unless personally delivered by an agent of the sending party) must 
be sent by reliable overnight courier, for delivery on the next business day and addressed as follows: 
 
 
(i) If to Franchisor: 
 
 
IRON VALLEY REAL ESTATE, LLC 
 
 
121 TOWNE SQUARE DR STE 201  
HERSHEY PA 17033-9440     
 
 
Phone: (717) 995-3900 
 
 
