 
IVRE FDD 030725    
-10- 
after March 11, 2022, the Initial Franchise Fee for a second (or additional) Outlet will be $15,000 rather 
than $20,000. 
 
2. We will provide you a grand opening advertising and promotional program format for your Iron Valley 
Real Estate real estate brokerage business. You must spend at least $1,000 on a grand opening 
promotion during the first six months after you open your initial Outlet. 
 
3. Training typically is accomplished in three days in Hershey, Pennsylvania. These expenses represent 
the wages, travel and living expenses for you and your staff during training. 
 
4. Many of our franchisees will already have an operating real estate office that we will consent to as 
acceptable to be operated as a real estate office.  If you are not converting your existing office to an Outlet, 
you will need to rent or lease a suitable site for your Outlet and the rent or lease deposit amount will 
vary depending on the location. The amount of estimated rent in the table above is for three months. A 
security deposit equal to rent for one month is a standard requirement to execute an office lease, and 
landlords may ask for an additional security deposit equal to as much as rent for three months. The 
amounts listed in this type of expenditure are estimates that are based on basic build out of our real 
estate office design but do not include many variables related to the pre-existing condition of any one 
location. Architectural renderings and building permits may be required for the build-out of your Outlet 
or refurbishment to meet our standards, the cost for which has been included in these estimates. The 
size of an Outlet ranges from 1,500 to 3,000 square feet. 
 
5. We may recommend the design of your Outlet and may require a distinctive trade dress for the Outlet. 
The amounts listed in this type of expenditure are estimates that are based on basic build out of our 
real estate office design and include the cost for you to join as a member (if you have not already done 
so) of each Multiple Listing Service (“MLS”) applicable to the area in which your Outlet is located, but 
these amounts do not include many variables related to the pre-existing condition of any one location. 
If you are converting your existing real estate office into an Outlet, and your existing design and trade 
dress is compatible with our requirements, your process of conversion will be quite low. If you are not 
converting an existing real estate office into your Outlet, building permits may be required for the build-
out of your Outlet, the cost for which has been included in these estimates.   
 
6. The quantity, size, type and cost of signs will vary substantially per lease space and in accordance 
with stipulations of each landlord and local governmental regulations. These estimates include the 
average filing fees for obtaining the necessary sign permits. All signs must comply with the guidelines 
contained in the Confidential Operations Manual.  
 
7. Currently, you must purchase (at a higher cost) or lease (at a lower cost) an Accounttech point of 
sale (“POS”) system at a cost of $2.60 per month per agent, and $10 per month per administrative user. 
ACH and credit card processing fees if used within the software are additional costs. You must also use 
and maintain a business computer system (including our designated website system), approved 
software and a RingCentral Account (ranging from $73 to $163 per month), an Office 365 Account 
(approximately $240 per year).  
 
8. As an independently owned and operated franchisee, you are responsible for all costs or liabilities 
arising from the operation of your franchised business, and it is imperative you carry adequate insurance 
to protect yourself. The currently required minimum coverage and limits of insurance are (i) general 
liability insurance with limits of at least $1,000,000 per occurrence and $1,000,000 aggregate, (ii) 
automobile insurance for your employees and agents with per accident coverage of at least $100,000 
per person for bodily injury, $300,000 for all persons injured and $100,000 for property damage, and 
(iii) workers’ compensation insurance to meet the statutory coverage of the state where your Outlet is 
located. We may modify the policy limits set forth above if we determine that a different policy limit is 
reasonably prudent for your type of business after taking into consideration the state where you operate. 
Any policies of insurance that you maintain in your name (excepting workers’ compensation insurance 
