 
 
N O T E S  T O  F I N A N C I A L  S T A T E M E N T S  
December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Revenue recognition 
The Company adopted Topic 606 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” for revenue recognition 
related to contracts with customers.  Under the new guidance, revenue is recognized in accordance 
with a five-step revenue model, as follows: (i) identifying the contract with the customer; (ii) 
identifying the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determining the transaction price; (iv) 
allocating the transaction price to the performance obligations; and (v) recognizing revenue when 
(or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation.  In applying this five-step model, the Company 
made significant judgements in identifying the promised goods or services in their contracts with 
franchisees that are distinct, and which represent separate performance obligations, which is satisfied 
by providing a right to use our intellectual property over the estimated life of the franchise.  The 
Company recognize initial and renewal franchise fees as revenue on a straight-line basis over the life 
of the related franchise agreements and any exercised renewal periods. 
Royalties are calculated based on sale or lease of a property by Real Estate Agents (as listing or 
selling agent) operating at or from Real estate Office a “Royalty” equal to $150 per transaction side.   
In addition, franchisee must pay monthly marketing, advertising and promotion fee of $50 and an 
Agent Fee of $16 for each of real estate agents listed on the master website over the term of the 
franchise agreement.   The marketing, advertising and promotion fee collected will be expensed (i) 
for supporting national or local advertising, market research, public relations and promotional 
campaigns designed to promote and enhance the value of the brand, less (ii) an administrative fee 
of 15% of the annual aggregate marketing, advertising and promotion fees.  The franchise agreement 
also requires franchisees to spend $125 per month on local marketing, advertising and promotion of 
the franchised business. 
Revenue consists of sales of franchise, franchise royalties and fees, and marketing/advertising fees 
and recognized as follows: 
• 
Franchise fees – The Company collects initial franchise fees when franchise agreements are 
signed.  The Company has determined that the initial franchise services are not distinct from 
the continuing rights or services offered during the term of the franchise agreement and 
should be treated as a single performance obligation; therefore, initial franchise fees received 
from franchisees are recognized as revenue over the term of each respective franchise 
agreement, which is typically 5 years. 
 
Franchise fees and development fees, portions of which are collected in advance, are 
nonrefundable and are recognized in income ratably over the term of the related franchise 
agreement or recognized upon the termination of the agreement between the Company and 
the franchisee. 
Page 10 
