 
IVRE FDD 030725    
-1- 
ITEM 1: THE FRANCHISOR, AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS, AND AFFILIATES 
 
 
To simplify the language, this disclosure document uses “we” or “us” to mean Iron Valley Real 
Estate, LLC. “You” means the individual or entity buying the Iron Valley Real Estate franchise. 
All persons who own 20% or more of the franchisee are referred to as “Principal Equity Owners”. 
 
The Franchisor, Parents and Affiliates 
 
We are the franchisor for the Iron Valley Real Estate residential real estate brokerage system. 
Our principal business address is 121 Towne Square Drive, Suite 201, Hershey, Pennsylvania 
17033.  
 
We have no parent entity.  
 
Our affiliated entity Kaydence Holdings, LLC (“Kaydence”), whose principal business address 
is 1958 Quentin Road, Lebanon, Pennsylvania 17042, owns and has registered the principal 
trademark Iron Valley Real Estate. Our affiliated entity You Refer It, LLC, doing business as You 
Refer It Realty (“You Refer It”), whose principal business address is 2260 Spring Road, Suite 1, 
Carlisle, Pennsylvania 17013, allows real estate agents both within the Iron Valley Real Estate 
system and outside the system to associate with You Refer It Realty to maintain their real estate 
licenses for referral purposes only and not to engage in active sales. Other than Kaydence and 
You Refer It, we are not controlled by, controlling, or under common control with any other entity 
that that provides goods or services to our franchisees or that offers franchises in any line of 
business. 
 
Predecessors 
 
We have no predecessor.  
 
Name Used by the Franchisor 
 
We conduct business under the names “Iron Valley Real Estate” and “IVRE”, in combination or 
separately (collectively, the “Brand”). We do not intend to use any other names to conduct 
business. 
 
Agent for Service of Process 
 
Our agents for service of process are Adam S. Gamble, 121 Towne Square Drive, Suite 201, 
Hershey, Pennsylvania 17033 and (if you are in California, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, 
Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North Dakota, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Virginia, 
Washington or Wisconsin) the state office or official listed in Exhibit E of this disclosure 
document. 
 
Business Organization Used by the Franchisor 
 
We are a limited liability company organized in Pennsylvania on May 21, 2018. 
 
 
