IVRE FA 030725  
                       - 15 - 
 
(e) We have the right, at all reasonable times, to examine, copy and audit the books and records (including 
applicable Schedules C or equivalent portions of your tax returns) relating to the Real Estate Office and your 
operation of the Franchised Business. We agree to maintain the contents of the Schedules C (or equivalent portion) 
of your tax returns in strict confidence and will not disclose them to any third party without your express written 
consent. If an examination or audit discloses any underpayment of any fee, you must promptly pay the deficient 
amount plus interest calculated daily from the due date until paid at an APR of 18% (unless interest rates on 
delinquent payments in the state in which your Real Estate Office is located are limited by law to a lower APR, in 
which case that lower APR will apply). If an examination or audit discloses an underpayment or understatement of 
any amount due us by 5% or more, or if the examination or audit is made necessary by your failure to furnish required 
information or documents to us in a timely manner, or it takes our auditors an unreasonable amount of time (more 
than eight hours) to assemble your records for audit, you must reimburse us for the cost of having your books 
examined or audited (this remedy will be in addition to any other rights or remedies we have under this Agreement 
or otherwise, including our right to terminate this Agreement). 
 
 
 
(f) You must maintain and preserve all books, records and accounts of or relating to the Franchised Business 
for at least five years after the close of the fiscal year to which the books records and accounts relate. 
 
8.8 Signs, Display Materials, and Approved Suppliers.  
 
(a) All signs, display materials, and other materials containing the Marks must be in full compliance with the 
specifications provided in, and in conformity with, the Confidential Operations Manual. We will designate or approve 
the suppliers of signs and display materials containing the Marks in accordance with Confidential Operations Manual 
guidelines. 
 
(b) Subject to applicable governmental ordinances, regulations and statutes, you agree to post and maintain, 
at the Real Estate Office, entirely at your expense, any minimum signage recommended by us. Any signage 
containing the Marks will be designed by a vendor designated by IVRE and manufactured by a vendor designated 
or approved by IVRE. 
 
(c) We may approve other suppliers of services or products that are used or sold at Iron Valley Real Estate 
Outlets. We approve suppliers after careful review of the quality of the services or services and products they provide 
to us and our franchisees. These standards and specifications are provided to potential suppliers when we begin the 
supplier review process and to franchisees. If you would like us to consider a new supplier, you must pay us a non-
refundable “Proposed Supplier Review Fee” of $250 when you have the supplier provide us with detailed explanations 
regarding its services or samples of its products. If the supplier meets our specifications for quality control, we may 
approve it as an additional supplier by written notification of our approval to the supplier and you. A review of a 
proposed new supplier typically is completed within 30 days. We will not unreasonably withhold consent to a proposed 
new supplier. If an approved supplier no longer meets our standards, we may revoke its status as an approved supplier 
by written notification to the supplier and notification to the system. 
 
8.9 Telephone Numbers.  
At your sole expense, you must list the telephone number for your Real Estate Office in accordance with procedures 
prescribed by the Confidential Operations Manual. At the time of termination or expiration of this Agreement, for any 
reason, you must immediately take actions necessary to disassociate the telephone numbers for your Real Estate 
Office from the Marks. 
 
8.10 Insurance.  
 
(a) You must have in effect on the Opening Date and maintain during the term of this Agreement 
comprehensive general liability insurance, errors and omissions insurance, automobile insurance, and other 
insurance that is legally required for you to operate your business (i.e., workers’ compensation insurance) or that is 
reasonably prudent for your type of business taking into consideration the state where you operate. Policy coverage 
limitations and other terms relating to insurance will be set forth in the Confidential Operations Manual. Insurance is 
to be placed with insurers with a current A.M. Best’s rating of no less than A: IX which are authorized to do business 
in the state where your Real Estate Office is located, unless otherwise approved in writing by Franchisor. Any policies 
of insurance that you maintain in your name must contain a separate endorsement naming us, the Owner of the 
Marks (and our other affiliated entities identified by us in writing, and our respective shareholders, members, 
managers, directors, officers, employees, and agents) as additional insureds to the full extent of coverage provided 
under the insurance policies. Your insurance coverage will be primary as respects us and other affiliated companies 
identified by us in writing, and our respective shareholders, members, managers, directors, officers, employees, and 
