 
IVRE FDD 030725    
-8- 
Type of Fee 
Amount1 
Due Date2 
Remarks 
Recovery of 
Lost Royalties 
[continued] 
termination date, you would 
pay the greater of 150% of 
the aggregate amount of 
Royalty actually paid by you, 
or what you were obligated to 
pay during the time since the 
Opening Date. 
 
 
Indemnification 
of Franchisor 
against Losses 
All “Losses”, as defined in 
section 16.2 of the Franchise 
Agreement (variable). 
Immediately upon 
our demand.  
The Franchise Agreement requires you 
to indemnify us against Losses we may 
incur as a result of (i) unauthorized use 
of our proprietary information or 
trademarks, (ii) the breach by you, any 
Principal Equity Owner or your Manager 
of non-compete covenants, or (iii) your 
intentional tort or negligence relating to 
operation of the Outlet. 
 
1. This fee must be paid in full at the time indicated. To be eligible to sign the Franchise Agreement, you 
must provide us with reasonable proof of your financial ability to make the initial investment described 
above and you must authorize us to conduct a credit check to confirm your financial ability to purchase and 
develop the franchise. The “Initial Franchise Fee” payable under a Franchise Agreement for your second 
(or additional) Outlet in the same county is $5,000, rather than $20,000, or if the Franchise Agreement 
is for an additional real estate office in a county where there is no existing Iron Valley Real Estate franchise 
licensed to you, and you became an Iron Valley Real Estate franchisee (i) before March 10, 2022, the 
Initial Franchise Fee for a second (or additional) Outlet will be $10,000, rather than $20,000 or (ii) on or 
after March 11, 2022 and before March 11, 2025, the Initial Franchise Fee for a second (or additional) 
Outlet will be $15,000 rather than $20,000. 
 
2. If any payment is not paid when due, in addition to the late payment penalty, you must pay interest 
on the unpaid amount at an annual percentage rate (“APR”) of 18% (unless interest rates in the state 
in which your Outlet is located are limited by law to a lower APR, in which case that lower APR will 
apply), and you must reimburse us immediately upon demand for all reasonable costs of collection 
relating to delinquent amounts, including court costs, investigator fees, expert witness fees and 
attorneys’ fees. Interest begins to accrue from the date payment was due. 
 
3. This fee is subject to adjustment based upward changes since the effective date of the Franchise 
Agreement to the annual average of the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers (“CPI”), 
published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the United States Department of Labor, or the highest 
similar future index if these figures become unavailable.   
 
4. On a regional or system-wide basis, if two thirds of all affected Iron Valley Real Estate franchisees 
agree to such additional assessment by affirmative vote, we may impose an additional assessment 
upon some or all franchisees for one-time advertising or promotional activities which may be paid to us 
or to designated third parties. 
 
5. We have the right to continually inspect your Outlet and any other site where you conduct the 
franchised business to ensure you are complying with brand standards and guidelines prescribed by us 
and specified in our Confidential Operations Manual. 
 
 
 
