 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
IRON VALLEY REAL ESTATE, LLC    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A Pennsylvania Limited Liability Company  
121 Towne Square Drive, Suite 201 
 Hershey, Pennsylvania 17033  
(717) 995-3900  
E-mail: sales@ivrefranchise.com 
URL: www.ivrefranchise.com  
As an Iron Valley Real Estate franchisee, you will operate an office providing real estate sales and leasing 
programs and related services and products.  
 
The total investment necessary to begin operation of an Iron Valley Real Estate franchised outlet is $58,500 
to $206,500. This includes $5,000 to $20,000 that must be paid to the franchisor and its affiliates. 
       
This disclosure document summarizes certain provisions of your franchise agreement and other information 
in plain English. Read this disclosure document and all accompanying agreements carefully. You must 
receive this disclosure document at least 14 calendar days before you sign a binding agreement with or make 
any payment to the franchisor or an affiliate in connection with the proposed franchise sale. Note, however, 
that no government agency has verified the information contained in this document. 
 
You may wish to receive your disclosure document in another format that is more convenient for you. To 
discuss the availability of disclosures in different formats, contact Iron Valley Real Estate, LLC, 121 Towne 
Square Drive, Suite 201, Hershey, Pennsylvania 17033; telephone (717) 995-3900. 
  
The terms of your contract will govern your franchise relationship. Don't rely on the disclosure document 
alone to understand your contract. Read your entire contract carefully. Show your contract and this disclosure 
document to an advisor, such as a lawyer or an accountant. 
 
Buying a franchise is a complex investment. The information in this disclosure document can help you make 
up your mind. More information on franchising, such as “A Consumer's Guide to Buying a Franchise,” which 
can help you understand how to use this disclosure document is available from the Federal Trade 
Commission. You can contact the FTC at 1-877-FTC-HELP or by writing to the FTC at 600 Pennsylvania 
Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20580. You can also visit the FTC's homepage at www.ftc.gov for additional 
information. Call your state agency or visit your public library for other sources of information on franchising.  
 
There may also be laws on franchising in your state. Ask your state agencies about them. 
 
Issuance Date: March 7, 2025   
    
 
