 
IVRE FDD 030725    
-23- 
 
Subject 
Hours of 
Classroom 
Training 
Hours of On 
The Job 
Training 
Location 
 
Day Four – Just-in-Time Training:  
Daily Operations & Administration 
• 
Admin Role & Responsibilities 
• 
Agent On-Boarding 
• 
Agent Changes 
• 
Agent Off-Boarding 
• 
Financial & Accounting 
• 
Technology 
o 
Website Management 
o 
Phone System 
 8  
 0  
Franchisee’s Office or 
Teams  
Day Four [continued] 
Just-in-Time Training:  
• 
Transaction Management 
o 
Listings 
o 
Buyers 
o 
Settlement 
• 
Audits & Reconciliations 
• 
Reporting 
• 
Other Responsibilities 
Retention 
Additional Training Resources 
Review 
 
 
 
 
The “Initial Training” program above is effective as of the date of this disclosure document. 
Initial Training is typically provided within 30 days before your Outlet opens and is typically 
scheduled monthly. Unless there are extenuating circumstances that in our reasonable 
determination justify a delay, your required trainees must attend the next Initial Training that 
we offer. All classroom portions of Initial Training take place at our headquarters training 
facilities in Hershey, Pennsylvania, or at another training center we designate.  
 
The Initial Training material consists of a mixture of instructional presentations, handouts, and 
information. Our team of subject matter experts, facilitate the Initial Training. Our subject matter 
experts include, but are not limited to, business, real estate, marketing, and human resources 
professionals. 
 
We do not charge for Initial Training for the designated Office Manager and Principal Equity 
Owners. You must pay all travel and living expenses of persons you send to Initial Training.   
 
The successful completion of the next available Initial Training by your designated Office Manager 
and at least one Principal Equity Owner to our satisfaction is a condition to your opening of an 
Outlet to the public and must be done within 180 days after you sign the Franchise Agreement. 
Immediately upon your successful completion of Initial Training, you will be given access to our 
designated computer software and website to be used in the operation of the Franchised 
Business and you must sign a letter in a form we provide acknowledging the Opening Date of 
your Franchised Business. If a designated Office Manager or Principal Equity Owner fails to 
complete Initial Training satisfactorily, you will have the option of sending a replacement approved 
by us to Initial Training.  
 
