IVRE FA 030725  
                       - 16 - 
agents. Any insurance or self-insurance maintained by us and other affiliated companies identified by us in writing, 
and our respective shareholders, members, managers, directors, officers, employees, and agents will be excess of 
your insurance and will not contribute with it. You must provide us a copy of the policy and endorsement upon 
issuance and upon every renewal. You hereby grant us a waiver of any right of subrogation which any insurer of 
yours may acquire against us through payment of any loss under such insurance. This provision applies regardless 
of whether we have received a waiver of subrogation endorsement from the insurer. Franchisee’s obligation to obtain 
and maintain the foregoing policies of insurance in the amount specified will not be limited in any way by reason of 
any insurance that may be maintained by Franchisor, nor will Franchisee’s procurement of required insurance relieve 
it of liability under the indemnity provisions set forth in section 16.2 of this Agreement. Franchisee’s insurance 
procurement obligations under this section 8.10 are separate and independent of Franchisee’s indemnity obligations 
under section 16.2 of this Agreement.  
 
(b) You must promptly notify us of all claims against you or us under said policies of insurance and deliver 
to us certificates evidencing that such insurance is in full force and effect within 30 days after signing this Agreement 
and each year thereafter. Such insurance certificate must contain a statement that the certificate cannot be canceled 
without 30 days prior written notice to you and to us. 
 
(c) Your failure, for any reason, to procure and maintain the insurance coverage required under this 
Agreement will be deemed a material breach of this Agreement.  
 
8.11 Review and Inspection.  
 
(a) IVRE has the right to send representatives at reasonable intervals at any time during normal business 
hours, to your Real Estate Office and other places where you conduct business to review and inspect your 
operations, business methods, service, management and administration relating to the Franchised Business or its 
equivalent, to determine the quality thereof and the faithfulness of your compliance with the provisions of this 
Agreement and the Confidential Operations Manual and to ensure you are in compliance with System standards 
prescribed by IVRE and specified in the Confidential Operations Manual. 
 
(b) You must permit our representatives to access your Real Estate Office and any other facility from which 
you sell IVRE Services at any time during normal business hours to conduct reviews and inspections. You must 
cooperate with such reviews and inspections by rendering such assistance as our representatives may reasonably 
request and upon notice from us or our representatives, immediately begin such steps as may be necessary to 
correct any deficiencies noted during any such inspection. Within 10 business days after any such inspection, our 
representatives may re-inspect your Real Estate Office and any other facility from which you sell IVRE Services to 
ensure noted deficiencies have been corrected. If the deficiencies have not been corrected by the time of the initial 
re-inspection, our representatives may make additional re-inspections every five business days thereafter until noted 
deficiencies have been corrected and you must reimburse us the travel and lodging expenses of our representatives 
who conduct the additional re-inspection. 
 
8.12 Compliance with Laws.  
You must (i) at all times maintain in good standing a real estate broker’s license issued by the appropriate state 
agency, (ii) operate the Franchised Business in compliance with all other applicable laws, rules and regulations of 
all governmental authorities, (iii) comply with all applicable wage, hour and other laws and regulations of the federal, 
state or local governments, (iv) prepare and file all necessary tax returns and (v) pay promptly all taxes imposed 
upon you or upon your business or property. You represent and warrant that you will obtain and always maintain in 
effect all permits, certificates or licenses necessary to conduct the Franchised Business in the locality within which 
the Real Estate Office is situated. You must immediately notify us of any litigation, arbitration, disciplinary action, 
criminal proceeding, or any other legal proceeding or action brought against or involving you, or any entity affiliated 
with you, or any agent, employee, owner, director or partner of yours, which notification must include all relevant 
details in respect thereof, according to the procedures set forth in the Confidential Operations Manual. 
 
8.13 Web Site and Internet Marketing.  
 
(a) During the term of this Agreement, but only in the manner specifically authorized by us in Section 6.2(a) 
of this Agreement, the Confidential Operations Manual or otherwise in writing, you may (i) engage in Franchised 
Business directly or indirectly through the Internet, (ii) establish your own website or social media site, or register an 
Internet domain or social media name using any of the Marks (we must specifically review and approve any uniform 
resource locator (“URL”) or other Internet domain or social media name), and (iii) otherwise advertise on the Internet 
