 
IVRE FDD 030725    
-18- 
Marketing and Promotion Fees are primarily used to promote the Iron Valley Real Estate system 
and residential real estate sales at Outlets. We determine, in our sole discretion, the cost, form 
or media, content, format, production and timing, including regional or local concentration and 
seasonal exposure, location and all other matters involving advertising, public relations and 
promotional campaigns. In 2024, we collected $25,850 in Marketing and Promotion Fees from 
our franchisees, and we spent $129,866 on marketing and advertising the Iron Valley Real 
Estate system and the Brand. The Marketing and Promotion Fees were spent as follows: 100% 
for media placement.   
 
We intend to use the Internet, social media and targeted print media in our marketing and 
advertising efforts. And in the future, we may use local radio and television advertising. We will 
be using in-house advertising personnel to do this, and we may hire advertising and public 
relations firms to assist us in these efforts. We are not required to spend any advertising fees 
in your territory or in or near your Outlet, although we may do so. Advertising Fees are spent to 
benefit all franchises, including you.  
 
We will provide general advertising programs and sales promotion, campaign and sample 
advertising materials. You may develop advertising materials for your own use, at your own 
cost. But we must approve all advertising materials in advance and in writing (approval or 
disapproval will be given within five business days after you submit the advertising materials to 
us). You grant us the right to use the name, image and likeness of you, all Principal Equity 
Owners and any of your affected employees, for commercial purposes in connection with the 
marketing and promotion of the Marks, Iron Valley Real Estate Services, any Iron Valley Real 
Estate Outlet and the Iron Valley Real Estate system (see section 9.1(d) of the Franchise 
Agreement). 
 
We do not have a franchisee council that advises us on advertising policies. 
 
You are not required to participate in any advertising local or regional cooperative. We are not 
involved in any advertising cooperatives.  
 
If we do not expend all Marketing and Promotion Fees in the fiscal year in which they accrue, 
the amount remaining is retained for future advertising. If you request this in writing on or before 
March 31, we will provide you on or before the following May 31 with an unaudited statement 
describing the annual receipts and expenditures of Marketing and Promotion Fees received from 
Iron Valley Real Estate franchisees during the calendar year that just ended.   
 
None of the Marketing and Promotion Fees will be used primarily for the solicitation for new 
franchise sales.  
 
Electronic Point of Sale System and Computer Requirements  
 
Currently, you are required to purchase or lease DarwinCloud from AccountTECH, currently at 
a cost of $2.60 per month for each of your agents, and $10 per month per administrative user. 
ACH and credit card processing fees if used within the software are additional costs (this cost 
may change in the future). You must provide us with continuous access to the accounting 
software we authorize you to use at your Outlet. We will provide you with related information 
(such as a required chart of accounts); so that data you provide us will be categorized properly 
(see section 8.7(a) of the Franchise Agreement). We also require you to maintain an e-mail 
account and always connect it to a dedicated Internet line (or other communications medium 
