IVRE FA 030725  
                       - 9 - 
(e) There is no separate fee payable to us for the Initial Training program provided to your initial Office 
Manager and at least one Principal Equity Owner. However, we may charge other attendees of the Initial Training 
program a separate fee of up to $750 per day.   
 
(f) All costs and expenses (including travel, hotel and meal) of your attendees of Initial Training will be your 
sole responsibility. All persons attending Initial Training on your behalf must have a demonstrable relationship to the 
management and operation of your Franchised Business. 
 
6.2 Training and Assistance after Opening. 
 
(a) After you open and begin operating the Franchised Business at your Real Estate Office, we will provide 
you with access to, list your Real Estate Office on, and integrate information about your Franchise into, the Iron 
Valley Real Estate website. You must participate in (and be responsible for your pro rata share of costs for) any 
website disclosure program or format we require you to use to list real estate agents associated with your Real 
Estate Office. Any other website presence referencing your Real Estate Office must be provided by our affiliate entity, 
unless otherwise agreed. Any content on such other website must be authorized by IVRE, and any portion of such 
other website designed to recruit real estate agents (“careers pages”) must be consistent with similar careers pages 
on the IVRE website. 
 
(b) After you open and begin operating the Franchised Business at your Real Estate Office, we will provide 
you with telephone and e-mail assistance at your request or otherwise as we deem necessary to instruct in all phases 
of the operation of the Franchised Business. Our field representatives may visit your Real Estate Office from time to 
time, but the frequency and duration of any such visits by our representatives is in our sole discretion. In addition, 
we will be available on an ongoing basis at our national headquarters for consultation and guidance with respect to 
the operation and management of the Franchised Business. Other than providing you general guidelines for tax and 
federal employment compliance in our Confidential Operations Manual, we do not provide you with assistance in 
contracting with agents or hiring employees. 
 
 (c) After you open and begin operating the Franchised Business at your Real Estate Office, and upon 
reasonable notice, we may require attendance of your designated personnel at training courses, seminars, 
conferences or other programs other than Initial Training or system-wide or regional meetings (described in Section 
6.3 below) that are deemed by us to be relevant or appropriate to the operation of your Franchised Business. You 
specifically agree that only persons trained by us or under our supervision will have overall responsibility for the 
operation of the Real Estate Office and Franchised Business, and that you will send your Office Manager to us for 
additional training if we request this. There is no additional training fee for IVRE training courses, seminars, 
conferences or other programs that we require you or your representatives to attend.  
 
(d) We may but are not required to provide you with optional staff training courses, coaching and business 
mentoring programs, seminars, conferences, training services from our designated training department, or other 
programs, in a suitable location selected by us. At any time after the Opening Date, we may, at our discretion charge 
you a separate fee of $500 to $5,000 for this optional training. 
 
(e) In addition to updates to the Confidential Operations Manual, we may provide you with additional 
materials relating to the Franchised Business. We may also from time to time make available to you for purchase 
other materials relevant to the System and the Franchised Business. 
 
(f) All costs and expenses (including travel, hotel and meal) of your attendees at any post-opening training, 
conferences or meetings will be your sole responsibility. All persons attending post-opening training, conferences or 
meetings on your behalf must have a demonstrable relationship to the management and operation of the Franchise. 
 
(g) In the event of a Transfer of the Franchise (which must be done in full compliance with Section 12.2 of 
this Agreement), the transferee must be trained by us as a condition of our consent to such Transfer. The transferred 
Franchise may not be opened or re-opened by the transferee until we accept the transferee in writing as being 
qualified to operate the Franchise and we have otherwise consented to the Transfer in accordance with this 
Agreement. 
 
6.3 Regional/System-Wide Meetings.  
We may conduct system-wide or regional meetings (which may include videoconferences or teleconferences) to 
discuss IVRE business activities or other matters relating to the Franchised Business (including broker-manager 
meetings and a system-wide sales conference). Attendance of the Office Manager and at least one Principal Equity 
