IVRE FA 030725  
                       - 17 - 
or anywhere else, the Mark “Iron Valley Real Estate”, or any other Mark, or any mark similar to “Iron Valley Real 
Estate”, or any combination or derivations thereof. 
 
(b) If you establish your own website, it must contain real estate agent recruiting pages (“careers pages”) 
which are clearly visible and display the authorized Commission Splits applicable to your Real Estate Office, and a 
link to the “franchise opportunities page” on our website (the location of this link on your website will be subject to 
our advice and consent). 
 
8.14 Intranet.  
 
 
(a) Within our proprietary website system, we may establish and maintain an “Intranet” through which Iron 
Valley Real Estate franchisees may communicate with each other, and through which we and you may communicate 
with each other and through which we may disseminate the Confidential Operations Manual, updates thereto and 
other confidential information. We will have discretion and control over all aspects of this Intranet, including its content 
and functionality. 
 
 
(b) You may use the Intranet, but only if you are in strict compliance with the standards and specifications, 
protocols and restrictions that we may establish from time to time regarding such use. Such standards and 
specifications, protocols and restrictions may relate to, among other things, (i) the use of abusive, slanderous or 
otherwise offensive language in electronic communications, (ii) communications between or among franchisees that 
disparage IVRE or endorse or encourage default of any Iron Valley Real Estate franchise agreement, or other 
agreement with us or our affiliates, (iii) confidential treatment of materials that we transmit via the Intranet, (iv) 
password protocols and other security precautions, including limitations on the number and types of employees that 
may be granted access to the Intranet, (v) grounds and procedures for our suspending or revoking a franchisee’s 
access to the Intranet, and (vi) a privacy policy governing our access to and use of electronic communications that 
franchisees post to the Intranet. You acknowledge that, as administrator of the Intranet, we can technically access 
and view any communication that any person posts on the Intranet. You further acknowledge that the Intranet facility 
and all communications that are posted to it will become our property, free of any claims of privacy or privilege that 
you or any other person may assert. 
 
 
(c) So long as the Intranet is operating, you must establish and continually maintain (during all times that the 
Intranet is operational and until the termination of this Agreement) an electronic connection (the specifications of 
which will be specified in the Confidential Operations Manual) with the Intranet that allows us to send messages to 
and receive messages from you, subject to the standards and specifications. 
 
8.15 Franchise Advisory Council.  
We may, at our option, establish a franchise advisory council (the “FAC”), which will be composed of IVRE 
franchisees. The FAC will, among other functions requested by us, serve as a representative committee for 
franchisees of the System and facilitate and coordinate the sharing of information and ideas between franchisees of 
the System and us. If appointed or elected to do so, you (or your designee) must, at your own expense, participate 
as a member of the FAC. We reserve the right to set reasonable standards for appointment or election to the FAC 
and you acknowledge that if we establish the FAC, you may be required to pay a fee or otherwise contribute to the 
FAC as the FAC leadership may require. You acknowledge that the role of the FAC is advisory only, and we are not 
obligated to implement the FAC’s recommendations. Neither you nor your designee will have the right to be 
appointed, elected, and if appointed or elected, to continue to serve on the FAC if you are in material default of this 
Agreement, or are not current in your financial obligations to us, and your landlord (if any), suppliers and vendors. 
 
IX. PROPRIETARY MARKS 
9.1 License of the Marks.  
 
 
(a) We hereby grant you the right during the term hereof to use and display the Marks in accordance with 
the provisions contained in this Agreement and in the Confidential Operations Manual, solely in connection with your 
operation of the Franchised Business at the Real Estate Office. Except for the specified rights to use and display the 
Marks and Intellectual Property granted under this section 9.1(a), you acquire no other rights to the Marks or 
Intellectual Property. Neither you nor any Principal Equity Owner may use, display or permit the use or display of 
trademarks, trade names, service marks, insignias or logo types other than the Marks and other trademarks and 
service marks approved for use by us in connection with the Franchised Business. And neither you nor any Principal 
Equity Owner may use or display the Marks in connection with the operation of any business or other activity that is 
