 
IVRE FDD 030725    
-17- 
Attendance of at least one Office Manager and at least one Principal Equity Owner at these 
meetings is required. We may charge you a registration fee for each of your attendees of these 
meetings. You must pay the cost of travel, hotel and meal expenses for your attendees at these 
meetings. (See section 6.3 of the Franchise Agreement.) 
 
(5) Will provide you with access to, and integrate information about your Outlet into, the Iron 
Valley Real Estate website in accordance with our specifications (see section 6.2(a) of the 
Franchise Agreement). 
 
(6) May suggest retail prices for Iron Valley Real Estate Services you sell at your Outlet (to 
enhance uniformity in the delivery of goods and services to retail customers by our franchises 
and the strength of our Marks in inter-brand competition) and may restrict advertising of prices 
that are different from what we recommend. (See section 8.1(b) of the Franchise Agreement.) 
Otherwise, we do not assist you in establishing prices, such as setting minimum or maximum 
prices at which you must sell products and services at your Outlet. 
 
Advertising Program for the Franchise System 
Beginning after the Opening Date, and year thereafter, you must pay us Marketing and 
Promotion Fees equal to $250 a month.  We will spend collected Marketing and Promotion 
Fees for national, regional, and local advertising, public relations, market research, and 
promotional campaigns designed to promote and enhance the value of the Brand and its 
general recognition and acceptance. In addition, if you use the website provider that we 
recommend, you must pay us an Agent Website Fee of $16.96 for each of your real estate 
agents who will be listed on the IRVE master website. If you do not use the website provider 
we recommend, no Agent Website Fees are payable; however, you would need to enter all 
your real estate agents into our website on a “Roster Only” basis and reimburse us for any 
related MLS IDX charges. 
 
Within the first six months after the Opening Date, you must spend at least $1,000 on the grand 
opening advertising and promotion of your Outlet, using the grand opening promotional 
program that we approve (see section 4.3(c) of the Franchise Agreement). Beginning six 
months after the Opening Date, you must spend at least $125 each month on the local 
marketing, advertising and promotion of your Outlet, and we may require you to provide us with 
receipts or other written verification of these expenditures (see section 4.3(d) of the Franchise 
Agreement). You pay third parties and not us for this grand opening advertising and promotion 
and for local marketing, advertising and promotion of your Outlet.    
 
On a national or regional basis, we may impose an additional assessment on all affected Iron 
Valley Real Estate franchisees for special advertising or promotional activities if two-thirds of 
all affected franchised Outlets agree to this additional assessment in writing (see section 4.3(e) 
of the Franchise Agreement).  
 
Marketing and Promotion Fees are deposited into our operating account but separately 
identified with a specific chart of account designated for Iron Valley Real Estate marketing, 
advertising and promotional activities. This account is not audited and no interest on the 
amounts on deposit is imputed for your benefit or paid to you. We administer the national 
advertising program and receive an administration fee of 15% of the annual aggregate Marketing 
and Promotion Fees for doing so.  
 
