IVRE FA 030725  
                       - 2 - 
Effective Date. The term “Effective Date” means the day we sign this Agreement and the legal relationship under 
this Agreement is in effect. 
 
Franchised Business. The term “Franchised Business” means the sale of “IVRE Services” (as defined in this Article 
I) and other real estate-related programs and services we authorize in the Confidential Operations Manual, pursuant 
to the “System” (as defined in this Article I) from your Real Estate Office using the business methods and procedures 
set forth by us for the operation and marketing of the Real Estate Office. 
 
Gross Revenues. The term “Gross Revenues” means all revenues, however generated or received, that are derived 
by you from operating the Franchised Business at or through your Real Estate Office, not modified for uncollected 
accounts, but excluding (i) applicable sales or use taxes and (ii) legitimate refunds. 
 
Initial Training. The term “Initial Training” means training in the System provided by us, as described in and required 
by Section 6.1 hereof. 
 
IVRE Services. The term “IVRE Services” means a proprietary business system for opening and operating 
businesses that operate offices providing full-service residential and commercial real estate sales and leasing 
services provided at real estate offices in accordance with this Agreement and the Confidential Operations Manual 
(as periodically amended by us). 
 
Marks. The term “Marks” means the proprietary marks that are associated with the IVRE system and associated 
designs in respect of which registrations have been obtained from or applied for with the United States Patent and 
Trademark Office, as well as all common law trademarks and service marks, trade names, logos, insignias, designs 
and other commercial symbols which we now or hereafter are authorized to use and use or authorize others to use 
to identify the Franchised Business. We will list in the Confidential Operations Manual a schedule of Marks you are 
authorized to use under this Agreement and update this schedule as necessary. 
 
Office Manager. The term “Office Manager” means the individual (may be a Principal Equity Owner) that has been 
designated by you as the person responsible for the day-to-day operation of the Real Estate Office, and who has 
successfully completed “Initial Training” (as defined in this Article I). 
 
Opening Date. The term “Opening Date” means the day you open your Real Estate Office, furnished, inventoried 
and equipped in accordance with our requirements, and you begin operating the Franchised Business using the 
Marks under this Agreement. 
 
Principal Equity Owner. The term “Principal Equity Owner” means a sole proprietor or each person who owns 20% 
or more of the entity that executes this Agreement as franchisee. 
 
Proprietary Information. The term “Proprietary Information” means all non-public information, knowledge, know-
how and technologies that we designate as confidential, proprietary or trade secrets, including the Confidential 
Operations Manual, customer lists, business formats, business systems, financial information, marketing strategies 
and programs, operational techniques, service concepts, artwork, e-mail, electronic media, graphics, layouts, 
slogans, names, titles, text, bulletins, instruction sheets, or supplements thereto, and any proprietary equipment, 
videotapes, videodiscs, forms, advertising matter, the Marks, devices, insignias and designs. 
 
Real Estate Agent. The term “Real Estate Agent” means a person that owns, is employed by, or contractually 
engaged by, you and who is licensed or otherwise legally authorized under the laws of your state to (i) act as an 
intermediary between seller and buyers of real property and (i) find sellers that wish to sell, and buyers that wish 
buy, real property. 
 
Real Estate Office. The term “Real Estate Office” means your real estate brokerage office that IVRE has consented 
to, and which is dedicated to the operation of the Franchised Business under the Marks and in accordance with the 
System.  
 
System. The term “System” means comprehensive marketing and operational systems prescribed by us to be used 
in the conduct of the Franchised Business, as set forth in this Agreement and the Confidential Operations Manual. 
The System includes (i) the Marks, (ii) proprietary technology and know-how relating to IVRE Services, (iii) 
advertising, marketing and sales programs and techniques, (iv) training programs, and (v) related materials, artwork, 
graphics, layouts, slogans, names, titles, text and other intellectual property that we make available to you. In our 
sole discretion, we may improve or change the System from time to time (including but not limited to adding to, 
