IVRE FA 030725  
                       - 14 - 
8.5 Maintenance, Upgrades and Refurbishments to the Real Estate Office.  
 
(a) IVRE requires that you maintain, and from time to time refurbish, the Real Estate Office to conform to 
the then-current building design, Trade Dress, and color schemes then applicable for an Iron Valley Real Estate 
office. Such maintenance and refurbishment may require that you upgrade or refurbish to conform to the then-current 
building design, Trade Dress, and color schemes then applicable for. Such refurbishment may require expenditures 
by you on, among other things, structural changes, installing new equipment, remodeling, redecoration and 
modifications to existing improvements and such modifications as may be necessary to comply with System-wide 
standards then in effect for IVRE real estate offices or to accommodate new IVRE Services.  
 
(b) IVRE will only require the types of modifications and expenditures described herein where there is good 
cause. In this context, “good cause” means that IVRE must make a good faith determination that your Real Estate 
Office are substantially inconsistent with prevailing System-wide standards (including the Trade Dress, safety issues 
regarding customers and employees, the overall condition of the Real Estate Office, or the type, quality or condition 
of the equipment needed to adequately promote and sell IVRE Services) and that, as a result of its appearance or 
condition, your Real Estate Office is either (i) not adequately positioned to promote and sell IVRE Services as then 
required or (ii) damaging the integrity of the IVRE image, brand or Marks. Such updates will be contained in the 
Confidential Operations Manual or otherwise provided to you in writing. Such updates may require you to install new 
color schemes, logos, signage or other visual elements. We anticipate that such Trade Dress updates will be required 
no more frequently than once every five years. 
 
8.6 Relocation of Your Real Estate Office.  
 
 
(a) If you desire to relocate your Real Estate Office, you may do so provided not less than 90 days prior to 
the desired date of relocation (unless prior notice is impractical because of a required relocation in which event notice 
must be given as soon as possible), you make a written request for consent to relocate, describing the reasons for 
the relocation and providing complete written details respecting any proposed new location.  
 
 
(b) Within 20 business days after receiving your request, IVRE will either approve or disapprove in writing 
such closure or relocation in our reasonable discretion. In the event of disapproval of a proposed relocation, you may 
request an alternative proposed new location pursuant to the provisions of this Section 8.6. 
 
 
(c) You and the landlord may be required to execute a rider to your lease for the new location for your Real 
Estate Office, or other agreement or written understanding requiring the landlord to fully cooperate with IVRE in 
completing de-identification of the relocated Real Estate Office if this Agreement is terminated or expires without 
being renewed. 
 
8.7 Record Keeping and Reporting Requirements.  
 
 
 
(a) You must provide us with continuous access to the accounting software we require or authorize you to 
use at your Real Estate Office, in order that we will be able to accept data from you and you will also be able to 
accept data from our software. We may provide you with related information (such as a required chart of accounts) 
so that data you provide us will be categorized properly. Also, not later than 10 business days after we request them, 
you must submit to us financial or statistical reports, records, statements or information as required in the Confidential 
Operations Manual or otherwise by us in writing. 
 
 
(b) Within 90 days after the end of each of your fiscal years (or any permitted extension for filing same), you 
must submit to us a copy of the Schedule C or equivalent portion of your federal tax return relating to the Real Estate 
Office and your operation of the Franchised Business. We agree to maintain the contents of these portions of your 
tax returns in strict confidence and not to disclose them to any third party without your express written consent. On 
the Effective Date (and any time thereafter that this date changes), you must notify us of your fiscal year end date. 
 
 
(c) All financial or statistical information you provide to us must be accurate and correct in all material 
respects. 
 
 
(d) We have the right to use any financial or statistical information that you provide us, as we deem 
appropriate. We will not identify you, your Real Estate Office as the source of the information, and we will not disclose 
any of this information except (i) with your written consent, (ii) as required by law or compulsory order or (iii) in 
connection with audits or collections under this Agreement. 
 
