IVRE FA 030725  
                       - 28 - 
XIV. DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
 
14.1 Initial Steps to Resolve a Dispute; Mediation.  
 
(a) We and you have entered a long-term franchise relationship which gives rise to an obligation, subject to 
and consistent with the terms of this Agreement, to endeavor to make the relationship succeed, considering the 
overall best interests of the System, as contemplated by this Agreement. To that end, you and we acknowledge that 
you and we need to attempt to resolve disagreements or disputes before such disagreements or disputes negatively 
impact the relationship. Good faith communications between you and us are an important aspect of that obligation. 
The parties hereby pledge and agree that they will first attempt to resolve any dispute, claim or controversy arising 
out of or relating to this Agreement or any alleged breach hereof, including any claim that this Agreement or any part 
hereof is invalid, illegal or otherwise voidable or void (collectively, “Dispute”) by first having our executive officers and 
your Principal Equity Owners meet in person within five business days after a party notifies the other party that a 
Dispute has arisen at our principal executive office (without our respective legal counsel) and conduct a good faith 
discussion and negotiation of the issues with a view to arriving at a settlement (“Settlement Conference”). We may 
proceed to terminate this Agreement in either of the following two situations without a settlement meeting or 
mediation proceeding: (i) if there is any breach of this Agreement by you that may result in an immediate termination 
of this Agreement pursuant to Section 13.2 above, or (ii) if you fail to pay any sums due us under this Agreement 
which may result in termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 13.3 above. Also, if a party refuses to 
participate in the settlement meeting or mediation within the respective time frames set forth in this Section 14.1, the 
other party may immediately commence an arbitration proceeding pursuant to Section 14.2 below. 
 
(b) If the parties are unable to settle the Dispute at the Settlement Conference described in Section 14.1 
above, within 10 business days after the date this conference took place (or should have taken place), you and we 
may submit the Dispute to mediation at a mutually agreeable location in Pennsylvania conducted by a mutually 
acceptable mediator who has at least 10 years of experience in franchise law or franchise business matters.  If the 
Dispute is not referred to mediation within 10 business days after the settlement conference took place (or should 
have taken place), the Dispute may be immediately submitted to binding resolution through arbitration proceedings 
pursuant to Section 14.2 below. Any mediation proceedings should be completed within 60 days following the date 
either party first gives notice of mediation. The fees and expenses of the mediator will be shared equally by the 
parties. The mediator will be disqualified as a witness, expert or counsel for any party with respect to the Dispute 
and any related matter.  
 
(c) Mediation is a compromise negotiation and will constitute privileged communications under the law 
governing this Agreement. The entire mediation process will be confidential and the conduct, statements, promises, 
offers, views and opinions of the mediator and the parties will not be discoverable or admissible in any legal 
proceeding for any purpose; provided, however, that evidence which is otherwise discoverable or admissible will not 
be excluded from discovery or admission because of its use in the mediation. 
 
14.2 Arbitration.  
 
(a) Except as specifically provided in Sections 13.2(c) and 13.3(c) above, any Dispute between us (or 
our affiliated entities) and you (or your affiliated entities) or Principal Equity Owners that is not  settled 
through the procedures described in Section 14.1 above will be resolved through binding arbitration by and 
before JAMS, Inc. in accordance with (i) its Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures if the amount in 
controversy is less than $250,000, or (ii) its Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures (if the amount 
in controversy is $250,000 or more, or if the parties in dispute mutually agree, through binding arbitration 
by any other mutually agreeable arbitrator. It is explicitly agreed by each of the parties hereto that no 
arbitration of any Dispute may be commenced except in accordance with this Section 14.2. 
 
 
(b) All hearings and other proceedings will take place in Philadelphia County, Pennsylvania, or other 
county where our headquarters office is then located, or if we so elect, in the county where your (or an 
applicable Principal Equity Owner’s) principal place of business is then located.  
 
(c) Either party may present briefs and affidavits of witnesses who are unable to attend hearings.  A 
limited amount of discovery is permitted within the discretion of the arbitrator (including affidavits, 
interrogatories and depositions). The arbitrator will have the right to award or include in the award any relief 
that the arbitrator deems proper in the circumstances, including money damages (with interest on unpaid 
amounts from the date due), specific performance and injunctive relief, provided that the arbitrator will not 
have the right to declare any Mark generic or otherwise invalid or to award punitive damages. If either party 
