 
IVRE ADRSA 030725  
3  
continue to provide us with updates and all information as may be requested by Franchisor, including 
Franchisee’s progress and diligence in responding to and overcoming the Force Majeure. 
 
(d) Franchisor will not be liable to Franchisee for any consequential damages, including lost profits, 
interest expense, increased construction or occupancy costs, or other costs and expenses incurred by 
Franchisee due to any conduct not due to Franchisor’s gross negligence or intentional misfeasance. 
 
2.4 Termination of Agreement and Additional Development Rights.  
 
(a) If Franchisee fails to open an additional Real Estate Office in accordance with the Development 
Schedule, Franchisee will be in material default of this Agreement. The first time this happens, Franchisor 
will extend the time to open the additional Real Estate Office (and all other additional Real Estate Offices 
under the Development Schedule) for 90 days. If after the 90-day extension, Franchisee is still in 
noncompliance with the Development Schedule, this Agreement may be immediately terminated by 
Franchisor upon written notice.  
 
(b) Once Franchisee opens all additional Real Estate Offices specified in the Development Schedule, 
this Agreement will remain in effect for purposes of Royalty Share, and all rights under each Franchise 
Agreement that Franchisee (or its affiliated entity) executed for the additional Real Estate Offices will remain 
in full force and effect. If Franchisee desires to engage in further development within the Development Area 
of additional Real Estate Offices in excess of the obligations committed to under the Development Schedule, 
Franchisee may do so provided it notifies Franchisor in writing of the proposed site for each additional Real 
Estate Office, which will also receive a Royalty Share under the terms of this Agreement. 
 
III. TERRITORY FEE 
 
3.1 Territory Fee.  
In consideration of the exclusive development rights granted to Franchisee herein, Franchisee will pay to 
Franchisor upon execution of this Agreement a non-refundable “Territory Fee” of $100. The Territory Fee will 
be fully earned by Franchisor for administrative and other expenses incurred by Franchisor and is not 
refundable. 
 
3.2 Franchise Agreements for Additional Real Estate Offices.  
Each additional Real Estate Office to be opened pursuant hereto will require execution by Franchisee (or its 
affiliated entity) and Franchisor of a separate Franchise Agreement (using Franchisor’s then current form 
thereof) granting Franchisee (or its affiliated entity) the right to operate that additional Real Estate Office, and 
payment of the initial franchise fee due under the Franchise Agreement (Franchisees existing in the Iron 
Valley system prior to March 10, 2022, will not receive any discounts in the initial franchise fee payable under 
Franchise Agreements for additional Real Estate Offices opened under this Agreement).  
 
IV. TRANSFER OR ASSIGNMENT 
 
4.1 Assignment by Franchisor.   
 
(a) This Agreement has been executed by Franchisor in reliance upon and in consideration of the 
singular personal qualifications, trust and confidence that Franchisor reposes in Franchisee. Accordingly, 
although Franchisee may assign individual Franchise Agreements, Franchisee may not assign this 
Agreement except as provided in Section 4.2 below.  
 
(b) Franchisor may assign this Agreement in Franchisor’s sole discretion and without Franchisee’s 
consent, and Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor is permitted to do so without liability or obligation to 
Franchisee, and Franchisee expressly and specifically waives any claims, demands or damages arising from 
or related to any such assignment. 
 
4.2 Transfers from Franchisee to an Affiliated Entity.  
Upon not less than 30 days’ prior written notice to Franchisor, Franchisee may without Franchisor’s consent 
assign and transfer this Agreement to an entity that is (i) organized to operate as a developer of Real Estate 
Offices and (ii) entirely owned by Franchisee. Any assignment and transfer to an affiliated entity must be 
evidenced by a written instrument, in form reasonably satisfactory to Franchisor, under the terms of which 
said business entity expressly assumes all of Franchisee’s obligations hereunder, whether accrued at the 
