IVRE FA 030725  
                       - 10 - 
Owner at these meetings is highly recommended. We may limit the number of your attendees at these meetings, 
and we may charge you a registration fee for each of your attendees of these meetings. You must pay the cost of 
travel, hotel and meal expenses for your attendees at these meetings. 
 
6.4 Proprietary Materials.  
At Initial Training and other training programs and conferences, we may provide you with confidential and proprietary 
information (“Proprietary Information”), as well as training materials, training curricula and related materials for your 
use in the training of your staff. All these items are and will remain our property. You must not yourself nor allow your 
employees or others, to copy, reproduce, disseminate or otherwise reveal to third parties any of the foregoing 
Proprietary Information and related materials without our express prior written consent.  
 
VII. OPENING OF REAL ESTATE OFFICES 
 
7.1 Your Real Estate Office.  
The Franchised Business may only be operated from a franchised Real Estate Office. If your Real Estate Office has 
not been identified when you sign this Agreement, but the general location is identified, the exact location of your 
Real Estate Office will be inserted into a restated Exhibit 1 attached to this Agreement as soon as its location has 
been determined. 
 
7.2 Opening Your Real Estate Office.  
 
(a) If they did not already exist at the time this Agreement is signed, premises acceptable to IVRE from which 
your Real Estate Office will be operated must be located and secured by you (through ownership or lease) and 
reviewed and consented to by IVRE within 90 days after the Effective Date. IVRE will not unreasonably withhold 
consent to this location. When IVRE consents to your business location, you must countersign and return to IVRE 
our location consent letter in the form prescribed by IVRE. If you have not located a site for your Real Estate Office 
that is acceptable to IVRE within 90 days after the Effective Date, IVRE may cancel your Franchise Agreement 
because you failed to find an acceptable site; and if IVRE does so, we will refund your Initial Franchise Fee after 
deducting costs we incurred in processing the Franchise or this Agreement. If you have not commenced operation of 
the Franchised Business within 180 days after the Effective Date, IVRE may terminate this Agreement effective on 
written notice, and if IVRE does so, you will not be entitled to receive any refund of your Initial Franchise Fee.  
 
(b) If you are not converting an existing real estate office to the Iron Valley Real Estate system, IVRE may 
assist you in the site selection process and we reserve the sole right of final review and consent to any location of 
the Real Estate Office. IVRE uses available demographic information to help you evaluate the site and the area in 
which it is located, and analyze area income figures, traffic patterns, visibility, population density, competition, zoning, 
parking, accessibility and other related, relevant circumstances.  
 
(c) IVRE will provide you with guidelines regarding Trade Dress, furnishings and office equipment relating to 
your Real Estate Office. However, all construction, refurbishment, equipping and furnishing your Real Estate Office 
is and will remain your sole responsibility. You are responsible, at your expense, for obtaining all zoning 
classifications, permits, clearances, certificates of occupancy and center clearances which may be required by 
governmental authorities. 
 
 
(d) IVRE must have access to your Real Estate Office while any construction or refurbishment work is in 
progress. Before opening of the Real Estate Office under this Agreement, IVRE will review the Trade Dress and 
signage, and issue a written consent for you to begin operating under this Agreement. Any deficiencies noted by 
IVRE from this inspection must be corrected by you within 30 days or this Agreement may be terminated without any 
liability to IVRE. 
 
 
(e) Although IVRE may assist you with site selection, you have the sole responsibility for locating and 
obtaining suitable premises for your Real Estate Office. You and your landlord may be required to execute a rider to 
your lease, or other agreement or written understanding that requires the landlord (i) to notify IVRE if you are in in 
material default of the lease for the Real Estate Office premises and (ii) to fully cooperate with IVRE in completing 
de-identification of the Real Estate Office if this Agreement is terminated or expires without being renewed.  
 
(f) IVRE has the right to continually inspect your Real Estate Office and any other site where you conduct 
the Franchised Business to ensure you are complying with the Trade Dress and other System standards prescribed 
by IVRE and specified in the Confidential Operations Manual. 
 
