 
IVRE FDD 030725    
-12- 
costs associated with your integration into an MLS technology platform. You must provide us 
on a quarterly basis a report of your MLS activities.  
 
During each calendar year, you must also hold (i) at least one community fundraiser, charitable 
event, or community service event (and provide us with a brief description of the event and 
photos for use by us on our website) and (ii) at least two office events for your real estate 
agents (and we recommend one in the summer and one in the winter). You must also allow 
other real estate agents within the Iron Valley Real Estate organization use of your Outlet for 
closings, meeting clients and other short-term general office use. Your Outlet must have a 
lockbox system with key to the Outlet for agent use. The code to the lockbox system will be set 
forth in the Confidential Operations Manual. 
 
You must purchase all branded apparel and other professional attire containing the Brand or 
other trademarks from designated clothing vendors (currently these designated clothing 
vendors are (i) Travel Champs, Inc., Hummelstown, Pennsylvania, (ii) Markful, El Cajon, 
California, and (iii) Unique Apparel, Lancaster, Pennsylvania). We will receive a portion of 
revenues received by these clothing vendors from sales made to our franchisees. 
 
Franchisor or its Affiliates Acting as Approved Suppliers 
 
Currently, we are not an approved supplier or the only suppliers of goods or services you will 
use in operating your Outlet.  
 
Another affiliate Your Refer It allows real estate agents both within and outside the Iron Valley 
Real Estate system to associate with You Refer It to maintain their real estate licenses for referral 
purposes only. No active sales will be made by You Refer It, which acts as a place where inactive 
sales agents can maintain their real estate license, refer business to our active real estate offices 
and receive a fee for these referrals. If the inactive sales agent wants to resume acting as an 
active sales agent, its license would be transferred back to an appropriate Iron Valley Real Estate 
office.  
 
Officers or persons affiliated with us own an interest in You Refer It. Otherwise, there are no 
suppliers in which any of our officers or persons affiliated with us owns an interest. 
 
Required and Approved Suppliers 
 
You must purchase items bearing the Brand only from designated vendors (including Travel 
Champs, Inc., Markful, and Unique Apparel, who all supply branded apparel) or approved 
suppliers. If you buy from other sources, you will be in material breach of your Franchise 
Agreement. You will receive a list of approved suppliers at initial training and later updates to this 
list. 
 
You must obtain and maintain insurance coverage required by the Franchise Agreement from a 
carrier with a rating of “A VII” or better by A. M. Best Company, and we must approve the 
insurance provider and the amount of coverage.  
 
You may be given an opportunity to purchase some ancillary real estate services (including 
escrow, title insurance and mortgage services) from other providers. Each provider of these 
ancillary real estate services must have all necessary permits and licenses to allow them to 
do so. 
