IVRE FA 030725  
                       - 3 - 
deleting or modifying elements of the System and amending the Confidential Operations Manual) for the intended 
purpose of making the System more effective, efficient, economical or competitive; adapting to or taking advantage 
of competitive conditions, opportunities, technology, materials or local marketing needs and conditions; enhancing 
the reputation or public acceptance of the System; or better serving the public. 
 
Trade Dress. The term “Trade Dress” means the unique and distinctive layout, design and color schemes relating 
to the Real Estate Office, and the textures, sizes, designs, shapes, and placements of words, graphics, and 
decorations on signs, products and packaging related to IVRE Services. 
 
Transaction Side. The term “Transaction Side” means the side of a real estate transaction represented by either a 
listing agent or a seller’s agent. 
 
Transfer. The term “Transfer” means a sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance, pledge, mortgage, encumbrance, 
abandonment, elimination or giving away, voluntarily or involuntarily, by operation of law or otherwise. 
 
II. THE FRANCHISED BUSINESS 
 
2.1 Our Business.  
We are engaged in the administration, development, operation and licensing of businesses that operate real estate 
brokerage offices offering the Franchised Business, using the Marks, operational techniques, service concepts and 
proprietary technology and confidential information owned or authorized to be used by and identified with IVRE and 
our affiliated companies. Our activities in general and our system (including proprietary technology, products and 
services; logos; equipment and operations; designs and layouts for the Real Estate Office; marketing and 
advertising, specialty retail items and promotional activities) are undertaken to develop, maintain and enhance the 
Marks and our business reputation.  
 
2.2 The Franchise System.  
We have developed and supervise the franchise System under the Marks operated in accordance with the provisions 
of this Agreement and our Confidential Operations Manual, as amended from time to time. The Owner of the Marks 
has authorized us to license the Marks to IVRE franchisees.  
 
 
III. GRANT OF FRANCHISE 
 
3.1 Grant of Franchise.  
 
(a) By our respective signatures below, we hereby grant to you, and you hereby accept, a license 
(“Franchise”) to participate in and use the System by establishing and conducting the Franchised Business at your 
Real Estate Office in strict accordance with this Agreement and the Confidential Operations Manual, from the 
Effective Date until the end of the term hereof and any additional term unless sooner terminated.  
 
(b) Unless our Confidential Operations Manual specifically states otherwise, you may, if you wish, also 
offer, sell, use or furnish Ancillary Services and Products from sources approved by us in the Confidential 
Operations Manual. If we notify you of new Ancillary Services or Products which are optional, then you agree to 
promptly advise us whether you will offer and sell the new Ancillary Services or Products. Your decision to offer 
Ancillary Services or Products does not in any way preclude you from offering similar competitive services or 
products of other companies, so long as they are offered and sold on a non-exclusive basis as well as the Ancillary 
Services or Products. We may advise you from time to time of any new Ancillary Services or Products which we 
will authorize you to offer, sell, use or furnish (as applicable). If we advise you that a new Ancillary Service or 
Product is available and you notify us that you wish to offer, sell, use or furnish it, then you agree, at your sole 
expense: (i) to obtain all necessary products, services, promotional materials and equipment (including, without 
limitation, computer software or hardware), which we advise you are necessary for offering, selling, using or 
furnishing (as applicable) the Ancillary Service or Product, and (ii) to begin offering, selling, using or furnishing the 
Ancillary Service or Product (as applicable) no later than 90 days after your receipt of our notice (or at such later 
time as our notice may direct). 
 
(c) Each Principal Equity Owner must execute the Guarantee of Franchise Agreement attached as Exhibit 
3 of this Agreement. 
 
(d) You acknowledge that we may have granted and may in the future operate or grant other licenses and 
franchises for Iron Valley Real Estate locations anywhere. YOU MAY NOT USE OUR MARKS, OPERATIONAL 
