 
 
N O T E S  T O  F I N A N C I A L  S T A T E M E N T S  
December 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Leases  
 
Maturities of lease liabilities are as follows as of December 31, 2024: 
 
 
 
The operating lease liabilities of $167,986 as of December 31, 2024, represents the discounted (at 
a 6.67% estimated incremental borrowing rate) value of the future lease payments.  For the years 
ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, rent expense attributed to the operating lease totaled $84,711 
and $74,861, respectively. 
 
Right -of-Use Assets and Lease Liabilities – The Company determines if an arrangement contains 
a lease at inception of a contract.  Right-of-use assets represent the Company’s right to use an 
underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the Company’s obligation to make 
lease payments arising from lease.  Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are recognized at the 
commencement date of the lease based on the present value of the remaining future minimum lease 
payments.  As the interest rate implicit in the Company’s lease is not readily determinable, the 
Company utilizes its incremental borrowing rate, determined by class of underlying asset, to discount 
the lease payments.   
Revenue recognition 
The Company adopted Topic 606 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” for revenue recognition 
related to contracts with customers.  Under the new guidance, revenue is recognized in accordance 
with a five-step revenue model, as follows: (i) identifying the contract with the customer; (ii) 
identifying the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determining the transaction price; (iv) 
allocating the transaction price to the performance obligations; and (v) recognizing revenue when (or 
as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation.  In applying this five-step model, the Company made 
significant judgements in identifying the promised goods or services in their contracts with franchisees 
that are distinct, and which represent separate performance obligations, which is satisfied by providing 
a right to use our intellectual property over the estimated life of the franchise.  The Company recognize 
initial and renewal franchise fees as revenue on a straight-line basis over the life of the related 
franchise agreements and any exercised renewal periods. 
Page 10 
