IVRE FA 030725  
                       - 13 - 
However, the Confidential Operations Manual, as modified or amended by us from time to time, will not alter your 
fundamental status and rights under this Agreement. If there is any discrepancy or dispute about the version of the 
Confidential Operations Manual that you may have printed and maintain, the master copy of the Confidential 
Operations Manual that we maintain at our headquarters (and which you will have online access to through our 
website) will be the controlling version and will supersede all prior versions. 
 
 
 
(c) Upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever, you must immediately 
return to us any printed portions of the Confidential Operations Manual then in your possession. Except as 
specifically permitted by us, at no time may you, or your employees or agents, (i) make, or cause to be made, any 
copies or reproductions of all or any portion of the Confidential Operations Manual, (ii) give online access to the 
Confidential Operations Manual to unauthorized persons, or (iii) disclose any part of the Confidential Operations 
Manual to any other person except your authorized employees and agents when required in the operation of the 
Franchised Business. You must also permanently erase anything relating to our trade secrets (or other Proprietary 
Information) or the Franchised Business from any computers and other media storage devices you retain after 
expiration, cancellation or termination of this Agreement. 
 
8.3 Standards of Operation.  
You agree that we, you and everyone else involved in the System benefits from the maintenance of the highest 
standards of uniformity, quality, similar appearance and prominent display of the Marks at your Real Estate Office. 
Therefore, you agree to maintain the uniform standards of quality, appearance and display of the Marks in strict 
accordance with this Agreement and the Confidential Operations Manual as it may be revised from time to time, and 
as we may otherwise direct in writing. In order that we may establish and maintain an effective network of franchisees, 
you specifically agree that you must not display the Marks except in the manner we authorize. 
 
8.4 Computer System and Proprietary Technology. 
 
(a) You must use and maintain a personal computer system (including all related hardware and software) 
as specified in the Confidential Operations Manual or otherwise by IVRE in writing for use in connection with the 
Franchised Business (the “Computer System”). IVRE requires you to maintain an e-mail account and always connect 
the Computer System to a dedicated, state of the art Internet or other high-speed communications medium specified 
or approved by IVRE capable of accessing the Internet to implement software, transmit and receive data, in the 
manner designated by IVRE in the Confidential Operations Manual or otherwise by IVRE in writing. You must obtain 
all software and hardware, including digital still and video cameras, as IVRE may specify to enable you to provide 
ample security against viruses and computer malware, send and receive e-mail, contact and track customers, 
perform accounting functions, perform marketing and access and transmit digital photos and streaming video or 
other multimedia signals and information to and from the Real Estate Office, and you must, from time to time, upon 
our request transmit digital photos and real time video and audio signals of the Real Estate Office to IVRE, and in 
the form and manner prescribed by us. You must purchase any upgrades, enhancements or replacements to the 
Computer System or hardware and software as we may from time to time require by 30 days written notice; provided 
however that you will not be required to update or replace the Computer System any more frequently than once 
every three years. We may access the Computer System on a daily or other basis at such times and in such manner 
as determined by IVRE, with or without notice, to retrieve files and data stored therein relating to the Real Estate 
Office and the Franchised Business. 
 
 (b) IVRE may designate that certain computer software must be used in the operation of the Computer 
System (“Designated Software”) including but not limited to our proprietary website system and other software as 
specified in the Confidential Operations Manual or otherwise by us in writing. From time to time, you may also be 
required to purchase any upgrades, enhancements or replacements to the Designated Software. You must 
incorporate any required modifications or additions within 30 days after receiving written notice from IVRE unless a 
longer time is stated in the notice. 
 
(c) You may not install, and must prohibit others from installing, unauthorized software on the Computer 
System. You must take all commercially reasonable measures to prevent any virus, Trojan horse, malicious code or 
other unauthorized code or software to infect or otherwise be installed on, or transmitted by, the Computer System. 
You must from time to time communicate to IVRE all passwords, access keys and other security devices or systems 
necessary to permit IVRE to access the Computer System and obtain the data we are permitted to obtain under this 
Agreement. 
 
 
