 
IVRE ADRSA 030725  
4  
time of such assignment or arising thereafter, and the assignee agrees to be bound by all the terms and 
provisions of this Agreement to the same extent and in the same manner as Franchisee is bound. A copy of 
said instrument, executed by both Franchisee and said business entity must be delivered to Franchisor before 
the effective date of the transfer.  
 
V. NON-COMPETITION 
 
5.1 Restriction on Competitive Activities.  
During the term of this Agreement and after it is terminated or expires, Franchisee and each of its “Principal 
Equity Owners” (persons owning more than 20% of Franchisee) must comply with the non-competition 
covenants contained in the last effective Franchise Agreement executed by Franchisee (or its affiliated entity) 
and Franchisor. 
 
5.2 Website and Unauthorized Advertising.  
During the term of this Agreement, neither Franchisee nor any of its Principal Equity Owners may establish 
a website or register an Internet domain name using, or otherwise advertise on the Internet or anywhere else, 
the trademark “Iron Valley Real Estate”, or any combination or derivations thereof, or similar marks, or any 
other trademarks of ours, except as Franchisor specifically authorizes in writing. 
 
VI. DEFAULT AND TERMINATION 
 
6.1 General.  
In addition to a termination pursuant to section 2.4 above, this Agreement may be terminated by Franchisor 
if Franchisee (i) fails to substantially comply with any obligation, duty or promise under this Agreement, 
including failure to open a Real Estate Office within the time specified in the Development Schedule, after 
being given a notice of default and reasonable opportunity to cure the default (no more than 90 days), or (ii) 
is in material breach of any Franchise Agreement that Franchisee (or its affiliated entity) entered into with 
Franchisor. During the time that Franchisee is in breach of this Agreement or any Franchise Agreement for 
an additional Real Estate Office, Royalty Share payments will be suspended and forfeited. 
 
6.2 Operation of Opened Real Estate Offices after Termination.  
If Franchisor terminates this Agreement for the reasons described in section 6.1 above, Franchisee (or its 
affiliated entities) will nevertheless be able to maintain ownership and operation of the Real Estate Offices 
which Franchisee has developed so long as Franchisee is not in material breach of the applicable Franchise 
Agreements; however, Franchisee will forfeit (i) any further rights under the Development Schedule and this 
Agreement, and (ii) any rights to receive a Royalty Share. 
 
 
VII. DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
 
7.1 Initial Steps to Resolve a Dispute; Mediation.  
 
(a) Franchisor and Franchisee have entered a long-term franchise relationship which gives rise to 
an obligation, subject to and consistent with the terms of this Agreement, to endeavor to make the relationship 
succeed, considering the overall best interests of the entire System, as contemplated by this Agreement. To 
that end, Franchisee and Franchisor acknowledge that Franchisee and Franchisor need to attempt to resolve 
disagreements or disputes before such disagreements or disputes negatively impact the relationship. Good 
faith communications between Franchisor and Franchisee are important aspects of that obligation. The 
parties hereby pledge and agree that they will first attempt to resolve any dispute, claim or controversy arising 
out of or relating to this Agreement or any alleged breach hereof, including any claim that this Agreement or 
any part hereof is invalid, illegal or otherwise voidable or void (collectively, “Dispute”) by first having 
Franchisor’s executive officers and Franchisee’s Principal Equity Owners meet in person within five business 
days after a party notifies the other party that a Dispute has arisen at Franchisor’s principal executive office 
(without their respective legal counsel) to conduct a good faith discussion and negotiation of the issues with 
a view to arriving at settlement (“Settlement Conference”). If a party refuses to participate in the Settlement 
Conference or mediation within the respective time frames set forth in this section 7.1, the other party may 
immediately commence an arbitration proceeding pursuant to section 7.2 below.   
 
(b) If the parties are unable to settle the Dispute at the Settlement Conference described in section 
7.1 above, within 10 business days after the date this conference took place (or should have taken place), 
