IVRE FA 030725  
                       - 19 - 
 
9.2 Your Business Name.  
 
(a) In connection with your operation of the Franchised Business, you agree that at all times and in all 
advertising, promotions, yard signs, other signs and display materials, on your letterheads, business forms, and at 
the entrance to your Real Estate Office and other authorized business sites, in all of your business dealings related 
thereto and to the general public, you will identify the Franchised Business solely under a trade name containing the 
Mark “Iron Valley Real Estate” and  authorized by us (“Business Name”), together with the words “INDEPENDENTLY 
OWNED AND OPERATED” on your letterhead, contract agreements, invoices, advertising and other written 
materials containing the Marks as we may direct.  
 
(b) You must file and keep current a fictitious business name statement, assumed name certificate or similar 
document with respect to your Business Name in the county or other designated jurisdiction in which your Real 
Estate Office is located and at such other places as may be required by law. Before you commence engaging in the 
Franchised Business under the Marks, you must supply evidence satisfactory to us that you have complied with 
relevant laws regarding the use of fictitious or assumed names.  
 
(c) On expiration or sooner termination of this Agreement, we may, if you do not do so, execute in your name 
and on your behalf, all documents necessary in our judgment to end and cause a discontinuance of the use by you 
of the Marks and Business Name registrations and we are hereby irrevocably appointed and designated as your 
attorney-in-fact to do so. 
 
(d) You further agree that you will not identify yourself as (i) us, (ii) a subsidiary, parent, division, shareholder, 
partner, joint venture, agent or employee of ours or the Owner of the Marks or (iii) any of our other franchisees.  
 
(e) If you are an entity and not an individual proprietor, you cannot use any of the Marks in your legal name. 
 
9.3 Trade Secrets and Proprietary Information. 
 
 
(a) Under this Agreement, we are licensing you access to our Proprietary Information and other confidential 
data and information. You acknowledge that the material and information now and hereafter provided or revealed to 
you pursuant to this Agreement (including, but without limitation, the proprietary real estate management software 
technology and the contents of the Confidential Operations Manual) are confidential trade secrets of IVRE and are 
revealed in confidence, and you expressly agree to keep and respect the confidences so reposed, both during the 
term of this Agreement and thereafter. We expressly reserve all rights with respect to the Marks, confidential trade 
secrets, methods of operation and other proprietary information, except as may be expressly granted to you hereby 
or in the Confidential Operations Manual. We will disclose to you certain trade secrets as reasonably needed for the 
operation by you of your Franchised Business by loaning to you, for the term of this Agreement, the Confidential 
Operations Manual and other written materials containing the trade secrets, through training and assistance provided 
to you hereunder, and by and through the performance of our other obligations under this Agreement.  
 
(b) You acknowledge that we are the sole owner of all Proprietary Information and our trade secrets; that 
such information is being imparted to you only by reason of your special status as a franchisee of the System; and 
that our trade secrets are not generally known to our industry or the public at large and are not known to you except 
by reason of such disclosure. You further acknowledge that you will acquire no interest in the Proprietary Information 
and trade secrets disclosed to you, other than the right to use them in the development and operation of the 
Franchised Business during the term of this Agreement. In addition, you acknowledge that the use or duplication of 
our trade secrets except as expressly permitted by this Agreement constitutes an unfair method of competition and 
that we will suffer irreparable injury thereby.  
 
(c) You agree that you will not do or permit any act or thing to be done in derogation of any of our rights in 
connection with the Marks, either during the term of this Agreement or thereafter, and that you will use these only 
for the uses and in the manner franchised and licensed hereunder and as herein provided. Furthermore, you and 
your employees and agents will not engage in any act or conduct that impairs the goodwill associated with the Marks. 
 
9.4 Modification of Marks and Trade Dress.  
We may add to, substitute or modify any of the Marks or Trade Dress from time to time, by directive in the Confidential 
Operations Manual. You must accept, use, display, or cease using, as may be applicable, the Marks and Trade 
Dress, including but not limited to, any such modified or additional trade names, trademarks, service marks, logo 
