IVRE FA 030725  
                       - 34 - 
16.12 Compliance with U.S. Anti-Terrorism and Other U.S. Federal Laws. 
 
 
(a)  You certify that neither you, nor any Principal Equity Owner, nor any of your employees, nor anyone 
else associated with you is listed in the Annex to Executive Order 13224 (which is available for review at 
http://treasury.gov/offices/enforcement/ofac/sanctions/terrorism.html). You covenant not to hire or have any dealings 
with a person listed in the Annex. You certify that you have no knowledge or information that, if generally known, 
would result in you, the Principal Equity Owners, employees or anyone associated with you being listed in the Annex 
to Executive Order 13224. You and each of the Principal Equity Owners will comply with and assist us as much as 
possible in our efforts to comply with the Anti-Terrorism Laws (as defined below). In connection with such 
compliance, you and each of the Principal Equity Owners certify, represent and warrant that none of your respective 
property or interests is subject to being “blocked” under any of the Anti-Terrorism Laws and that you and the Principal 
Equity Owners are not otherwise in violation of any of the Anti-Terrorism Laws. You are solely responsible for 
ascertaining what actions must be taken by you to comply with all such Anti-Terrorism Laws. You specifically 
acknowledge and agree that your indemnification responsibilities as provided in this Agreement pertain to your 
obligations under this Section 16.12. Any misrepresentation by you under this Section 16.12 or any violation of the 
Anti-Terrorism Laws by you, any of the Principal Equity Owners, or employees will constitute grounds for immediate 
termination of this Agreement and any other agreement you executed with us or one of our Affiliates. “Anti-Terrorism 
Laws” means Executive Order 13224 issued by the President of the United States, the Terrorism Sanctions 
Regulations (Title 31, Part 595 of the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations), the Foreign Terrorist Organizations 
Sanctions Regulations (Title 31, Part 597 of the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations), the Cuban Assets Control 
Regulations (Title 31, Part 515 of the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations), the USA PATRIOT Act, and all other 
present and future federal, state and local laws, ordinances, regulations, policies, lists, and any other requirements 
of any United States governmental authority (including, without limitation, the United States Department of Treasury 
Office of Foreign Assets Control) addressing or in any way relating to terrorist acts and acts of war.  
 
 
(b) Neither you nor any Principal Equity Owner conducts any activity, or has failed to conduct any activity, if 
such action or inaction constitutes a money laundering crime, including any money laundering crime prohibited under 
any applicable Anti-Terror Legislation. 
 
(c) Neither you nor any Principal Equity Owner nor any employee of either is named as a “Specially 
Designated National” or “Blocked Person” as designated by the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign 
Assets Control and published at www.treas.gov/offices/enforcement/ofac/sdn/. You acknowledge that you are not 
directly or indirectly owned or controlled by the government of any country that is subject to a United States embargo, 
nor do you or any Principal Equity Owner act directly or indirectly on behalf of the government of any country that is 
subject to a United States embargo. You agree that you will notify us in writing immediately of the occurrence of any 
event that renders the foregoing representations and warranties of this Section 16.12 incorrect. 
 
[Your Initials: ________] 
 
16.13 Governing Law.  
The Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. §1 et seq.) governs the arbitration of disputes under this Agreement. Otherwise, 
the laws of the state of Pennsylvania govern this Agreement and all related matters, documents and agreements, 
without regard to conflicts of laws. If any provision of this Agreement is impermissible under a governing law, the 
provision will be deemed amended to conform to that law while maintaining to the maximum extent possible the 
original intent of the provision, or if the provision as amended cannot substantially maintain the original intent, then 
the provision will be deemed deleted. 
 
16.14 Entire Agreement.  
 
(a) The parties to this Agreement each acknowledge and warrant to each other that they wish to have all 
terms of this business relationship defined solely in and by this written Agreement and the Confidential Operations 
Manual. Recognizing the costs on all parties which attend uncertainty, the signatories to this Agreement each confirm 
that neither wishes to enter into a business relationship with the other in which any terms or obligations are the 
subject of alleged oral statements or in which oral statements or non-contract writings (which have been or may in 
the future be exchanged between them) serve as the basis for creating rights or obligations different than or 
supplementary to the rights and obligations set forth herein. Accordingly, the signatories each agree and promise 
each other that this Agreement, the Confidential Operations Manual, and the representations made by us in the 
IVRE Franchise Disclosure Document (“FDD”) provided to you, supersede and cancel any prior or contemporaneous 
discussions or writings (whether described as representations, inducements, promises, agreements, understandings 
