 
 
N O T E S  T O  F I N A N C I A L  S T A T E M E N T S  
December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
The summary of significant accounting policies of Iron Valley Real Estate, LLC (the Company) is 
presented to assist in the understanding of the Company’s financial statements.  The financial 
statements and notes are representations of the Company’s management, who is responsible for 
their integrity and objectivity. 
History and organization – Iron Valley Real Estate, LLC was organized in Pennsylvania on May 21, 
2018 and maintains its corporate office in Hershey, Pennsylvania.  The Company was organized for 
the purpose of selling Iron Valley real estate franchises and related business purposes.   
Iron Valley Real Estate, LLC (IVREL) is engaged in the administration, development, operation, and 
licensing of businesses that operate offices offering the sale of IVREL services and related business. 
As of December 31, 2023, there were 42 operating locations franchised by IVREL. 
Franchise operations are regulated by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and various state laws 
regulating the offer and sale of franchises.  The FTC’s franchise rule and various state laws require 
that the Company furnish a franchise disclosure document (“FDD”) containing certain information to 
prospective franchisees.  The Company must also complete franchise registration, pursuant to state 
law, in those states where franchises are planned to be sold.  The Company is currently going through 
the registration process. 
Basis of accounting – The accompanying financial statements have been prepared using the 
accrual method of accounting in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the 
United States of America (GAAP). 
Cash and cash equivalents – For purposes of reporting cash flows, cash includes amounts on hand 
and amounts on deposit at financial institutions. The Company defines cash equivalents as short-
term, liquid investments with initial maturity of three months or less.  Renewals are generally 
renewed at the same term.  The Company had no cash equivalents as of December 31, 2023 and 
2022. 
Use of estimates – Management uses estimates and assumptions in preparing these financial 
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of 
America.  Those estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and 
the reported revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  Actual results could vary from the 
estimates that were used. 
Reclassification – Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior year’s comparative 
information to conform to the presentation of the current year financial statements.  The 
reclassification have no effect on net income for the prior year. 
Page 7 
