 
 
N O T E S  T O  F I N A N C I A L  S T A T E M E N T S  
December 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
Income taxes – The Company has elected to be taxed under the provisions of Subchapter S of the 
Internal Revenue Code. Under federal and most state laws, taxes based on income of S corporations 
are payable by the Company’s stockholders to the extent the stockholders are subject to income tax.  
Accordingly, no provision for current federal income taxes has been provided in the accompanying 
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024.  Some states may impose certain 
franchise taxes; if imposed such provision for state income taxes was included in the operating 
expenses in the accompanying statement of income. 
The federal income tax returns of the Company are subject to examination by the IRS, generally for 
a period of three years from the date filed. 
In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, the Company accounts for 
uncertainty in income taxes by recognizing tax positions in the financial statements when it is 
more-likely-than-not the position will be sustained upon examination by the tax authorities. 
As of December 31, 2024, the Company had no uncertain tax positions that qualify for either 
recognition or disclosure in the financial statements.  The Company recognizes interest accrued related 
to unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense and penalties in operating expenses.  During the 
years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, no interest or penalties were incurred. 
Leases  
In February 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), which among other things, requires 
the recognition of right-of-use lease assets and liabilities on the balance sheet of lessees for operating 
leases, along with the disclosure of key information about leasing arrangements.  A lessee is required 
to record lease assets and lease liabilities for all leases with a term of greater than 12 months.  Leases 
with a term of 12 months or less will be accounted for in a manner similar to existing guidance for 
operating leases (Topic 840). The ASU is effective for fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2021. 
 
The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception of the arrangement to lease office 
space under operating leases.  The lease has a term of five years and includes options to extend the 
lease for additional two five-year periods. The lease commitments include a prorated share of common 
area maintenance costs and real estate taxes.  These costs are not included in the measurement of 
lease assets and liabilities. 
 
The lease liabilities are measured at the lease commencement date and determined using the 
present value. In determining the present value of lease payments not yet paid, the Company 
estimates incremental secured borrowing rates corresponding to the maturities of the lease.  The 
Company estimates this rate based on prevailing financial market conditions, comparable company 
and credit analysis, and management judgement. The lease typically contains rent escalations over 
the lease term and lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
 
 
Page 9 
