 
IVRE FDD 030725    
-2- 
The Franchisor’s Business 
 
We act as a franchisor of Iron Valley Real Estate franchises to real estate brokers. We do not 
operate businesses of the type being franchised.  
 
The Business the Franchisee Will Conduct 
 
Our franchise is a license to independently own and operate an office (“Outlet”) providing full-
service residential and commercial real estate brokerage services and related services 
(collectively, “Iron Valley Real Estate Services”) to retail customers strictly in accordance with 
our methods and format (which we can periodically change), using our designated technology, 
strategies and techniques. Your initial Outlet will be your principal real estate brokerage office. 
With our written consent, you may also open (under separate Franchise Agreements) other 
real estate offices as additional Outlets. 
 
If you want to and you are financially and operationally qualified in our judgment to do so, when 
you have opened five franchised Outlets, you and we may sign an Area Development and 
Royalty Share Agreement (“ADRSA”), under which you will be granted the opportunity to 
develop additional Outlets under a mutually agreed timetable and within a “Development Area” 
defined as a specified radius around the first franchise Outlet you opened. The form of ADRSA 
is attached as Exhibit A-2 of this disclosure document. We do not specify any timeframe within 
which you must open your first five franchised Outlets and there is no development agreement 
that applies to the first five franchised Outlets. The form of Franchise Agreement that you sign for 
the next four franchised Outlets and each additional franchised Outlet opened under the ADRSA 
may be in a form that is different from the form of Franchise Agreement in this offering. 
 
General Market for Franchised Products and Services 
 
The general market you will operate the business is buyers and sellers of commercial residential 
property. The market for Iron Valley Real Estate Services is all individuals within a reasonable 
proximity to the Outlet. This type of business is fully developed, does not involve sales primarily 
to a certain group, and is not seasonal, although the real estate market is subject to outside forces 
beyond our control, including the national and worldwide economy.  
 
Industry Specific Laws or Regulations 
 
There may be specific laws and regulations pertaining to operating in the commercial and 
residential real estate industry in your state and you must comply with all applicable laws, 
regulations and licensing requirements. Some states also require franchised real estate 
brokers to identify themselves as franchised real estate brokers when offering their services to 
the public. You should consult with local agencies and your attorney. You must obtain all 
required licenses and permits and ensure that your sales agents, employees, and others 
providing Iron Valley Real Estate Services to customers at or through your Outlet have all 
required licenses and permits. The failure to maintain the proper licensing is a material breach 
of your Franchise Agreement. You will also need a business license, and you must comply with 
federal, state and local laws applicable to the operation of residential real estate brokerage 
businesses, as well as occupational health and safety laws, and the Americans with 
Disabilities Act. 
 
 
