 
IVRE ADRSA 030725  
2  
this Agreement will continue to receive the applicable Royalty Share for 12 months after the date of expiration 
of this Agreement. 
 
1.4 No Subfranchising Rights.  
Neither Franchisee nor any of its affiliated entities has the right under this Agreement to execute 
subfranchised Iron Valley Real Estate franchise agreements with anyone. 
 
II. DEVELOPMENT OBLIGATIONS 
 
2.1 Development Obligations.  
 
(a) Franchisee (or its affiliated entity) must open each additional Real Estate Office not later than the 
date specified in Exhibit 1 applicable to the Real Estate Office, and thereafter continue to operate the Real 
Estate Office or assign it with Franchisor’s consent to another Iron Valley Real Estate Franchisee or to a third 
party, who will execute a new Franchise Agreement for that Real Estate Office. 
 
(b) Any Real Estate Office developed hereunder that is opened and operating and which has been 
assigned to an affiliate of Franchisee, or to another Iron Valley Real Estate Franchisee, or to a third party 
with Franchisor’s consent will continue to be considered as partial satisfaction of Franchisee’s obligations 
under the Development Schedule for so long as the assignee remains in compliance with the terms of the 
Franchise Agreement relating to that Real Estate Office. 
 
(c) To be eligible for Royalty Share payments, the additional Real Estate Office must be operating in 
compliance with the terms of its Iron Valley Real Estate Franchise Agreement and be owned by (i) Franchisee 
(or its affiliated entity) or (ii) an assignee approved by Franchisor.   
 
2.2 Timing of Execution of Leases and Franchise Agreements.  
 
(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, on or before the date that is 90 days 
before the date a Real Estate Office is required to be opened, Franchisee (or its affiliated entity) must execute 
a lease and Franchise Agreement for the Real Estate Office and pay the balance of the Initial Franchise Fee 
under the Franchise Agreement for that Real Estate Office. 
 
(b) Regarding the location, equipping, opening and operation of an additional Real Estate Office that 
Franchisee (or its affiliated entity) is opening under the Development Schedule, Franchisee (or its affiliated 
entity) must comply with the Franchise Agreement that is applicable to that Real Estate Office.  
 
2.3 Force Majeure. 
 
 
(a) The term “Force Majeure” means natural disasters (such as tornadoes, earthquakes, hurricanes, 
floods, fires or other natural catastrophes); strikes, lockouts or other industrial disturbances; war, terrorist 
acts, riot, or other civil disturbance; epidemics; or other similar forces which Franchisee could not by the 
exercise of reasonable diligence have avoided; provided however, that neither an act or failure to act by any 
federal, state, county, municipal and local governmental and quasi-governmental agency, commission or 
authority, nor the performance, non-performance or exercise of rights under any agreement with Franchisee 
by any lender, landlord, or other person will be a Force Majeure, except to the extent that such act, failure to 
act, performance, non-performance or exercise of rights results from an act that is otherwise a Force Majeure.  
For the avoidance of doubt, Franchisee’s financial inability to perform or Franchisee’s insolvency will not be 
a Force Majeure hereunder. 
 
 
(b) Subject to Franchisee’s continuing compliance with section 2.3(c) below, should Franchisee be 
unable to meet Franchisee’s development obligation for a scheduled additional Real Estate Office solely as 
the result of a Force Majeure which results in Franchisee’s inability to construct or operate the Real Estate 
Offices pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, the date on which the scheduled additional Real Estate 
Office is to be opened will be extended by an amount of time equal to the time period during which the Force 
Majeure exists. 
 
 
(c) In the event of the occurrence of a Force Majeure, Franchisee must notify Franchisor in writing 
within 10 business days following commencement of the alleged Force Majeure of the specific nature and 
extent of the Force Majeure, and how it has impacted Franchisee’s performance hereunder. Franchisee must 
