 
IVRE FDD 030725    
-33- 
 
 
Provision  
Section in 
franchise 
agreement 
Section in area 
development 
agreement 
Summary 
u. 
Dispute resolution by 
arbitration or 
mediation 
14.1-14.5  
7.1 
Except for certain claims, the parties agree in the 
Franchise Agreement and the ADRSA to submit 
disputes (not including your failure to pay us sums 
due or an act of yours allowing us to immediately 
terminate the Franchise Agreement) initially to a 
meeting in person of our executive officers and your 
Principal Equity Owners at our principal executive 
office (without our respective legal counsel) within 
five business days after one party requests this 
meeting to conduct a good faith discussion and 
negotiation of the issues with a view to arriving at a 
settlement. If this meeting does not resolve the 
dispute (or the meeting does not occur), within 10 
business days after the meeting takes place (or 
should have taken place), the parties may submit 
the dispute to a mutually acceptable mediator who 
has at least 10 years of experience in franchise law 
or franchise business matters. If a mediation takes 
place but does not resolve the dispute or if no 
mediation occurs, the dispute will be resolved by 
arbitration by and before JAMS, Inc. in accordance 
with (i) its Streamlined Arbitration Rules and 
Procedures (if the amount in controversy is less 
than $250,000) or (ii) its Comprehensive Arbitration 
Rules and Procedures (if the amount in controversy 
than $250,000) or (ii) its Comprehensive Arbitration 
Rules and Procedures (if the amount in controversy 
is $250,000 or more). Or, if the parties agree, the  
u. 
Dispute resolution by 
arbitration or 
mediation  
[continued] 
 
 
dispute may be submitted to arbitration by another 
mutually acceptable arbitrator. We will maintain a 
position of strict neutrality regarding any disputes 
between owners of a franchisee entity, and we will 
not assist any specific owner of a franchisee entity, 
nor will we take a position or issue an opinion on the 
validity of a specific claim by an owner of a 
franchisee entity or the respective liabilities of 
owners of a franchisee entity involved in a dispute. 
(This provision is subject to state law.) 
v. 
Choice of forum 
14.1 - 14.3 
7.1 
Arbitration proceedings will take place in 
Philadelphia County, Pennsylvania. Mediation 
proceedings may take place at any mutually agreed 
location. Any litigation proceedings will take place in 
an appropriate court in Pennsylvania. (This 
provision is subject to state law.) 
w. 
Choice of law 
16.13 
9.1 
The Federal Arbitration Act governs the arbitration of 
disputes under the Franchise Agreement. Otherwise, 
the laws of Pennsylvania govern the Franchise 
Agreement, ADRSA, and all related matters, 
documents and agreements. (This provision is 
subject to state law.) 
ITEM 18: PUBLIC FIGURES 
 
We do not currently pay or provide any other benefit to a public figure for the right to use his or 
her name to promote the sale of Iron Valley Real Estate franchises. 
