 
 
N O T E S  T O  F I N A N C I A L  S T A T E M E N T S  
December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
Leases  
 
In February 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), which among other things, requires 
the recognition of right-of-use lease assets and liabilities on the balance sheet of lessees for operating 
leases, along with the disclosure of key information about leasing arrangements.  A lessee is required 
to record lease assets and lease liabilities for all leases with a term of greater than 12 months.  Leases 
with a term of 12 months or less will be accounted for in a manner similar to existing guidance for 
operating leases (Topic 840). The ASU is effective for fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2021. 
 
The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception of the arrangement to lease office 
space under operating leases.  The lease has a term of five years and includes options to extend the 
lease for additional two five-year periods. The lease commitments include a prorated share of 
common area maintenance costs and real estate taxes.  These costs are not included in the 
measurement of lease assets and liabilities. 
 
Maturities of lease liabilities are as follows as of December 31, 2023: 
 
 
 
Right -of-Use Assets and Lease Liabilities – The Company determines if an arrangement contains 
a lease at inception of a contract.  Right-of-use assets represent the Company’s right to use an 
underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the Company’s obligation to make 
lease payments arising from lease.  Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are recognized at the 
commencement date of the lease based on the present value of the remaining future minimum lease 
payments.  As the interest rate implicit in the Company’s lease is not readily determinable, the 
Company utilizes its incremental borrowing rate, determined by class of underlying asset, to discount 
the lease payments.   
 
 
 
 
Page 9 
