IVRE FA 030725  
                       - 8 - 
CURRENT RENEWAL FRANCHISE AGREEMENT MAY CONTAIN OTHER TERMS THAT ARE 
SUBSTANTIALLY DIFFERENT FROM THOSE IN THIS AGREEMENT. The then-current Renewal Franchise 
Agreement, when executed, will supersede this Agreement.  
 
 
(f) At the time of renewal, you must have satisfied all monetary obligations owed by you to us and to our 
affiliates and all other material obligations under this Agreement, and we may examine your books and records to 
verify compliance with this requirement anytime during normal business hours within 60 days of your renewal date. 
 
 
(g) Before or not later than 90 days after your execution of a Renewal Franchise Agreement for an additional 
term, you must make such physical modifications to your Real Estate Office as are reasonably necessary so that 
they are substantially consistent with the then current IVRE system requirements, and so that they can accommodate 
new IVRE Services, if any. You must also bring your Real Estate Office, and equipment, materials and supplies into 
compliance with the standards then applicable to new IVRE franchises. 
 
 
(h) When you sign the Renewal Franchise Agreement, you must pay IVRE a “Renewal Fee” of $5,000 
(however, if you have fully complied with this Agreement during the term that is expiring, the Renewal Fee will be 
reduced to $2,500). 
 
5.3 Month to Month Extension; Longer Notice of Expiration Required by Law.  
 
 
(a) If the renewal procedures described in Section 5.2 above have not been completed, or in lieu of formal 
renewal of the Franchise, you and we may agree in writing to extend this Agreement on a month-to-month basis until 
we give you at least a 30-day notice that the Franchise rights must be formally renewed in accordance with Section 
5.2, or the Agreement will expire and be terminated. 
 
 
(b) If applicable law requires us to give a longer period of notice to you than herein provided prior to the 
expiration of the initial term or any successor term, we will give such additional required notice. If we do not give 
such required additional notice, this Agreement will remain in effect on a month-to-month basis only until you have 
received such required additional notice. 
 
VI. TRAINING AND ASSISTANCE 
 
6.1 Initial Training. 
 
(a) It is of paramount importance that (i) you, your Office Manager, the Principal Equity Owners, and your 
other key employees and representatives understand the Franchised Business and the System and (ii) your Office 
Manager and at least one Principal Equity Owner have been trained how to operate the Franchised Business. 
Accordingly, we will provide to your Office Manager and at least one Principal Equity Owner initial training and 
orientation in the System and how to operate the Franchised Business (collectively, “Initial Training”). Unless there 
are extenuating circumstances that in our reasonable determination justify a delay, your required trainees must 
attend the next Initial Training that we offer. Your required trainees must complete Initial Training within 180 days 
after you sign this Agreement, and you may not open and operate your Franchised Business until your Office 
Manager and at least one Principal Equity Owner have satisfactorily completed Initial Training. You acknowledge 
and agree that only IVRE will determine whether your Office Manager and Principal Equity Owner satisfactorily 
completed Initial Training. 
 
(b) Immediately upon your successful completion of Initial Training, you will be given access to our 
designated website system to be used in the operation of the Franchised Business (see Section 8.4 of this 
Agreement) and you must sign a letter in a form we provide acknowledging the Opening Date of your Franchised 
Business. 
 
(c) The failure of your designated Office Manager to complete Initial Training to our satisfaction will be 
grounds for termination of this Agreement; that before this Agreement is so terminated, your Office Manager who 
fails to successfully complete Initial Training will be offered the opportunity to either retake Initial Training or you may 
send one replacement Office Manager, approved by us, to the next available Initial Training program. 
 
(d) We will determine the contents and manner of conducting the Initial Training program in our discretion, 
however, the training course will be structured to provide practical training in the implementation and operation of 
the Franchised Business and will include such topics as IVRE procedures, standards, marketing, customer service 
techniques, reports and equipment maintenance.  
