 
IVRE FDD 030725    
-24- 
We will also make available to you (and your real estate agents) a variety of training resources 
including web-based courses such as, New to Business and New to Iron Valley Real Estate. 
Additionally, for a fee, we can provide virtual and in person education for you, your staff, and 
your agents. 
 
Upon reasonable notice, we may require attendance of designated personnel of yours at other 
training courses, seminars, conferences, refresher courses or other programs containing 
information that is relevant or appropriate to the operation of your Outlet (see section 6.2 of the 
Franchise Agreement). We may, at our discretion, charge a fee of $500 to $5,000 for 
unscheduled Iron Valley Real Estate training courses, seminars, conferences, or other 
programs that you request us to provide to you.  
 
ITEM 12: TERRITORY 
 
Each Franchise is granted only for one specific real estate office at a location which we consent 
to, and which is listed in the Franchise Agreement. You will not receive an exclusive territory. You 
may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets we own, or from other channels of 
distribution or competitive brands we control. 
 
You may relocate your Outlet with our written consent, which will not be unreasonably withheld. 
Not less than 90 days before the desired date of relocation (unless prior notice is impractical 
because of a required relocation in which event your notice must be given as soon as possible), 
you must make a written request for consent to relocate, describing the reasons for the 
relocation and providing complete written details respecting any proposed new location. Within 
20 business days after we receive your request, we will either approve or disapprove in writing 
such closure or relocation. If we disapprove of a proposed relocation, you may request an 
alternative proposed new location. 
 
If you execute an ADRSA, you will be granted (so long as the ADRSA is in effect) a non-
exclusive right to open additional Outlets within a development area defined as a radius of your 
initial franchised Outlet under a mutually agreed development schedule. You will not receive 
an exclusive territory under the ADRSA. You may face competition from other franchisees, 
from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution competitive brands that we 
control. The radius around your first franchised Outlet open under the ADRSA is initially 100 
miles. After two additional Outlets are opened under the ADRSA, the development area radius 
is extended to 150 miles around your first franchised Outlet. When the fifth additional Outlet is 
opened under the ADRSA, the development area radius is extended to 200 miles around your 
first franchised Outlet. You or a person affiliated with you must enter into a separate Franchise 
Agreement for each additional Outlet opened under the ADRSA. To maintain your rights to 
receive Royalty Share under the ADRSA, you must open additional Outlets within the 
timeframe provided in the Development Schedule and you must be complying with the terms 
of all Franchise Agreements you have signed with us. Upon expiration of ADRSA, you (and 
your affiliated entities) will no longer have the right to open future Outlets under the 
Development Schedule. However, additional Outlets owned by you or your affiliated entities 
that are open and operating within the Development Area under the ADRSA will continue to 
receive the applicable Royalty Share for 12 months after the date of expiration of the ADRSA. 
 
Except in our sole discretion relating to the county in which you open your initial Outlet, we do 
not grant you options, rights of first refusal or similar rights to open additional franchised real 
estate offices under the Franchise Agreement.  
