 
IVRE FDD 030725    
-13- 
Approval of Alternative Suppliers 
 
We may approve other suppliers of services or products that are used or sold at Iron Valley Real 
Estate Outlets. We approve suppliers after careful review of the quality of the services or services 
and products they provide to us and our franchisees. These standards and specifications are 
provided to potential suppliers when we begin the supplier review process and to franchisees. If 
you would like us to consider a new supplier, you must pay us a non-refundable “Proposed 
Supplier Review Fee” of $250 when you have the supplier provide us with detailed explanations 
regarding its services or samples of its products. If the supplier meets our specifications for quality 
control, we may approve it as an additional supplier by written notification of our approval to the 
supplier and you (the supplier will then be required to execute an Approved Supplier Agreement 
with us). A review of a proposed new supplier typically is completed within 30 days. We will not 
unreasonably withhold consent to a proposed new supplier. If an approved supplier no longer 
meets our standards, we may revoke its status as an approved supplier by written notification to 
the supplier and notification to the system.  
 
Computer and Point of Sale System 
 
You are required to purchase or lease a POS system that we designate in the Confidential 
Operations Manual or otherwise in writing. Currently, we require franchisees to use the 
Accounttech POS system, at a cost of $2.60 per month per agent and $10 per month per 
administrative user (these costs may change in the future). ACH and credit card processing 
fees if used within the software are additional costs. You are also required to use and maintain 
a business computer system (including our designated website system) and all related 
hardware, as we specify in the Confidential Operations Manual or otherwise in writing for use 
in connection with your Outlet (the “Computer System”). Currently, you will also need a 
RingCentral Account (ranging from $73 to $165 per month), an Office 365 Account 
(approximately $240 per year). If these requirements change, we will give you at least 90 days 
advance notice. 
 
Revenue from Franchisee Purchases 
 
In 2024, we received rebates of $3,857.45 from Markful, revenue shares of $65.50 from Unique 
and revenue shares of $8,352.97 from Travel Champs. Otherwise, neither we nor any of our 
affiliates derived revenue, rebates or other material consideration from required purchases or 
leases by Iron Valley Real Estate franchisees, although we may do so in the future. 
 
The estimated proportion of required purchases and leases from us, our designee or suppliers 
approved by us or under our specifications to all purchases and leases by you will range from 
10% to 12% of your total initial investment to establish your franchised business and will range 
from 0% to 5% of your total monthly expenses to operate your franchised business. 
 
Cooperatives 
 
We are not presently involved in any purchasing or distribution cooperatives. 
 
Negotiated Purchase Arrangements  
 
We may negotiate purchase agreements with some suppliers (primarily involving marketing 
materials) for the benefit of Iron Valley Real Estate franchisees.  
