 
IVRE FDD 030725    
-3- 
Competition 
All Iron Valley Real Estate franchises will compete with other commercial and residential real 
estate organizations that offer services comparable to the Iron Valley Real Estate Services as 
well as recruiting top-producing sales agents, including franchised operations, national chains, 
independent real estate brokers and agents and independently owned real estate companies 
offering real estate services to residential and commercial customers.  Competitors include but 
are not limited to, Realty One Group, United Real Estate and Equity Real Estate. A very important 
if not critical component of your ability to meet your competition will be your ability to recruit 
and retain sales agents. 
 
Prior Experience of Franchisor, Predecessors and Affiliates 
 
We began offering franchises in September 2018. We have never offered franchises in other 
lines of business. We do not operate businesses of the type being franchised and do not engage 
in other business activities. However, affiliated entities operate company owned real estate 
offices under the Brand.  
 
The Iron Valley Real Estate concept was originated by our affiliated entity Annville Group, LLC  
in Pennsylvania in 2013, to provide a modern, technology driven real estate brokerage that 
also gave real estate agents an alternative to high fee offices and eliminated expenses and 
operating restrictions found with large, franchised firms. Since opening the first office in 
Lebanon, Pennsylvania in 2013, as of December 31, 2024, Iron Valley Real Estate has 
expanded to a total of eight company owned real estate offices and 44 franchised Outlets that 
operate businesses of the type being franchised to you. The addresses of these real estate 
offices are listed in Exhibit C to this disclosure document. Depending on the location of your 
Outlet, one or more of these offices may compete with you for real estate listings and 
customers.  
 
We have not and will not be offering franchises providing the type of business you will operate or 
in any other line of business. 
 
ITEM 2: BUSINESS EXPERIENCE 
 
Robert Cleapor: Chief Executive Officer and Partner  
As a founding partner, Mr. Cleapor was named our Chief Executive Officer in September 2024. 
From October 2018 to September 2024, he served as our Chief Operating Officer. He also is 
a Partner of Iron Valley Real Estate of Central Pennsylvania, Linglestown, Pennsylvania (since 
August 2017) and a Partner of Iron Valley Real Estate Charm City (since October 2024). 
 
Lisa Loser: Chief Operating Officer and Partner  
Ms. Loser was named Chief Operating Officer in September 2024. From November 2020 to 
September 2024, she served as our Director of Human Resources and Compliance. Ms. Loser 
became a minority Partner of our entity in January 2021. She is also a Partner of Iron Valley 
Real Estate Charm City (since October 2024) and she serves as a Realtor for Iron Valley Real 
Estate of Central Pennsylvania, Hershey, Pennsylvania (since March 2019).  
 
Corey Kaplan: Chief Agent Engagement Officer and Partner   
As a founding Partner, Mr. Kaplan was named our Chief Agent Engagement Officer in 
September 2024. From October 2018 to September 2024, he served as our Chief Sales Officer 
