 
IVRE FDD 030725    
-25- 
We do not currently, nor do we have any plans in the future to, operate or franchise businesses 
under a trademark different from the Brand that will sell goods or services like those you will 
offer. However, we reserve the right to develop other systems involving similar or dissimilar 
services or goods, under dissimilar service marks, trademarks and trade names belonging to 
us, without necessarily granting you any rights in those systems. We have the absolute right 
to develop residential real estate brokerage business concepts under other brand names even 
if the locations for the concept are adjacent to your Outlet, and market, distribute and sell, 
on a wholesale or retail basis, ancillary real estate services (such as mortgage, title 
insurance and escrow) under the Brand, by direct sale, the Internet, mail order, infomercials, 
telemarketing or by any other marketing method or other channels of distribution. We are not 
required to pay you compensation for soliciting or accepting customers of ancillary real estate 
services, but we may pay you referral fees for customers of such services that you refer to us. 
 
You are not restricted from soliciting or accepting orders outside of your Outlet, but you may 
not sell any of Iron Valley Real Estate Services on a wholesale basis, at any location other 
than your Outlet, or through the Internet, catalog, mail order, telemarketing, or any other non-
retail method of sales or distribution. 
 
We will publish or approve all website content containing our trademarks, and we will provide 
you with a presence on our master website. We will maintain the “Uniform Resource Locator” 
(or “URL”), but we will permit you to own an Internet domain name that contains our trademark 
and establish your own personal websites for the purpose of advertising your Outlet or our 
principal trademarks, but only in accordance with our guidelines and procedures contained in our 
Confidential Operations Manual or otherwise given to you in writing. 
 
We may establish company-owned retail outlets selling Iron Valley Real Estate Services near 
but never adjacent to any of your Outlet. Although we have no current plans to do so, we 
reserve the right to offer and sell other types of franchises that are not directly competitive with 
the Iron Valley Real Estate franchise.  
 
Within six months after the Opening Date, you must have at least 10 real estate sales agents 
associated with your Outlet.  At the first Anniversary Date of the effective date of your Franchise 
Agreement (when we sign this Agreement), you must have at least 20 real estate sales agents 
associated with your Outlet, and at the second Anniversary Date, you must have at least 30 
real estate sales agents associated with your Outlet. Thereafter, and for the remainder of the 
term, you must maintain at least 24 real estate sales agents associated with your Outlet. The 
first time you fail to meet this requirement, you will be given a warning, and you will have to 
participate in our performance improvement program. On the second time you fail to meet this 
requirement, we may terminate your Franchise Agreement upon a notice of default with an 
opportunity for you to cure the default by achieving the required level of agents within 30 days 
after the notice. 
 
ITEM 13: TRADEMARKS 
 
You are licensed to operate and identify the Outlet under the principal trademark “Iron Valley 
Real Estate” and “IVRE” displayed on the cover of this disclosure document, and other current 
or future trademarks. On January 19, 2021, Kaydence registered the principal trademark “Iron 
Valley Real Estate” (in stylized font with a color design) on the Principal Register of the United 
States Patent and Trademark Office (“USPTO”), in class 35 (franchising) and in class 36 (real 
estate brokerage and agency services), registration number 6,250,702. Also, on January 19, 
