IVRE FA 030725  
                       - 18 - 
outside the scope of the Franchised Business. You may only use the Marks on the Internet or other electronic media 
in the manner and as specifically authorized by us in the Confidential Operations Manual or otherwise in writing. You 
agree to be responsible for and supervise all your real estate agents, employees, contractors and other agents in 
order to insure the proper use of the Marks in compliance with this Agreement. At the end of the term of this 
Agreement, all information contained in IVRE’s proprietary real estate agent tracking and enrollment system will be 
delivered to you within 10 business days after your written request. 
 
 
(b) You acknowledge that the Marks have been licensed to us by the Owner of the Marks to use in the 
franchised System. You acknowledge and agree your use of the Marks is a temporary authorized use under this 
Agreement and that the Owner of the Marks retains all ownership interests in the Marks and that the Owner of the 
Marks, IVRE and the Owner of the Marks retain all ownership of the goodwill generated by the Marks. You 
acknowledge that the use of the Marks outside the scope of the terms of this Agreement without our written consent 
is an infringement of the Owner of the Marks’ and our exclusive rights, titles and interest in and to the Marks. You 
agree that as between you and us, all rights to use the Marks within the franchised System are our exclusive property. 
You now assert no claim and will hereafter assert no claim to any goodwill, reputation or ownership thereof because 
of your franchised use thereof or otherwise. It is expressly understood and agreed that ownership and title of the 
Trade Dress, Confidential Operations Manual and our other manuals, bulletins, instruction sheets, forms, methods 
of operation and goodwill are and, as between you and us, remain vested solely in us, and the use thereof is only 
co-extensive with the term of this Agreement.  
 
 
(c) You agree that during the term of the Franchise, and after the repurchase, expiration or termination of 
the Franchise, you will not, directly or indirectly, commit an act of infringement or contest or aid others in contesting 
the validity, distinctiveness, secondary meaning, ownership or enforceability of the Marks or take any other action in 
derogation of the Marks, and that no monetary amount will be assigned as attributable to any goodwill associated 
with your use of the System or the Marks. 
 
 
(d) You hereby grant us the right at any time to use the name, image and likeness of you and all Principal 
Equity Owners for commercial purposes in connection with the marketing and promotion of the Marks, IVRE 
Services, any Iron Valley Real Estate real estate office, and the System, without compensation. You also agree (i) 
to have any affected employee of yours who is not a Principal Equity Owner sign a release in the form contained in 
the Confidential Operations Manual authorizing us to also use the employee’s name, image and likeness for the 
purposes described in this Section 9.1(d), without compensation, and (ii) to provide us with a copy of such signed 
release. The terms of this Section 9.1(d) survive termination or expiration of this Agreement. 
 
[Your Initials: ________] 
 
 
(e) You acknowledge that we prescribe uniform standards respecting the nature and quality of IVRE 
Services provided by you in connection with which the Marks are used. Nothing herein gives you any right, title or 
interest in or to any of the Marks, except a mere privilege and license during the term hereof to display and use the 
same and you agree that your use of the Marks under this Agreement inures solely to our benefit and the benefit of 
the Owner of the Marks. 
 
 
(f) You agree that all materials associated with IVRE, IVRE Services or other services, artwork, graphics, 
layouts, slogans, names, titles, text or similar materials incorporating, or being used in connection with, the Marks 
which may be created by you, your employees, agents and subcontractors and any other party with whom you may 
contract to have such materials produced pursuant to this Agreement will become the sole property of the Owner of 
the Marks, including copyright and trademark rights. In furtherance thereof, you hereby and irrevocably assign to us 
all such materials, artwork, graphics, layouts, slogans, names, titles, text, or similar materials, whether presently or 
hereafter existing. Furthermore, you agree on behalf of yourself, your employees, your agents, your subcontractors, 
and any other party with whom you may contract to have such materials produced, to promptly execute all 
appropriate documents in this regard.  
 
 
(g) If necessary, you agree to join with us and share the expenses in any application to enter you as a 
registered or permitted user, or the like, of the Marks with any appropriate governmental agency or entity. Upon 
termination of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever, we may immediately apply to cancel your status as a 
registered or permitted user and you hereby consent to the cancellation and agree to join in any cancellation petition. 
You will bear the expense of any cancellation petition. 
 
