IVRE FA 030725  
                       - 12 - 
meet this requirement, you will be given a warning, and you will have to participate in our performance improvement 
program. The second time you fail to meet this requirement, IVRE may terminate your Franchise Agreement upon 
a notice of default with an opportunity for you to cure the default by achieving the required level of agents within 30 
days after the notice. 
 
 
(h) You must promptly satisfy as and when due any bona fide indebtedness that you incur in operating your 
Franchised Business. Contractors, subcontractors, vendors and suppliers providing services to the Franchised 
Business must be paid in accordance with the terms of their agreements with you. 
 
 
(i) You must notify us in writing within 10 days after you receive actual notice of the commencement of any 
investigation, action, suit, or other proceeding, or the issuance of any order, writ, injunction, award, or other decree 
of any court, agency, or other governmental authority that pertains to the Franchised Business or that may adversely 
affect your operations in the Real Estate Office, or your ability to meet your obligations hereunder.  
 
 
(j) Upon the occurrence of any event at the Real Estate Office that caused or may cause harm or injury to 
customers or employees, or that may damage the System, Marks, or image or reputation of the Franchised Business 
or us or our affiliates, you must immediately inform our designated contact person as instructed in the Confidential 
Operations Manual by telephone, e-mail, text or other electronic messaging medium authorized by us for this 
purpose. You must cooperate fully with us with respect to our response to an incident described in this Section 8.1(i). 
 
 
(k) If there is any bona fide dispute as to any liability for taxes assessed or other indebtedness, you may 
contest the validity of the amount of the tax or indebtedness in accordance with procedures of the taxing authority or 
applicable law. However, you may not permit a tax sale or seizure by levy or similar writ or warrant, or attachment 
by a creditor to occur against the premises of the Real Estate Office. 
 
 
(l) You and each Principal Equity Owner jointly and severally covenant that you will refrain from making any 
derogatory or disparaging statements to any other person or third parties or regulatory authorities, or through any 
publication (including Internet sites and social media), to malign the IVRE franchise system, IVRE, or any of IVRE’s 
officers, Directors, managers or employees. You and each Principal Equity Owner further jointly and severally agree 
that you will not issue any public statement or otherwise cause to be disclosed any information that is designed, 
intended or might reasonably be anticipated to have a negative effect on the IVRE franchise system, IVRE, or any 
of IVRE’s officers, Directors, managers or employees. Any violation of this Section 8.1(l) by you or any Principal 
Equity Owner will be a material breach of this Agreement.  
 
 
(m) You may not engage in any co-branding at your Real Estate Office or in connection with the Franchised 
Business except with our prior written consent. We are not required to approve any co-branding chain or 
arrangement except in our discretion, and only if we recognize that co-branding chain as an approved co-brand for 
operation within the System. “Co-branding” includes the operation of an independent business, product line or 
operating system owned or licensed by another entity (not us) that is featured or incorporated within or adjacent to 
your Real Estate Office and operated in a manner that is likely to cause the public to perceive it to be related to the 
Real Estate Office licensed and franchised to you hereunder. 
 
 
(n) You agree to diligently consider customer reviews and respond to customer indications of dissatisfaction 
with services rendered by you, your employees and agents, in a diligent and professional manner and you agree to 
cooperate with our representatives or the Owner of the Marks in any investigation undertaken by us of complaints 
respecting your activities. 
 
8.2 Confidential Operations Manual. 
 
 
(a) We will provide you with online access to our Confidential Operations Manual, and you must operate the 
Franchised Business in accordance with the Confidential Operations Manual. Confidential Operations Manual You 
may also be provided with a hard copy of all or portions of the Confidential Operations Manual at Initial Training or 
afterwards. We have the right to modify the Confidential Operations Manual at any time by the addition, deletion or 
other modification of the provisions thereof. All such additions, deletions or modifications are effective on the next 
business day after the digital copy maintained on our website is changed.  
 
 
(b) All additions, deletions or modifications to the Confidential Operations Manual are equally applicable to 
all similarly situated IVRE franchisees. As modified by us from time to time, the Confidential Operations Manual will 
be deemed to be an integral part of this Agreement and references to the Confidential Operations Manual made in 
this Agreement, or in any amendments or exhibits hereto, are deemed to mean the Confidential Operations Manual. 
