IVRE FA 030725  
                       - 6 - 
(d) We require that you spend at least an additional $125 per month on local marketing, advertising, and 
promotion of your Real Estate Office, using marketing and promotional materials pre-approved or otherwise 
authorized in writing by us (“Local Advertising”). You must send us a Local Advertising expenditure report on the 
third business day of the next calendar month. 
 
 
(e) On a regional or system-wide basis, we may impose an additional assessment upon affected franchisees 
for special designated advertising or promotional activities if two-thirds of applicable IVRE franchised Real Estate 
Offices agree to such additional assessment by affirmative vote. 
 
 
(f) With respect to regional or system-wide advertising, including without limitation advertising using 
Marketing and Promotion Fee contributions, we determine the cost, form of media, content, format, production, timing 
(including regional or local concentration and seasonal exposure), location and all other matters relating to 
advertising, public relations and promotional campaigns. 
 
4.4 Electronic Funds Transfer.  
We require payment of all fees payable under this Article IV by EFT through the Automated Clearing House (“ACH”) 
electronic network for financial transactions (or such other automatic payment mechanism that IVRE may designate) 
directly from your account into our operating account. You must execute or re-execute and deliver to us bank-
required pre-authorized check forms and other instruments or drafts to enable us to draw directly from your bank 
account fees payable under the terms of this Agreement. We may also require you to open and maintain a single 
bank account for such payments (with overdraft protection from your operating account) and to keep such minimum 
balance in such account as we may reasonably specify from time to time. You must not alter or close such account 
except upon our prior written approval. Any failure of yours to implement such EFT system in strict accordance with 
our instructions will constitute a material default of this Agreement. 
 
4.5 Fees Fully Earned (No Setoff on Payments). 
All payments made by you to us pursuant to this Article IV are fully earned and non-refundable when paid.  All 
payments to be made by you to us will made be without setoff, deduction, defense, counterclaim or claim in 
recoupment. 
 
4.6 Late Fee; Interest on Delinquent Payments.  
 
 
(a) Any payment of a fee due under this Article IV and any other fee required under this Agreement that is 
not received by IVRE when due will be a material breach of this Agreement and will be subject to a late charge of 
5% of the amount past due.  
 
 
(b) In addition to late payment penalties, all delinquent amounts will bear interest from the date payment 
was due at an annual percentage rate (“APR”) of 18% (unless interest rates on delinquent payments in the state in 
which your Real Estate Office is located are limited by law to a lower APR, in which case that lower APR will apply), 
and you must reimburse IVRE immediately upon demand for all reasonable costs of collection relating to delinquent 
amounts. 
 
4.7 No Accord or Satisfaction.  
If you pay, or we otherwise receive, a lesser amount than the full amount provided for under this Agreement for any 
payment due hereunder, such payment or receipt will be applied against the earliest amount due us. We may accept 
any check or payment in any amount without prejudice to our right to recover the balance of the amount due or to 
pursue any other right or remedy. No endorsement or statement on any check or payment or in any letter 
accompanying any check or payment or elsewhere will constitute or be construed as an accord or satisfaction. 
 
4.8 CPI Adjustments.  
Any fixed dollar amount stated anywhere in this Agreement may be adjusted in Franchisor’s discretion based on 
changes in the CPI since the Effective Date. 
 
V. INITIAL TERM AND RENEWAL TERMS 
 
5.1 Initial Term.  
The initial term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and expires on the fifth anniversary of the 
Effective Date (five-year term), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement. 
 
