 
IVRE FDD 030725    
-16- 
Length of Time to Open the Franchised Business 
 
We estimate the typical length of time between the signing of the Franchise Agreement (when 
you make your first payment to us for the franchise) and the opening of your Outlet (which usually 
takes place immediately after you complete Initial Training) will be 90 days. Factors that may affect 
this length of time include the satisfactory completion of initial training by your designated 
attendees, location of an acceptable site, ability to obtain an appropriate lease, financing 
arrangements, compliance with zoning and local ordinances, weather conditions, shortages, and 
delivery and installation of equipment and signs. Immediately upon your successful completion 
of Initial Training, you will be given access to our designated computer software to be used in 
the operation of the Franchised Business (see section 8.4 of the Franchise Agreement) and 
you must sign a letter in a form we provide acknowledging the Opening Date of your Franchised 
Business. If you have not located a site for your Outlet that we consent to within 90 days after you 
sign the Franchise Agreement, we may cancel your Franchise Agreement because you failed to 
find an acceptable site; and if we do so, we will refund your Initial Franchise Fee after deducting 
costs that we incurred in processing the franchise or the Franchise Agreement. If we consent to 
the site for your Outlet but you do not successfully complete Initial Training and begin operating 
your Franchised Business within 180 days after you sign the Franchise Agreement, we can 
terminate the Franchise Agreement without any liability to us. (See section 7.2(a) of the 
Franchise Agreement.)   
 
Post-Opening Assistance  
During the operation of the franchised business, we: 
 
(1) Will be reasonably available by phone and e-mail for guidance in the operation and 
management of your Outlet. Other than providing you general guidelines for tax and federal 
employment compliance in our Confidential Operations Manual, we do not provide you with 
assistance in contracting with real estate agents or hiring, supervising or discharging employees, 
nor do we provide any advice on employment law or regulations, except to strongly recommend 
you engage the services of an attorney competent to advise you on employment law matters 
in your state. (See section 6.2(c) of the Franchise Agreement.) 
 
(2) Will provide you with scheduled training and assistance programs and may visit you 
periodically at no cost to you to provide additional sales and administrative review and assistance, 
including assistance with establishing and using administrative, bookkeeping and accounting 
procedures. There is no separate fee for scheduled training and assistance. However, if you 
request unscheduled training or assistance and we agree to provide it, you must reimburse us 
for the cost of our representative’s transportation and lodging. We may also, at our discretion, 
charge a fee for unscheduled training or assistance of up to $750 per day. The nature, 
frequency and duration of this assistance by our representatives will be in our sole discretion. 
(See section 6.2(d) of the Franchise Agreement.) 
 
(3) In connection with your ongoing obligation to maintain the Outlet in accordance with our 
standards, will notify you if the general state of repair, appearance or cleanliness of your Outlet 
or its signs do not meet our standards, and specify the action you must take to correct the 
deficiency (see section 8.5 of the Franchise Agreement). 
 
(4) May conduct regional or system-wide meetings (including broker-manager meetings and a 
system-wide sales conference) in Hershey, Pennsylvania, or other place in the United States. 
