IVRE FA 030725  
                       - 27 - 
13.4 Description of Default.  
The description of any default in any notice served by us hereunder upon you in no way precludes us from specifying 
additional or supplemental defaults in any action, arbitration, mediation, hearing or suit relating to this Agreement or 
the termination thereof. 
 
13.5 Statutory Limitations.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article XIII, in the event any valid, applicable law or regulation of a 
competent governmental authority having jurisdiction over this Agreement or the parties hereto limits our rights of 
termination hereunder or requires longer notice periods than those set forth herein, and in the event the parties are 
prohibited by law from agreeing to the shorter periods set forth herein, then this Agreement will be deemed amended 
to conform to the requirements of such laws and regulations, but in such event the provisions of the Agreement thus 
affected will be amended only to the extent necessary to bring it within the requirements of the law or regulation. 
 
13.6 Extended Cure Period.  
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, including, without limitation, Section 13.3(c) hereof, in 
those circumstances under which we have the right to terminate this Agreement, we also have the right, to be 
exercised in our sole discretion, to grant to you in writing only, in lieu of termination of this Agreement, an extended 
period of time to cure the breach which gave rise to our right to terminate, but in no event may such extended cure 
period exceed six months from the last day of the cure period otherwise applicable to such breach. You acknowledge 
that our election to grant an extended cure period to you will not operate as a waiver of any of our rights hereunder. 
 
13.7 Our Right to Cure Your Defaults.  
In addition to all other remedies herein granted, if you default in the performance of any of your obligations or breach 
any term or condition of this Agreement or any related agreement involving third parties, we may, at our election, 
immediately or at any time thereafter, without waiving any claim for breach hereunder and without notice to you, cure 
the default for your account and on your behalf, and all costs or expenses including attorney’s fees incurred by us 
on account thereof are due and payable by you to us on demand. 
 
13.8 Waiver and Delay.  
No waiver by us of any breach or series of breaches or defaults in performance by you and no failure, refusal or 
neglect of ours either to exercise any right, power or option given to us hereunder or to insist upon strict compliance 
with or performance of your obligations under this Agreement or the Confidential Operations Manual, constitutes a 
waiver of the provisions of this Agreement or the Confidential Operations Manual with respect to any subsequent 
breach thereof or a waiver by us of our right at any time thereafter to require exact and strict compliance with the 
provisions thereof. 
 
13.9 Recovery of Lost Revenue.  
If this Agreement is terminated because of your material breach, based on the estimated time it takes for a 
replacement IVRE franchisee to achieve a similar revenue stream and our costs incurred in processing your 
franchise and training your Office Manager and Principal Equity Owner, we are entitled to recover damages equal 
to the aggregate amount of the Royalty (under Section 4.2 above) actually paid by you, or what you were obligated 
to pay, whichever is greater, during the three years prior to the date this Agreement was terminated If the Opening 
Date is less than one year before the termination date, you would pay the greater of (i) $20,000, (ii) 300% of the 
aggregate amount of Royalty actually paid by you, or (iii) what you were obligated to pay under this Agreement 
during the time since the Opening Date. If the Opening Date is between one and two years before the termination 
date, you would pay the greater of 200% of the aggregate amount of Royalty actually paid by you, or what you were 
obligated to pay during the time since the Opening Date. If the Opening Date is between two and three years before 
the termination date, you would pay the greater of 150% of the aggregate amount of Royalty actually paid by you, 
or what you were obligated to pay during the time since the Opening Date. 
 
13.10 Collection Costs.  
We are entitled to reimbursement from you upon our demand of all costs we have incurred (including reasonable 
attorney’s fees and investigator’s fees) to enforce our rights under this Agreement, including actions to collect any 
amounts due and delinquent hereunder. 
 
13.11 Continuance of Business Relations.  
Any continuance of business relations between you and us after termination of this Agreement will not be construed 
as a renewal, extension or continuation of this Agreement. 
 
