IVRE FA 030725  
                       - 11 - 
7.3 Initial Inventory of Marketing and Promotional Materials.  
Within the timeframes that we specify before the Opening Date, you must order from (and if necessary, pre-pay to) 
designated or approved suppliers the marketing and promotional materials and other items specified in the 
Confidential Operations Manual, with delivery scheduled for not later than two business days before the Opening 
Date. You must buy interior and exterior signs, other materials containing the Marks, and apparel containing the 
Marks only from suppliers who comply with IVRE’s Brand standards. 
 
7.4 Marketing and Advertising Boundaries.  
You may not directly promote, advertise or otherwise market your Real Estate Office outside the United States of 
America without our express written consent.  
 
VIII. OPERATION OF FRANCHISED BUSINESS 
 
8.1 Operational Requirements. 
 
 
(a) At all times you must be, or employ, an Office Manager who will devote his or her entire time during 
normal business hours, as defined in the Confidential Operations Manual, to the management, operation and 
development of the Franchised Business. The Office Manager must ensure that you fulfill your obligations to your 
customers in a timely and professional manner and he or she may not engage in any other business requiring his or 
her active participation during normal business hours. 
 
 
(b) In operating your Real Estate Office, you may only use the real estate “Commission Splits” regarding 
your real estate agents (these are (i) 80%/20%, (ii) 90%/10% and (iii) 100%) with corresponding broker fees and 
monthly fees paid by real estate agents as authorized by IVRE. In certain circumstances, we may agree to modify 
in writing the terms of the Commission Splits to account for market area deviations and other concerns designed to 
enhance (in our discretion) the competitiveness of your Real Estate Office. 
 
 
(c) You must only operate the Franchised Business at your Real Estate Office, in strict accordance with the 
procedures set forth in the Confidential Operations Manual or otherwise provided to you by us in writing. Except for 
applicable laws restricting discrimination against customers based on public policy, there are no restrictions on the 
customers to whom you may sell IVRE Services and related products at your Real Estate Office. You may not engage 
in the sale or delivery of IVRE Services outside of your Real Estate Office except as we may authorize in the 
Confidential Operations Manual or otherwise in writing. You must use the standard signs and formats that we 
prescribe in operating the Real Estate Office and conducting the Franchised Business. To protect and maintain the 
integrity, reputation and goodwill of the System and the Marks, we require that you comply with the methodology we 
prescribe in providing IVRE Services to customers. We may (i) recommend prices for IVRE Services and (ii) restrict 
your advertising of prices that are inconsistent with these recommended prices. 
  
 
(d) Your Franchised Business must be open on a full-time basis in accordance with the hours of operation 
as designated in the Confidential Operations Manual. The obligation to remain open will not apply in the event of 
natural or man-made disasters or public emergencies. 
 
 
(e) You may (but are not required to) join your local Board of Realtors. However, you must participate in 
each MLS applicable to the area in which your Real Estate Office is located. You must give IVRE access to your 
MLS listings and related Internet Data Exchange (“IDX”) data and provide IVRE on a quarterly basis a report of your 
MLS and IDX activities. 
 
 
(f) During each calendar year, you must hold (i) at least one community fundraiser, charitable event, or 
community service event (and provide us with a brief description of the event and photos for use by IVRE on our 
website) and (ii) at least two office parties for your real estate agents (and we recommend one in the summer and 
one in the winter). You must also allow other real estate agents within the Iron Valley Real Estate Organization use 
of your Real Estate Office for closings, meeting clients and other short-term general office use. Your Real Estate 
Office must have a lockbox system with key to the Real Estate Office for agent use. The code to the lockbox system 
will be set forth in the Confidential Operations Manual. 
 
 
 
(g) Within six months after the Opening Date, you must have at least 10 real estate sales agents associated 
with your Real Estate Office. At the first Anniversary Date, you must have at least 20 real estate sales agents 
associated with your Real Estate Office, and at the second Anniversary Date, you must have at least 30 real estate 
sales agents associated with your Real Estate Office. Thereafter, and for the remainder of the term, you must 
maintain at least 24 real estate sales agents associated with your Real Estate Office. The first time that you fail to 
