 
IVRE FDD 030725    
-27- 
titles, text, or similar materials, these will become the sole property of the trademark owners, 
including trademark rights. 
 
There are no infringing uses, or superior previous rights known to us, that would materially affect 
your use of the Marks in this state or any other state in which the franchised business is to be 
located. 
 
ITEM 14: PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION 
 
Patents and Copyrights 
 
We do not own rights in, or licenses to, patents or copyrights that are material to the franchise and 
you do not receive the right to use any item covered by a patent or copyright. However, we assert 
a common law copyright on the contents of the Confidential Operations Manual and only you or 
your authorized employees can have access to and use the proprietary information in the 
Confidential Operations Manual.  
 
You must immediately notify us if you become aware of any infringement or inappropriate use 
of the Manual. We will then take whatever action we deem appropriate, and will control any 
litigation, to protect our copyright in the Manual. You will have no power, right or authority to 
settle or compromise any such claim, suit, or demand by a third party or to intervene to stop 
misuse, without our prior written consent. We will defend, compromise, or settle at our 
discretion any claim, suit or demand relating to our copyrights and take steps to stop misuse 
at our cost and expense, using attorneys selected by us, and you agree to cooperate fully in 
such matters. If the infringement or inappropriate use results from your negligence or willful 
action, you must reimburse us all our expenses in protecting our copyright. Otherwise, we will 
indemnify you and hold you harmless from and against all judgments resulting from any claim, 
suit, or demand arising from your authorized and use of the copyrights in accordance with the 
terms of the Franchise Agreement.   
 
The Franchise Agreement provides that if you or your employees, agents and subcontractors 
or any other party who you may contract with create any materials containing or associated 
with the Marks, including artwork, graphics, layouts, slogans, domain names, other names, 
titles, text, or similar materials, these will become the sole property of the trademark owners, 
including copyrights. 
 
We do not currently have any pending patent applications that are material to the franchise. 
Our intellectual property, whether the subject of a patent, copyright or not, also is protected by 
common law principles which limit the use of our confidential proprietary information, except as 
we have licensed it. We will enforce those rights as we determine. 
 
Our Proprietary Rights in Other Confidential Information 
 
You may never reveal any of our confidential proprietary information or trade secrets to another 
person or use it for another person or business. You may not copy any of our confidential 
proprietary information or disclose it to a third party except as we authorize. You must also 
promptly tell us when you learn about unauthorized use of any of our confidential proprietary 
information. We are not obligated to take any action but will respond to your notification of 
unauthorized use as we think appropriate. 
 
