 
 
N O T E S  T O  F I N A N C I A L  S T A T E M E N T S  
December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
NOTE 6 – RETIREMENT PLAN 
The Company established a 401(K) Plan that features ADP test safe harbor contributions. The 
employees may elect to defer amounts according to the maximum allowed under Federal guidelines.  
Total employer matching contributions expensed in the statements of income were $38,423 and 
$67,435 for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
NOTE 7 – FRANCHISE OPERATIONS 
In general, the Company updates and/or revises franchise agreements on annual basis and, as a 
result, the agreements with individual franchisees may vary.  Currently, the franchise agreements 
typically require the franchisee to pay an initial, non-refundable fee of $15,000 and continuing fees 
based upon sales for a single franchised outlet.  If a franchise has entered into a second or additional 
real estate office, the initial franchise fee for the second or additional real estate office is $5,000 for 
each outlet or real estate office in the same county.    
Under the current standard franchise agreement, each franchisee is required to pay 
marketing/advertising fees of $50 and an “Agent website fee” of $16 for each real estate agents 
listed on IVRE master website.  These funds are managed by the Company and are primarily used 
to create advertising content and promotional materials.  The franchise agreement also requires 
franchisees to spend at least $125 per month on local marketing, advertising and promotion of the 
franchised business. 
Franchisees are generally granted the right to operate an outlet or real estate office in a particular 
location, typically providing for a 5-year initial term, with an opportunity to enter into one or more 
renewal franchise agreements subject to certain conditions; such as a renewal fee which maybe up 
to $5,000.  The Company recognizes renewal fees in income on a straight-line basis over the life of 
the franchise agreement when a renewal agreement becomes effective. 
NOTE 8 – LITIGATIONS 
In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to various complaints, legal proceedings, 
claims and litigations.  Defending lawsuits requires significant management attention and financial 
resources and the outcome of any litigation is inherently uncertain.  In the opinion of management 
and the Company’s legal counsel, such matters are currently not expected to have a material impact 
on the Company’s financial statements.  The Company expenses legal fees as incurred. 
 
NOTE 9 – SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
 
Date of management review – The Company has evaluated subsequent events through March 6, 
2024, the date of which the financial statements were available to be issued.  Through that date, 
management has determined that the Company did not have any material recognizable or non-
recognizable subsequent events.  
 
Page 13 
