IVRE FA 030725  
                       - 33 - 
16.3 Your Relationship to Us as Franchisee.  
 
 
(a) It is expressly agreed that the parties intend by this Agreement to establish between you and us the 
relationship of franchisee and franchisor. It is further agreed that you have no authority to create or assume in our 
name or on our behalf, any obligation, express or implied, or to act or purport to act as agent or representative on 
our behalf for any purpose whatsoever. Neither you nor we are the employer, employee, agent, partner, fiduciary or 
co-venturer of or with the other, each being independent. You agree that neither you nor any Principal Equity Owner 
will hold yourself out as our agent, employee, partner or co-venturer, or the Owner of the Marks.  
 
(b) All employees or agents hired or engaged by or working for you will be only the employees or agents of 
yours and will not for any purpose be deemed employees or agents of IVRE or the Owner of the Marks, nor subject 
to our control; and in particular, we will have no authority to exercise control over the hiring or termination of these 
employees, independent contractors, or others who work for you, their compensation, working hours or conditions, 
or their day-to-day activities, except to the extent necessary to protect the Marks. You agree to diligently consider 
customer reviews and respond to customer indications of dissatisfaction with services rendered by you in a diligent 
and professional manner and agree to cooperate with representatives of ours or the Owner of the Marks in any 
investigation undertaken by us of complaints respecting your activities. You agree to (i) file all necessary tax, 
regulatory and payroll concerning your employees, agents and operations, and (ii) indemnify us from any liability 
arising from your employees, independent contractors, or others who work for you. 
 
16.4 No Third-Party Beneficiaries.  
This Agreement is not intended to benefit any other person or entity except the named parties hereto and no other 
person or entity (other than financing sources to whom we may have granted or consented to a collateral 
assignment of this Agreement) will be entitled to any rights under so-called “third party beneficiary rights” or 
otherwise. 
 
16.5 Survival of Covenants.  
The covenants contained in this Agreement that by their terms require performance by the parties after the 
expiration or termination of this Agreement will be enforceable notwithstanding said expiration or other termination 
of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever. 
 
16.6 Successors and Assigns.  
Subject to the restrictions on Assignment by You contained herein, this Agreement is binding upon us and you, and 
inures to the benefit of our respective successors and assigns. 
 
16.7 Joint and Several Liabilities.  
If you consist of more than one person or entity, or a combination thereof, the obligations and liabilities of each such 
person or entity to us are joint and several. 
 
16.8 Titles for Convenience Only.  
Section titles used in this Agreement are for convenience only and do not affect the meaning or construction of any 
of the terms, provisions, covenants or conditions of this Agreement. 
 
16.9 Gender.  
All terms used in any one number or gender will extend to mean and include any other number and gender as the 
facts, context or sense of this Agreement or any Section may require. 
 
16.10 Severability; Partial Invalidity.  
Nothing contained in this Agreement will be construed as requiring the commission of any act contrary to law. 
Whenever there is any conflict between (i) any provisions of this Agreement or the Confidential Operations Manual 
and (ii) any present or future statute, law, ordinance, regulation or judicial decision, contrary to which the parties 
have no legal right under this Agreement, the latter will prevail, but in such event the provision of this Agreement or 
the Confidential Operations Manual thus affected will be curtailed and limited only to the extent necessary to bring it 
within the requirements of the law. If any part, Article, Section, sentence or clause of this Agreement or the 
Confidential Operations Manual is held to be indefinite, invalid or otherwise unenforceable, that specific language 
will be deemed deleted, but the remaining parts thereof will continue in full force and effect. 
 
16.11 Counterparts.  
This Agreement may be executed in multiple copies, each of which will be deemed to be an original, and both of 
which together will be deemed to be one and the same instrument. 
