 
IVRE FDD 030725    
-19- 
we specify) capable of accessing the Internet via a third-party network we designate in the 
Confidential Operations Manual (or otherwise in writing). You must allow us to access your e-
mail account on a daily or other basis at the times and manner determined by us or our 
designated affiliate, with or without notice, and to retrieve transaction information (including 
sales, sales mix, usage and other operations data) that we deem appropriate. At your cost, you 
must give us access to your MLS listings and related IDX data through a subscriber service 
with a third-party vendor we designate. You must always have and maintain adequate anti-
virus software in any computer you use to communicate with us directly or through our master 
website or intranet (see section 8.4(b) of the Franchise Agreement). We estimate that the cost 
to purchase or lease the current POS system and peripheral equipment will range from $2,500 
to $5,000. You are responsible for all ongoing maintenance and repairs and upgrades. If we 
replace the POS system, you will receive a 90-day notice, and the cost will not exceed $5,000. 
We estimate that the annual cost of optional or required maintenance, updating, operating or 
support contracts regarding the POS System will range from $500 to $1,000. 
 
Operations Manual  
 
We will provide you with online access to our Confidential Operations Manual (which, if printed 
would contain a total of 160 pages, excluding the cover and table of contents) and other applicable 
manuals (see section 8.2 of the Franchise Agreement). The Confidential Operations Manual 
contains mandatory and suggested specifications, standards and procedures for operation of your 
Outlet.  
 
We will periodically modify the Confidential Operations Manual and when we do so, you must 
comply with these changes when you have online access to them. This Confidential Operations 
Manual is confidential and remains our property. You must not allow unauthorized access to or 
duplication of the Confidential Operations Manual or any other confidential manuals or proprietary 
materials we provide you, and if you do so, in addition to all other remedies we have, you will be 
deemed to be in violation of the Franchise Agreement and all other agreements you have with us 
(see section 8.2(c) of the Franchise Agreement). 
The following is the Table of Contents of the Confidential Operating Manual as of the date of 
this disclosure document (with the number of applicable pages, if it were printed): 
Topic 
Number 
of Pages 
SECTION 1 - INTRODUCTION 
Purpose 
Confidentiality 
Additional Guidelines 
Modifications to Manual 
History 
2  
SECTION 2 - PRE-OPENING PROCEDURES 
Getting Started 
Licenses, Permits, and Registrations  
Federal Requirements 
State Requirements 
Real Estate Licenses 
Required Labor Posters 
Building Permits 
Office Signage 
Internet Privacy Policy 
Facility Requirements 
30   
