IVRE FA 030725  
                       - 7 - 
5.2 Renewal Terms.  
 
(a) Upon written notice delivered to us not less than 180 days before the end of the existing term hereof, 
you may renew your Franchise for successor five-year terms, commencing on the expiration date of the previous 
term, subject to the provisions of Sections 5.2(b) through 5.2(h) below. 
 
 
(b) At the time of renewal, you must (i) then be solvent (which means that you are able to pay your debts as 
and when promised by you and that you have assets that are greater than your debts), (ii) have not abandoned the 
Franchise, (iii) not be operating the Franchise in a manner that endangers public health or safety or materially harms 
the IVRE brand or reputation, and (iv) not have knowingly submitted false or misleading reports to us during the 
initial term. 
 
(c) Notwithstanding Section 5.2(a) above, we are not obligated to renew your rights granted under this 
Agreement for an additional term if one or more of the following applies or occurs: 
 
 
(i) You give us written notice of your intention not to renew this Agreement at least 180 days before 
the expiration of the initial term or any successor term. 
 
 
(ii) During the 180 days prior to expiration of the Franchise, we permit you to sell your Franchised 
Business to a purchaser meeting our then current requirements for granting new Franchises or (if we are not granting 
a significant number of new Franchises) the then current requirements for granting renewal Franchises.  
 
 
 
(iii) Termination of this Agreement would be permitted pursuant to Sections 13.1 or 13.2 hereof. 
 
 
 
(iv) You and we agree not to renew the Franchise. 
 
 
 
(v) We withdraw from distributing our products or services through Franchises in the geographic 
market served by you, provided that: 
 
 
 
 
(A) Upon expiration of the Franchise, we agree not to seek to enforce any covenant of the 
non-renewed franchisee not to compete with us or our franchisees; and 
 
 
 
 
(B) The failure to renew is not to convert the business conducted by you under this 
Agreement to operation by our employees or agents for our own account. 
 
 
 
(vi) At the time of renewal, you or any Principal Equity Owner has been convicted of a felony or a 
crime involving moral turpitude, consumer fraud or any other offense that is reasonably likely, in our reasonable 
judgment, to have a materially adverse effect on the Marks, the System, or the goodwill associated with the Marks 
or System. 
 
 
 
(vii) We and you fail to agree to changes or additions to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, 
if such changes or additions would result in renewal of this Agreement on substantially the same terms and conditions 
on which we are then customarily granting renewal franchises, or if we are not then granting a significant number of 
renewal Franchises, the terms and conditions on which we are then customarily granting original franchise 
agreements. We may give you written notice of a date which is at least 30 days from the date of such notice, on or 
before which a proposed written agreement of the terms and conditions of the renewal Franchise must be accepted 
in writing by you. Such notice, when given not less than 180 days before the end of the Franchise term, may state 
that in the event of failure of such acceptance by you, the notice will be deemed a notice of intention not to renew at 
the end of the Franchise term. 
 
(d) At the time of renewal, neither you, nor any of your principal officers or partners (if you are a corporation, 
limited liability company or partnership), must have been convicted of a felony or a crime involving moral turpitude, 
consumer fraud or any other offense that is reasonably likely, in our sole and absolute judgment, to have an adverse 
effect on the Marks, the System, or the goodwill associated with the Marks or System. 
 
(e) As a condition to renewing your Franchise rights, not later than 90 days before the end of the term that 
is expiring, you must sign our then-current standard Franchise Agreement modified by addendum to remove 
provisions that only apply to a new franchisee, such as initial franchise fee and initial training requirements (“Renewal 
Franchise Agreement”), which will grant you an additional five year term, as applicable. IN ADDITION TO NOT 
GRANTING ANY ADDITIONAL RIGHTS BEYOND THOSE GRANTED IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE THEN-
