IVRE FA 030725  
                       - 35 - 
or any other term), by any of the parties or by anyone acting on their behalf, with respect to the rights and obligations 
of the parties to this Agreement or the relationship between them. 
 
(b) In accordance with the foregoing Section 16.14(a), the parties to this Agreement agree that this 
Agreement and the Confidential Operations Manual constitute the entire agreement between the parties and contain 
all of the terms, conditions, rights and obligations of the parties with respect to the franchised business contemplated 
by this Agreement and any other aspect of the relationship between the parties. No statement, questionnaire, or 
acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise 
relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud 
in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other 
person acting on behalf of Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of this Agreement and any other 
document executed in connection with the Iron Valley Real Estate franchise.  
 
(c) This Agreement cannot be modified or changed except by written instrument signed by all the parties 
hereto. 
 
XVII. EFFECTIVENESS OF AGREEMENT 
 
This Agreement will become effective only upon the execution hereof by you and by us, and only after you were 
provided an FDD. HOWEVER, THIS AGREEMENT IS NOT BINDING ON US UNLESS AND UNTIL IT HAS BEEN 
ACCEPTED AND SIGNED BY IVRE. 
 
XVIII. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS AND REPRESENTATIONS 
 
18.1 Acknowledgments and Representations.  
 
 
(a) You hereby represent and warrant that the following statements in this Section 18.1 are true and 
accurate. 
 
 
(b) You do not seek to obtain the Franchise for speculative or investment purposes and have no present 
intention to sell or transfer or attempt to sell or transfer the Franchised Business or the Franchise within 12 months 
after the Opening Date. 
 
 
(c) You understand and acknowledge the value to the System of uniform and ethical standards of quality, 
appearance and service described in and required by the Confidential Operations Manual and the necessity of 
operating the Franchised Business under the standards set forth in the Confidential Operations Manual. You 
represent that you have the capabilities, professionally, financially and otherwise, to comply with our standards. 
 
 
(d) If you are an entity, you are duly organized and qualified to do business in the state and any other 
applicable jurisdiction within which the Real Estate Office is located. 
 
 
(e) Your execution of this Agreement will not constitute or violate any other agreement or commitment to 
which you are a party. 
 
 
(f) Any individual executing this Agreement on your behalf is duly authorized to do so and the Agreement 
constitutes a valid and binding obligation of yours and all your Principal Equity Owners. 
 
(g) You and your Principal Equity Owners (i) have carefully read this Agreement and all other related 
documents to be executed by you concurrently or in conjunction with the execution hereof, (ii) have conducted an 
independent investigation of the business contemplated by this Agreement, (iii) have obtained, or had the opportunity 
to obtain, the advice of counsel in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, (iv) understand the 
nature of this Agreement, and (v) intend to comply herewith and be bound hereby.  
 
 
(h) You agree that complete and detailed uniformity among our franchisees under varying conditions may 
be inadvisable, impractical or impossible, and accordingly agree that we, in our sole discretion, may modify or vary 
aspects of the System as to any franchisee or group of franchisees based on, for example, local sales potential, 
demographics, competition, business practices or other conditions. You further agree that we will have no obligation 
to disclose or offer the same or similar variances to you. You are aware that other IVRE franchisees may operate 
under different agreements and, consequently, that our obligations and rights as to those franchisees may differ 
materially in certain circumstances. 
