 
IVRE FDD 030725    
-26- 
2021, Kaydence registered two versions of the word mark “Iron Valley Real Estate” in stylized 
fonts in class 35 (franchising) and in class 36 (real estate brokerage and agency services), in 
three rows (registration number 6,250,706) and in two rows (registration number 6,250,711). 
 
There are presently no effective determinations of the USPTO, the Trademark Trial and Appeal 
Board, or any state trademark administrator or court, nor any pending interference, opposition or 
cancellation proceedings involving our trademarks. There are no agreements currently in effect 
that significantly limit our rights to use or license the use of trademarks listed in this Item in a 
manner material to the franchise. There is no pending material federal or state court litigation 
regarding our use or ownership rights in the trademarks. All required affidavits have been filed by 
the franchisor and by Kaydence. No trademark registrations have been renewed. 
 
All trademarks are owned by our affiliated company Kaydence, which granted us a trademark 
license (the “Trademark License”) and right to use the principal trademark and related 
trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, and symbols (collectively the “Marks”) related 
to Iron Valley Real Estate and to grant licenses to use the Marks to Iron Valley Real Estate 
franchisees. The term of the Trademark License is 25 years, and this term may be renewed at 
our option for additional consecutive periods of 25 years so long as any Franchise Agreement 
granted by us remains in effect. Although the Trademark License contains no grounds for 
termination by Kaydence or by us, if the Trademark License were to be terminated, Iron Valley 
Real Estate franchisees would have the right to continue to use the Marks while operating their 
franchised Outlets under their Franchise Agreements for the existing term of their agreements. 
Except as described above, no agreements limit our rights to use or license the use of the 
Marks. 
 
You must follow our rules when you use the Marks. You cannot use our principal Mark as part of 
a corporate name or with modifying words, designs, or symbols except for those which we license 
to you. You may not use the Marks in connection with the sale of any unauthorized product or 
service, or in any manner that we have not authorized in writing. 
 
We have the right to control any administrative proceedings or litigation involving a Mark that we 
licensed you to use. You must notify us promptly when you learn about an alleged infringement, 
unfair competition, unauthorized third-party use of or challenge to your use of the Marks. We then 
will promptly take the action we think appropriate. We will indemnify you for any action against 
you by a third party based solely on alleged infringement, unfair competition, or similar claims 
about the Marks. We have no obligation to defend or indemnify you if the claim against you relates 
to your use of the Marks in violation of the Franchise Agreement. 
 
If you learn that any third-party whom you believe is not authorized to use our Marks is using them 
or any variant of them, you must promptly notify us. We will determine whether to take any action 
against the third party.  
 
At your cost and expense, you must modify or discontinue the use of a Mark if we modify or 
discontinue it. You have no rights to compensation or otherwise under the Franchise Agreement 
if we require you to modify or discontinue using a trademark. You may not directly or indirectly 
contest our rights to the Marks, trade secrets or business techniques that are part of our business. 
 
The Franchise Agreement provides that if you or your employees, agents and subcontractors 
or any other party who you may contract with create any materials containing or associated 
with the Marks, including artwork, graphics, layouts, slogans, domain names, other names, 
