IVRE FA 030725  
                       - 24 - 
to the close of the transaction. In addition, copies of fully executed paperwork must be delivered to us no less than 
three business days following the close of the transaction. 
 
12.5 Transfers to Affiliated Entities.  
You or a Principal Equity Owner may without our consent, upon 30 days prior written notice to us, Transfer the 
Franchised Business or an equity interest in your franchised entity to an entity that is (i) organized for the purpose of 
operating the Franchised Business and (ii) owned in the same proportionate amount of ownership as prior to such 
Transfer, provided that adequate provision is made for the management of the Franchised Business. No Transfer 
under this Section 12.5 will be subject to our right of first refusal set forth in Section 12.3 hereof or the Transfer Fee 
set forth in Section 12.2(b)(vii) hereof. However, you must comply with Section 12.2(b)(i) through (vi) above, as well 
as provide full disclosure of the terms of said transfer and deliver to us no later than three business days prior to the 
close of the transaction. In addition, copies of fully executed paperwork must be delivered to us no less than three 
business days following the close of the transaction. Also, you acknowledge and agree that any Transfer to an 
affiliate will not relieve you from your obligations under this Agreement, unless we specifically release you in writing 
from such obligations. 
 
12.6 Transfers upon the Death or Incapacity of an Individual Franchisee or Majority Equity Owner.  
 
 (a) Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of your death or legal incapacity, if you are an individual, or 
the death or legal incapacity of an equity owner of yours who holds a majority equity interest (“Majority Equity Owner”) 
if you are a corporation, limited liability company or partnership, the transfer of your or the deceased Majority Equity 
Owner’s interest in this Agreement to his or her spouse, parent or adult children, will not be deemed Assignment by 
You, provided that a responsible management employee or agent of yours that has been satisfactorily trained by us 
will be responsible for the Franchised Business.  
 
(b) In the event of your death (if you are an individual) or the death of a Majority Equity Owner, such person’s 
interest in this Agreement or its equity interest in the franchise entity must Transfer as soon as practicable (but not 
more than 90 days) after the date of death in accordance with such person’s will or, if such person dies without a 
will, in accordance with laws of intestacy governing the distribution of such person’s estate, provided that adequate 
provision is made for the management of the Franchised Business. If we determine (i) there is no imminent sale to 
a qualified successor or (ii) there is no heir or other Principal Equity Owner capable of operating the Franchise, we 
may (but are not obligated to) immediately commence operating the Real Estate Office on your behalf for a period 
of up to 90 days, renewable as necessary for up to one year and we will periodically discuss the status with your 
representatives or your heirs. For such management assistance, you or the successor in interest must pay us a 
reasonable per diem management fee/charge for serving as the interim manager. 
 
(c) No Transfer under this section 12.6 will be subject to (i) our right of first refusal set forth in section 12.3 
hereof or (ii) the Transfer Fee set forth in section 12.2(b)(vii) above, although such refusal right and Transfer Fee will 
be applicable to any subsequent Transfer by your (or a Majority Equity Owner’s) heirs, personal representatives or 
conservators. However, you must comply with Section 12.2(b)(i) through (vi) above, as well as provide full disclosure 
of the terms of said transfer and deliver to us no later than three business days prior to the close of the transaction. 
In addition, copies of fully executed paperwork must be delivered to us no less than three business days following 
the close of the transaction. 
 
12.7 Consent of Franchisor to Transfers  
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement and subject to our right of first refusal provided in Section 12.3 
hereof, you or an Principal Equity Owner may consummate any Transfer of a direct or indirect interest in this 
Agreement, the Franchised Business or the economic benefits derived therefrom, or any equity interest in your 
franchised entity, not permitted by the preceding Sections 12.4, 12.5 and 12.6, only after written notice to us and 
only with our written consent, which will not be unreasonably withheld. We will exercise our good faith business 
judgment in determining whether to give or withhold our consent to a Transfer under this Section 12.7. Such exercise 
of good faith business judgment may include our consideration of certain skills and qualifications of the prospective 
transferee which are of business concern to us, including without limitation, the following: experience in businesses 
similar to the Franchised Business, financial and operational skills and qualifications, economic resources, reputation 
and character of such prospective transferee; the ability of such prospective transferee to fully and faithfully conduct 
the Franchised Business as contemplated by this Agreement; and the effect that the Transfer and the prospective 
transferee will have or may reasonably be expected to have on the reputation or business operations of the 
Franchised Business, the System or us or any of our affiliates. 
 
