 
IVRE FDD 030725    
-11- 
policies) must contain a separate endorsement naming us and any our other affiliated entities identified 
by us in writing, and our respective shareholders, members, managers, directors, officers, employees, 
and agents as additional insureds. The costs of premiums will vary based on location of the Outlet and 
any prior claim history. You must supply us a copy of the applicable insurance policy providing the 
coverage specified above as soon as practicable after the effective date of your Franchise Agreement 
and then proof of continuing insurance on annual basis not later than each anniversary of the effective 
date of your Franchise Agreement. 
 
9. This includes security deposits, utility deposits, business licenses and other prepaid expenses. You 
are required to order from us or designated or approval suppliers, the marketing and promotional 
materials and other items specified in the Operations Manual no later than two business days before 
the Opening Date of the Outlet.  
 
10. Although we do not require minimum funds for you to start your business, there are some expenses 
you will incur when you begin your franchise operations, such as inventory, supplies and employees. It 
is always a good idea to have some cash reserves available to cover initial operating expenses. This 
estimates the additional funds you will need for your first three months of operation. These expenses 
include payroll costs. We relied on the 18 years of business experience of our Founder and his 
experiences in franchise development over the last six years in determining these figures.  
 
11. If you do not open for business, you may receive a refund from suppliers for unused inventory, unspent 
advertising, and canceled insurance. Otherwise, the payments listed in the table above are nonrefundable. 
We do not finance any part of the initial investment. You should review these figures carefully with a 
business advisor before making any decision to purchase the franchise. 
 
AREA DEVELOPMENT AND ROYALTY SHARE AGREEMENT 
Type of 
expenditure 
Amount 
Method of 
payment 
When due 
To whom 
payment is 
to be made 
Territory 
Fee1,2   
$100  
Lump sum 
When you are eligible to do so and you sign the 
ADRSA, you pay us a “Territory Fee” of $100 for the 
right to open additional Outlets pursuant to the 
Development Schedule.  
Us 
TOTAL 
   $100          
 
 
 
 
1. All fees must be paid in full at the time indicated.  
 
2. Each additional Outlet to be opened under the ADRSA will require execution by you (or your affiliated 
entity) and us of a separate Franchise Agreement (using our then current form) for that additional Outlet, 
and you would pay us the initial franchise fee required under that Franchise Agreement. If you fail to 
comply with the Development Schedule, your ADRSA may be terminated and you would lose the right 
to Royalty Share under the ADRSA, but you would still be able to operate your Outlets under their 
individual Franchise Agreements.   
 
ITEM 8: RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
 
Required Purchases 
 
We do not sell or lease any goods, services, supplies or equipment related to establishing 
operating the franchised business. You are encouraged (but not required to) join your local 
Board of Realtors, however, you must join and maintain a membership in each MLS applicable 
to the area in which your Outlet is located. You are solely responsible for paying any fees or 
