 
IVRE FDD 030725    
-28- 
ITEM 15: OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE 
FRANCHISE BUSINESS 
 
We require at least one Principal Equity Owner to actively participate in the direct management 
and operation of your Outlet. Each Principal Equity Owner signs a Guarantee of Franchise 
Agreement (attached as Exhibit 3 of the Franchise Agreement) requiring them to ensure that 
all obligations of the franchisee under the Franchise Agreement (including provisions related 
to payments to franchisor, confidentiality and non-competition) are fulfilled. You must employ 
at each Outlet at least one designated Office Manager as a non-site supervisor (if you are a 
sole proprietor, this will be you, and if you are an entity, this will be a Principal Equity Owner 
(or combination of Principal Equity Owners) owning at least 50% of the franchisee entity) who 
has successfully completed our initial training program.  
 
You must disclose the identity of the Office Manager to us and if he or she is for any reason no 
longer acting as Office Manager, you must notify us immediately and in writing. The Office 
Manager cannot have an interest or be employed or engaged as an independent contractor by 
any of our business competitors. The Office Manager must devote his or her full time during 
normal business hours to the management, operation, and development of the Franchised 
Business. We do not require your Office Manager to have any ownership interest in your 
business, although he or she may do so. If the Office Manager is not a Principal Equity Owner 
(owning at least a 20% equity interest in your franchisee entity), he or she may be required to 
sign a confidentiality and non-competition agreement. After termination, expiration, or 
cancellation of the Franchise Agreement for any reason your Office Manager and other 
Principal Equity Owners, and each of your other managers, directors, officers, general partners 
and affiliates must refrain from any use, direct or indirect, for any purpose, of any of our trade 
secrets or proprietary information, including information regarding the operational, sales, 
promotional and marketing methods and techniques of the Iron Valley Real Estate system, and 
any of our proprietary information. 
 
ITEM 16: RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL 
You are permitted to sell only Iron Valley Real Estate Services and other goods and services that 
we approve.  
We have the right to change and add other authorized goods and services that are reasonable 
and necessary, and you will then be required to offer these new or revised services. We may also 
require you to comply with other requirements, such as training, marketing, or insurance, before 
we will allow you to offer additional goods or services. We have the burden of proving these new 
or revised goods and services are reasonable and necessary. Otherwise. there are no limits on 
our right to do so. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the additional investment required of you for 
other authorized goods and services, which may include signs, equipment, and supplies, will not 
exceed $10,000 per year, unless otherwise agreed to by the parties in writing. 
 
Except for applicable laws restricting discrimination against customers based on public policy, 
there are no restrictions on the customers to whom you may sell Iron Valley Real Estate Services 
and related products at your Outlet. 
 
 
 
 
