 
 
N O T E S  T O  F I N A N C I A L  S T A T E M E N T S  
December 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
Change in Accounting Standard – The Company adopted FASB ASU 2016-13, Financial 
Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, and 
all related subsequent amendments thereto.  This ASU replaced the incurred loss method of measuring 
financial assets with an expected loss method, which is referred to as the current expected credit loss 
(CECL) method.  CECL requires an estimate of credit losses over the life of the financial asset using 
historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts.  For the Company, 
the ASU applies to the measurement of its trade receivables.  Trade receivables are presented by 
using an allowance for credit losses to reduce the receivables balance to the net amount expected to 
be collected over the lives of the receivables.  The Company adopted the new standard using the 
modified retrospective approach.  For the Company, there was no transition adjustment related to the 
adoption of CECL. 
 
Accounts receivable – Accounts receivable owed to the Company consists of royalty fees resulting 
from franchise sales.  Accounts receivable are presented net of an allowance for credit losses.  Interest 
income is recognized when charged.  The allowance for credit losses is estimated based on expected 
losses, aging of accounts receivable, financial condition of customers, forecasted future economic 
conditions, and historical experience.  Receivables are considered impaired and written-off when they 
are determined to be uncollectible. 
Accounts receivable are considered past due when payments are not received within 30 days of the 
due date. 
Accounts receivable at December, 31, 2024 and 2023 are as follows: 
 
 
Property and equipment – Property and equipment is stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation.  
Depreciation is provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related 
assets, which is five to seven years.  Significant additions and betterments are capitalized.  
Expenditures for maintenance, repairs and minor renewal are charged to expenses as incurred. 
Depreciation expense on property and equipment for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 
was $3,414 and $2,842, respectively. 
Inventories – Inventories consist of promotional products and is stated at the lower of cost or market.  
At December 31, 2024 and 2023, inventories totaled $4,455 and $5,982, respectively. 
Advertising and Marketing Costs – Advertising and marketing costs are expensed when incurred.  
Advertising and marketing costs represent the expense for advertising and marketing systems under 
the terms of the franchise agreements.  At December 31, 2024 and 2023, advertising expenses totaled 
$129,866 and $146,547, respectively. 
Page 8 
