 
 
 
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report 
that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute 
assurance and therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with generally 
accepted auditing standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. The risk of 
not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, 
as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of 
internal control. Misstatements are considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that, 
individually or in the aggregate, they would influence the judgment made by a reasonable user based 
on the financial statements. 
In performing an audit in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, we: 
• 
Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. 
• 
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether 
due to fraud or error, and design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks. 
Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and 
disclosures in the financial statements. 
• 
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit 
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing 
an opinion on the effectiveness of Iron Valley Real Estate, LLC’s internal control. Accordingly, 
no such opinion is expressed. 
• 
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant 
accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluate the overall presentation of 
the financial statements. 
• 
Conclude whether, in our judgment, there are conditions or events, considered in the 
aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about Iron Valley Real Estate, LLC’s ability to continue 
as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. 
We are required to communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other 
matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit, significant audit findings, and certain internal 
control related matters that we identified during the audit. 
 
 
 
Fountain Valley, California 
March 6, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 
