CALIFORNIA 
ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR CALIFORNIA FRANCHISEES  
 
1. California Business and Professions Code sections 20000 through 20043 (the “Act”) provide rights 
to you concerning termination, transfer or non-renewal of a franchise. If the Franchise Agreement contains a 
provision that is inconsistent with the Act, the Act will control. 
 
 
 2. The Franchise Agreement provides for termination upon bankruptcy. This provision may not be 
enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C.A. §101 et seq.) 
 
 
 3. The Franchise Agreement contains a covenant not to compete that extends beyond the termination 
of the franchise. This provision may not be enforceable under California Law. 
 
 
 4.  The agreements contain a liquidated damage clause, under Civil Code, Section 1671, certain 
liquidated damage clauses are enforceable.   
 
 
 5. The franchise agreement requires binding arbitration. The arbitration will occur at Philadelphia 
County, Pennsylvania with the costs being borne equally by both parties but reimbursable to the prevailing 
party. Prospective franchisees are encouraged to consult private legal counsel to determine the applicability of 
California and federal laws (such as Business and Professions Code section 20040.5, Code of Civil Procedure 
section 1281, and the Federal Arbitration Act) to any provision of a franchise agreement that restricts venue to 
a forum outside the State of California. 
 
 
 6. The California Franchise Investment Law requires that a copy of all proposed agreements relating 
to the sale of the franchise be delivered together with the disclosure document. 
 
 
 7. Section 31125 of the California Corporations Code requires the franchisor to give you a disclosure 
document, in a form and containing information that the Commissioner of Financial Protection and Innovation 
may by rule or order require, before solicitation of a proposed material modification of an existing franchise.   
 
 
 8.  The Franchise Agreement requires you to execute a general release of claims upon transfer of the 
Franchise Agreement. California Corporations Code section 31512 provides that any condition, stipulation or 
provision purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive compliance with any provision of that 
law or any rule or order is void.  Section 31512 voids a waiver of your rights under the Franchise Investment 
Law (Corporations Code §§31000-31516).  Business and Professions Code section 20010 voids a waiver of 
your rights under the Franchise Relations Act (Business and Professions Code §§20000-20043).   
 
 
9. Our website has not been reviewed or approved by the California Department of Financial 
Protection and Innovation. Any complaints concerning the content of this website may be directed to the 
California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation at www.dfpi.ca.gov. 
 
 
10. Neither the franchisor, nor any person or franchise broker listed in Item 2 of the disclosure 
document is subject to any currently effective order of any national securities association or national securities 
exchange as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C.A. §78A et seq.), suspending or 
expelling these persons from membership in such association or exchange. 
 
 
11. Both the Governing Law and Choice of Law for Franchisees operating outlets located in California, 
will be the California Franchise Investment Law and the California Franchise Relations Act regardless of the 
choice of law or dispute resolution venue stated elsewhere. Any language in the franchise agreement or 
amendment to or any agreement to the contrary is superseded by this condition. 
 
        
12. The registration of this franchise offering by the California Department of Financial Protection and 
Innovation does not constitute approval, recommendation, or endorsement by the commissioner. 
 
 
13. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims 
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
