MARYLAND 
 
APPENDIX TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT  
FOR MARYLAND FRANCHISEES 
 
The Maryland Division of Securities requires the following specific disclosures to be made to 
residents of Maryland and franchises to be operated in this state: 
 
1. Any general release required as a condition of renewal, sale, assignment or transfer shall not 
apply to any liability under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law and Item 17 of 
the disclosure document is amended accordingly.   
 
2. Termination upon bankruptcy of the franchisee may not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy 
law (11 U.S.C Section 101 et seq.)  
 
3. Any limitation on the period of time arbitration and/or litigation claims must be brought will not act 
to reduce the 3-year statute of limitations afforded you to bring a claim arising under the Maryland 
Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law, and Item 17(u) of the disclosure document is amended 
accordingly.  
 
4. This franchise agreement provides that disputes are resolved through arbitration. A Maryland 
franchise regulation states that it is an unfair or deceptive practice to require a franchisee to waive 
its right to file a lawsuit in Maryland claiming a violation of the Maryland Franchise Law. In light of 
the Federal Arbitration Act, there is some dispute as to whether this forum selection requirement is 
legally enforceable, and Item 17(v) of the disclosure document is amended accordingly. 
 
5. Based upon the franchisor’s financial condition, the Maryland Securities Commissioner has 
required a financial assurance. Therefore, all initial fees and payments owed by franchisees shall 
be deferred until the franchisor completes its pre-opening obligations under the franchise 
agreement. Item 5 of the disclosure document is amended accordingly. 
 
6. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving 
any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) 
disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person 
acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document 
executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
 
 
 
