 
 
N O T E S  T O  F I N A N C I A L  S T A T E M E N T S  
December 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
Revenue recognition 
Royalties are calculated based on sale or lease of a property by Real Estate Agents (as listing or selling 
agent) operating at or from Real estate Office a “Royalty” equal to $150 per transaction side.   
In addition, franchisee must pay monthly marketing, advertising and promotion fee up to $250 and 
an Agent Fee of $17 for each of real estate agents listed on the master website over the term of the 
franchise agreement.   The marketing, advertising and promotion fee collected will be expensed (i) for 
supporting national or local advertising, market research, public relations and promotional campaigns 
designed to promote and enhance the value of the brand, less (ii) an administrative fee of 15% of the 
annual aggregate marketing, advertising and promotion fees.  The franchise agreement also requires 
franchisees to spend $125 per month on local marketing, advertising and promotion of the franchised 
business. 
Revenue consists of sales of franchise, franchise royalties and fees, and marketing/advertising fees 
and recognized as follows: 
• 
Franchise fees – The Company collects initial franchise fees when franchise agreements are 
signed.  The Company has determined that the initial franchise services are not distinct from 
the continuing rights or services offered during the term of the franchise agreement and should 
be treated as a single performance obligation; therefore, initial franchise fees received from 
franchisees are recognized as revenue over the term of each respective franchise agreement, 
which is typically 5 years. 
Franchise fees and development fees, portions of which are collected in advance, are 
nonrefundable and are recognized in income ratably over the term of the related franchise 
agreement or recognized upon the termination of the agreement between the Company and 
the franchisee. 
The Company recognizes franchise fee beginning with the opening of the franchise, which is 
when the Company has performed substantially all initial services required by the franchise 
agreement and the franchisee benefits from the rights afforded by the franchise agreement.  
Amounts recognized for franchise fees were $98,199 and $69,500 at December 31, 2024 and 
2023, respectively.   
• 
Royalties – The Company collects royalties from each retail estate office based upon a real 
estate transaction fees up to $150 per transaction side.  The Company recognizes royalties as 
revenue when earned.  Royalties earned at December 31, 2024 and 2023 were $1,225,783 
and $920,618, respectively.   
• 
Deferred finders fee – The Company capitalizes material incremental finders fees paid as a 
result of obtaining franchise agreement contracts.  Capitalized finders fee are amortized over 
the term of the franchise agreement.  Deferred finders fee at December 31, 2024 and 2023 
were $4,100 and $8,200, respectively. 
 
Page 11 
