IVRE FA 030725  
                       - 21 - 
will not during the term of this Agreement operate, manage, own, assist or hold an interest in (direct or indirect as an 
employee, officer, director, shareowner, partner or otherwise), or engage in, any competing real estate brokerage 
business or other business selling or offering services equivalent to IVRE Services or the Franchised Business, 
without our express prior written consent.  
 
(b) It is the intention of both you and IVRE that you maximize the Franchised Business within your Real 
Estate Office, and any action of yours that diverts business to another entity or diminishes the Franchised Business 
being conducted at or through your Real Estate Office will be a material breach of this Agreement. Accordingly, on 
or before the Effective Date, you will provide IVRE with a list of all real estate related activities you and your Principal 
Equity Owners are involved with. You and your Principal Equity Owners hereby acknowledge and agree that none 
of you may, either directly or indirectly, for yourself or themselves, or through, on behalf of, or in conjunction with, 
any person, persons, partnership, corporation or other entity, (i) divert or attempt to divert any business or customer 
of the Franchised Business to any competitor, by direct or indirect inducement or otherwise, or (ii) do or perform, 
directly or indirectly, any other act injurious or prejudicial to the goodwill associated with the Marks or the System.  
 
11.2 Post Term Confidentiality Covenant. 
You agree that after termination, expiration or cancellation of this Agreement for any reason you must refrain from 
any use, direct or indirect, for any purpose, of any of our trade secrets or proprietary information, including, without 
limitation, information regarding the operational, sales, promotional and marketing methods and techniques of the 
System. Following termination or expiration of this Agreement, you must always refrain from any use, direct or 
indirect, of any of our proprietary information. 
 
11.3 General Provisions regarding Non-Competition Covenants. 
 
(a) You acknowledge that the restrictions contained in this Article XI are reasonable and necessary in order 
to protect our legitimate interests, and in the event of violation of any of these restrictions, we are entitled to recover 
damages including, without limitation, Royalty, Marketing and Promotion Fees and other fees that would have been 
payable if such business were included in the Franchised Business, and an equitable accounting of all earnings, 
profits and other benefits arising from such violation, which rights and remedies will be cumulative and in addition to 
any other rights or remedies to which we are entitled at law or in equity. 
 
(b) This Article XI applies to your Office Manager and other Principal Equity Owners, and each of your other 
managers, directors, officers, general partners and affiliates. 
 
 
(c) Each provision of this Article XI is independent of each other provision of this Agreement. If any provision 
of this Article XI is held unreasonable or unenforceable by any court, agency or other tribunal of competent 
jurisdiction, you agree to be bound by (i) the maximum duty permitted by law with respect to that provision, which 
will be deemed restated accordingly, and (ii) all other provisions of this Article XI. 
 
XII. ASSIGNMENT 
 
12.1 Assignment by Us.  
We have the right to Transfer (as defined above) this Agreement, and all of our rights and privileges hereunder to 
any other person, firm or corporation (“Our Assignee”); provided that, in respect to any Transfer (“Assignment by 
Us”) resulting in the subsequent performance by our Assignee of the functions of franchisor hereunder: (i) at the time 
of Assignment by Us, Our Assignee will be financially responsible and economically capable of performing the 
obligations of franchisor hereunder; and (ii) Our Assignee will expressly assume and agree to perform such 
obligations. If there is an Assignment by Us in compliance with the terms set forth in the preceding sentence, we will 
be relieved of all obligations or liabilities after the effective date of the assignment.  
 
12.2 Assignment by You.  
 
 
(a) This Agreement is being executed by us in reliance upon and in consideration of the singular personal 
skills and qualifications of you and your Principal Equity Owners and the trust and confidence we repose in you and 
them. Therefore, neither your interest in this Agreement and the Franchise granted hereunder, nor all or substantially 
all of the assets of the Franchised Business, nor a controlling interest in the Franchised Business,  may be assigned, 
transferred, shared or divided, voluntarily or involuntarily, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise, in any 
manner (collectively, “Assignment by You”), without our prior written consent and, except for any transfer of a non-
controlling interest, subject to the applicable terms of this Section 12.2 and our right of first refusal provided for in 
