IVRE FA 030725  
                       - 20 - 
types and commercial symbols, and must within 30 days of receiving notification, commence to implement such 
changes and use your best efforts to complete such changes as soon as practicable.  
 
9.5 Mark Infringement Claims and Defense of Marks.  
 
(a) If you receive notice or otherwise become aware of any claim, suit or demand against you by any party 
other than us, the Owner of the Marks or any of our affiliates on account of any alleged infringement, unfair 
competition or similar matter arising from your use of the Marks in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, or 
any misuse of the Marks by third parties on the Internet or otherwise, you must promptly notify us of any such claim, 
suit, demand or misuse. You will have no power, right or authority to settle or compromise any such claim, suit or 
demand by a third party or to intervene to stop misuse, without our prior written consent. We will defend, compromise 
or settle at our discretion any such claim, suit or demand and take steps to stop misuse at our cost and expense, 
using attorneys selected by us or the Owner of the Marks, and you agree to cooperate fully in such matters. 
 
(b) We will indemnify you and hold you harmless from and against all judgments resulting from any claim, 
suit or demand arising from your authorized and proper use of the Marks in accordance with the terms of this 
Agreement. We have the sole discretion to determine whether a similar trademark or service mark that is being used 
by a third party is confusingly like the Marks being used by you or constitutes a misuse of the Marks, and whether 
and what subsequent action, if any, should be undertaken with respect to such similar trademark or service mark or 
misuse. 
 
X. MARKETING AND PROMOTION 
 
10.1 Use of Marketing and Promotion Fees.  
 
(a) IVRE will expend, for the purposes of national, regional or local marketing, advertising, cooperative 
advertising, market research, public relations and promotional campaigns designed to promote and enhance the 
value of the Marks and general recognition and acceptance thereof, an amount equal to the aggregate Marketing 
and Promotion Fees stated in Section 4.3 hereof and collected from all its franchisees. None of the Marketing and 
Promotion Fees will be deemed to be held subject to any type of trust arrangement. No interest on unexpended 
Marketing and Promotion Fees will be imputed for your benefit or payable to you. If requested by you in writing not 
later than March 31 of any calendar year, we will provide you not later than May 31 of that year with a statement of 
receipts and expenditures of the aggregate Marketing and Promotion Fees relating to the preceding calendar year, 
certified to be correct by an officer of IVRE. 
 
(b) In our sole discretion and as we deem appropriate, IVRE is obligated to spend the Marketing and 
Promotion Fees collected from you and all other IVRE franchisees on regional, local or national media or other 
marketing techniques or programs designated to promote the retail sale of IVRE Services, the Marks and other 
aspects of the IVRE brand, creative and production costs, and for other purposes deemed appropriate by us to 
enhance and promote the general recognition of IVRE franchises.  
 
 (c) IVRE may also spend Marketing and Promotion Fees collected from you and all other IVRE franchisees 
for IVRE-approved initiatives, which may include branding and marketing studies, initiatives and research; test 
marketing new products or concepts; franchisee compliance with System standards and practices through a “mystery 
buyer” program; the development of marketing strategies, tools, initiatives, and materials; public relations; market 
research; annual conferences (excluding the expenses of our principals and employees to travel to such 
conferences); and occasional selective regional and local advertising. 
 
10.2 Advertising Content and Costs.  
With respect to local, regional or system-wide advertising, we determine the cost, form of media, content, format, 
production, timing (including regional or local concentration and seasonal exposure), location and all other matters 
relating to advertising, public relations and promotional campaigns. 
 
XI. NON-COMPETITION COVENANTS 
 
11.1 Exclusive In-Term Dealing. 
 
 
(a) You acknowledge that you will receive valuable specialized training and access to our trade secrets, 
including, without limitation, information regarding the operational, sales, promotional and marketing methods and 
techniques of the System. In consideration for the use and license of such valuable information, you agree that you 
