 
IVRE FDD 030725    
-5- 
ITEM 4: BANKRUPTCY 
 
No bankruptcy is required to be disclosed in this Item. 
 
ITEM 5: INITIAL FEES 
 
If the Franchise Agreement is for your first Outlet in a county, the “Initial Franchise Fee” is 
$20,000. If the Franchise Agreement is for your second (or additional) Outlet in the same county 
where you have a franchised Outlet, the Initial Franchise Fee for your second (or additional) 
Outlet is $5,000. If the Franchise Agreement is for your second (or additional) Outlet in a county 
where you do not have a franchised Outlet and you signed a Franchise Agreement for your 
first Outlet (i) before March 10, 2022, the Initial Franchise Fee for this second (or additional) 
Outlet is $10,000 or (ii) on or after March 11, 2022 and before March 11, 2025, the Initial 
Franchise Fee for this second (or additional) Outlet is $15,000. 
 
If one or more Principal Equity Owners is an active member of the U.S. Armed Forces or is a 
veteran of the U.S. Armed Forces who was honorably discharged within the past five years, 
we will discount the Initial Franchise Fee by $5,000 and you would pay us $15,000. 
 
The Initial Franchise Fee is due and payable when you sign the Franchise Agreement. The Initial 
Franchise Fee is fully earned by us when paid and is not refundable. If before your successful 
completion of initial training, we decide, in our sole discretion, that you should not operate an 
Iron Valley Real Estate business, we may cancel the Franchise Agreement, without any liability 
to us.  
 
If you sign an ADRSA, you will pay us at that time a non-refundable “Territory Fee” of $100 for 
the right for you or your affiliated entities to open additional Outlets under the ADRSA. Each of 
these additional Outlets will require execution of a separate franchise agreement, and you or 
your affiliated entity would be obligated to pay the initial franchise fee due under the franchise 
agreement for that additional Outlet. Currently, the initial franchise fee varies from $5,000 to 
$20,000, but the initial franchise fee may increase in the future.  
 
There are no other initial fees or payments for services or goods received from us or our affiliates 
before the “Opening Date” (the date you begin operating your Outlet under the Franchise 
Agreement).  
 
ITEM 6: OTHER FEES 
Type of Fee 
Amount1 
Due Date2 
Remarks 
Royalty1 
$1503 per Transaction Side.  
On the 15th day of 
the following 
month  
A “Transaction Side” is defined in the 
Franchise Agreement as the side of a 
real estate transaction represented by 
either a listing agent or a seller’s agent. 
You must also send us a transaction 
report in the form we prescribe. 
Marketing and 
Promotion 
Fees1 
$2503,4  
 
On the 15th day of 
the following 
month 
Marketing and Promotion Fees are paid 
monthly.  
