 
IVRE FDD 030725    
-15- 
ITEM 11: FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS, AND 
TRAINING 
 
Except as listed below, we are not required to provide you with any assistance. 
 
Pre-Opening Assistance 
 
Before you open your business, we: 
 
(1) Will provide you and your key employees with initial training and orientation in the Iron Valley 
Real Estate system and how to operate the Outlet (see section 6.1 of the Franchise Agreement 
and the Training Program described below in this Item 11). You must successfully complete initial 
training to our satisfaction. 
 
(2) Will provide you with guidelines regarding the trade dress, furnishing and equipping of your 
Outlet (see section 7.2 of the Franchise Agreement). 
 
(3) Will review and consent to the site you select for your Outlet (if you do not already have an 
operating real estate office) (see section 7.2(a) and Exhibit 1 of the Franchise Agreement). We 
will assist you in selecting this site, if requested. You and your landlord may be required to 
complete and sign a rider or addendum to the lease that requires the landlord to (i) notify us if 
you are in material default of the lease for the Outlet and (ii) fully cooperate with us in 
completing de-identification of the Outlet if the Franchise Agreement is terminated or expires 
without being renewed. The factors we consider in consenting to a site for the Outlet include 
general location and neighborhood, parking, size, physical characteristics of existing buildings 
and lease or rental terms. You have 90 days after signing the Franchise Agreement to locate 
an acceptable site for your Outlet. We will review and either consent to or decline the proposed 
site for your Outlet within 10 business days after you provide us with its address. If you are unable 
to locate an acceptable site within 180 days, we can cancel the Franchise Agreement (see 
section 7.2(a) of the Franchise Agreement). We do not typically own and lease to you the 
premises on which the Outlet will be located. Our review and consent to the location of the 
Outlet is no guarantee or assurance that you will be successful there or anywhere else. Once 
we consent to the location of your Outlet, you must countersign and return to us the letter 
consenting to your location in the method we prescribe. We do not provide you with assistance 
in conforming the premises of the Outlet to local ordinances and building codes nor (i) obtaining 
any required permits, (ii) constructing, remodeling or decorating the premises, or (iii) hiring and 
training employees. 
 
(4) Will provide you with online access to the Confidential Operations Manual (see section 8.2 of 
the Franchise Agreement). 
 
(5) Will review and authorize the “Business Name” (a trade name containing a term unique to 
you and the Mark “Iron Valley Real Estate” or “IVRE”) you will use to operate your Outlet. You 
must always use this Business Name all advertising, promotions, yard signs, other signs and 
display materials, on your letterheads, business forms, and at the entrance to your Outlet and 
other authorized business sites, in all your business dealings related thereto and to the public 
(see section 9.2 of the Franchise Agreement). 
 
 
 
