FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT

McDonald’s USA, LLC
a Delaware limited liability company
110 N. Carpenter Street
Chicago, Illinois 60607
(630) 623-3000
www.mcdonalds.com
The franchisee will own and operate a quick service restaurant offering a limited menu of
value-priced foods using the McDonald’s System.
The total investment necessary to begin operation of a traditional McDonald’s franchise ranges
from $1,471,000 to $2,728,000 (see Item 7 for small town oil, small town retail, and Satellite
locations). This includes an initial franchise fee of $45,000.00 (see Item 5 for small town oil,
small town retail, and Satellite locations) that must be paid to the franchisor.
This disclosure document summarizes certain provisions of your franchise agreement and other
information in plain English. Read this disclosure document and all accompanying agreements
carefully. You must receive this disclosure document at least 14 calendar-days before you sign a
binding agreement with, or make any payment to, the franchisor or an affiliate in connection
with the proposed franchise sale. Note, however, that no governmental agency has verified
the information contained in this document.
You may wish to receive your disclosure document in another format that is more convenient for
you. To discuss the availability of disclosures in different formats, contact the Franchise Practice
Group at 110 N. Carpenter Street, Chicago, IL 60607 and (630) 623-3000.
The terms of your contract will govern your franchise relationship. Don’t rely on the disclosure
document alone to understand your contract. Read all of your contract carefully. Show your
contract and this disclosure document to an advisor, like a lawyer or an accountant.
Buying a franchise is a complex investment. The information in this disclosure document can
help you make up your mind. More information on franchising, such as “A Consumer’s Guide
to Buying a Franchise,” which can help you understand how to use this disclosure document, is
available from the Federal Trade Commission. You can contact the FTC at 1-877-FTC-HELP or
by writing to the FTC at 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, D.C. 20580. You can also
visit the FTC’s home page at www.ftc.gov for additional information. Call your state agency or
visit your public library for other sources of information on franchising.
There may also be laws on franchising in your state. Ask your state agencies about them.
Issuance Date: May 1, 2025, as amended February 1, 2026

How to Use This Franchise Disclosure Document
Here are some questions you may be asking about buying a franchise and tips on how to
find more information:
QUESTION

WHERE TO FIND INFORMATION

How much can I earn?

Item 19 may give you information about outlet
sales, costs, profits or losses. You should also try
to obtain this information from others, like current
and former franchisees. You can find their names
and contact information in Item 20 or Exhibits R
and S.

How much will I need to invest?

Items 5 and 6 list fees you will be paying to the
franchisor or at the franchisor’s direction. Item 7
lists the initial investment to open. Item 8
describes the suppliers you must use.

Does the franchisor have the
financial ability to provide
support to my business?

Item 21 or Exhibit A includes financial
statements. Review these statements carefully.

Is the franchise system stable,
growing, or shrinking?

Item 20 summarizes the recent history of the
number of company-owned and franchised outlets.

Will my business be the only
McDonald’s business in my
area?

Item 12 and the “territory” provisions in the
franchise agreement describe whether the
franchisor and other franchisees can compete with
you.

Does the franchisor have a
troubled legal history?

Items 3 and 4 tell you whether the franchisor or its
management have been involved in material
litigation or bankruptcy proceedings.

What’s it like to be
McDonald’s franchisee?

Item 20 or Exhibits R and S lists current and
former franchisees. You can contact them to
ask about their experiences.

What else should I know?

These questions are only a few things you should
look for. Review all 23 Items and all Exhibits in
this disclosure document to better understand this
franchise opportunity. See the table of contents.

What You Need To Know About Franchising Generally
Continuing responsibility to pay fees. You may have to pay royalties and other fees
even if you are losing money.
Business model can change. The franchise agreement may allow the franchisor to
change its manuals and business model without your consent. These changes may require
you to make additional investments in your franchise business or may harm your
franchise business.
Supplier restrictions. You may have to buy or lease items from the franchisor or a
limited group of suppliers the franchisor designates. These items may be more expensive
than similar items you could buy on your own.
Operating restrictions. The franchise agreement may prohibit you from operating a
similar business during the term of the franchise. There are usually other restrictions.
Some examples may include controlling your location, your access to customers, what
you sell, how you market, and your hours of operation.
Competition from franchisor. Even if the franchise agreement grants you a territory, the
franchisor may have the right to compete with you in your territory.
Renewal. Your franchise agreement may not permit you to renew. Even if it does, you
may have to sign a new agreement with different terms and conditions in order to
continue to operate your franchise business.
When your franchise ends. The franchise agreement may prohibit you from operating a
similar business after your franchise ends even if you still have obligations to your
landlord or other creditors.
Some States Require Registration
Your state may have a franchise law, or other law, that requires franchisors to
register before offering or selling franchises in the state. Registration does not mean that
the state recommends the franchise or has verified the information in this document. To
find out if your state has a registration requirement, or to contact your state, use the
agency information in Exhibit P.
Your state also may have laws that require special disclosures or amendments be
made to your franchise agreement. If so, you should check the State Specific Addenda.
See the Table of Contents for the location of the State Specific Addenda.

Special Risks to Consider About This Franchise
Certain states require that the following risk(s) be highlighted:
1.

Out-of-State Dispute Resolution. The franchise agreement requires you to
resolve disputes with the franchisor by mediation, arbitration and/or litigation
only in Illinois. Out-of-state mediation, arbitration, or litigation may force you
to accept a less favorable settlement for disputes. It may also cost more to
mediate, arbitrate, or litigate with the franchisor in Illinois than in your own
state.

Certain states may require other risks to be highlighted. Check the “State Specific
Addenda” (if any) to see whether your state requires other risks to be highlighted.

THE FOLLOWING APPLY ONLY TO TRANSACTIONS GOVERNED BY
THE MICHIGAN FRANCHISE INVESTMENT LAW

THE STATE OF MICHIGAN PROHIBITS CERTAIN UNFAIR PROVISIONS THAT
ARE SOMETIMES IN FRANCHISE DOCUMENTS. IF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING
PROVISIONS ARE IN THESE FRANCHISE DOCUMENTS, THE PROVISIONS ARE
VOID AND CANNOT BE ENFORCED AGAINST YOU.
(a)

A prohibition on the right of a franchisee to join an association of franchisees.

(b)
A requirement that a franchisee assent to a release, assignment, novation, waiver, or
estoppel which deprives a franchisee of rights and protections provided in the Michigan Franchise
Investment Act. This shall not preclude a franchisee, after entering into a franchise agreement, from
settling any and all claims.
(c)
A provision that permits a franchisor to terminate a franchise prior to the expiration of its
term except for good cause. Good cause shall include the failure of the franchisee to comply with any
lawful provision of the franchise agreement and to cure such failure after being given written notice
thereof and a reasonable opportunity, which in no event need be more than 30 days, to cure such failure.
(d)
A provision that permits a franchisor to refuse to renew a franchise without fairly
compensating the franchisee by repurchase or other means for the fair market value at the time of
expiration of the franchisee's inventory, supplies, equipment, fixtures, and furnishings. Personalized
materials which have no value to the franchisor and inventory, supplies, equipment, fixtures, and
furnishings not reasonably required in the conduct of the franchise business are not subject to
compensation. This subsection applies only if: (i) the term of the franchise is less than 5 years and
(ii) the franchisee is prohibited by the franchise or other agreement from continuing to conduct
substantially the same business under another trademark, service mark, trade name, logotype, advertising,
or other commercial symbol in the same area subsequent to the expiration of the franchise or the
franchisee does not receive at least 6 months advance notice of franchisor's intent not to renew the
franchise.
(e)
A provision that permits the franchisor to refuse to renew a franchise on terms generally
available to other franchisees of the same class or type under similar circumstances. This section does not
require a renewal provision.
(f)
A provision requiring that arbitration or litigation be conducted outside this state. This
shall not preclude the franchisee from entering into an agreement, at the time of arbitration, to conduct
arbitration at a location outside this state.
(g)
A provision which permits a franchisor to refuse to permit a transfer of ownership of a
franchise, except for good cause. This subdivision does not prevent a franchisor from exercising a right
of first refusal to purchase the franchise. Good cause shall include, but is not limited to:
(i)
The failure of the proposed transferee to meet the franchisor's then current
reasonable qualifications or standards.
(ii)
The fact that the proposed transferee is a competitor of the franchisor or
subfranchisor.

(iii)
The unwillingness of the proposed transferee to agree in writing to comply with
all lawful obligations.
(iv)
The failure of the franchisee or proposed transferee to pay any sums owing to the
franchisor or to cure any default in the franchise agreement existing at the time of the proposed
transfer.
(h)
A provision that requires the franchisee to resell to the franchisor items that are not
uniquely identified with the franchisor. This subdivision does not prohibit a provision that grants to a
franchisor a right of first refusal to purchase the assets of a franchise on the same terms and conditions as
a bona fide third party willing and able to purchase those assets, nor does this subdivision prohibit a
provision that grants the franchisor the right to acquire the assets of a franchise for the market or
appraised value of such assets if the franchisee has breached the lawful provisions of the franchise
agreement and has failed to cure the breach in the manner provided in subdivision (c).
(i)
A provision which permits the franchisor to directly or indirectly convey, assign, or
otherwise transfer its obligations to fulfill contractual obligations to the franchisee unless provision has
been made for providing the required contractual services.
If the franchisor's most recent financial statements are unaudited and show a net worth of less
than $100,000, the franchisor shall, at the request of a franchisee, arrange for the escrow of initial
investment and other funds paid by the franchisee until the obligations to provide real estate,
improvements, equipment, inventory, training, or other items included in the franchise offering are
fulfilled. At the option of the franchisor, a surety bond may be provided in place of escrow.

THE FACT THAT THERE IS A NOTICE OF THIS OFFERING ON FILE WITH
THE ATTORNEY GENERAL DOES NOT CONSTITUTE APPROVAL,
RECOMMENDATION, OR ENDORSEMENT BY THE ATTORNEY GENERAL.
Any questions regarding this notice should be directed to:
State of Michigan
Department of Attorney General
Consumer Protection Division
Attn: Franchise Section
525 West Ottawa Street
G. Mennen Williams Building, 1st Floor
Lansing, Michigan 48913
Telephone Number: (517) 373-7117

Table Of Contents
Item

Page No.

1.

The Franchisor and any Parents, Predecessors, and Affiliates ...................................................... 1

2.

Business Experience...................................................................................................................... 2

3.

Litigation ....................................................................................................................................... 4

4.

Bankruptcy .................................................................................................................................... 10

5.

Initial Fees ..................................................................................................................................... 10

6.

Other Fees ..................................................................................................................................... 10

7.

Estimated Initial Investment ......................................................................................................... 17

8.

Restrictions on Sources of Products and Services ........................................................................ 18

9.

Franchisee’s Obligations ............................................................................................................... 21

10.

Financing ....................................................................................................................................... 22

11.

Franchisor’s Assistance, Advertising, Computer Systems, and Training ..................................... 22

12.

Territory ........................................................................................................................................ 29

13.

Trademarks.................................................................................................................................... 29

14.

Patents, Copyrights, and Proprietary Information ......................................................................... 30

15.

Obligation to Participate in the Actual Operation of the Franchise Business ............................... 31

16.

Restrictions on What the Franchisee May Sell ............................................................................. 31

17.

Renewal, Termination, Transfer, and Dispute Resolution ............................................................ 31

18.

Public Figures ............................................................................................................................... 34

19.

Financial Performance Representations ........................................................................................ 35

20.

Outlets and Franchisee Information .............................................................................................. 37

21.

Financial Statements ..................................................................................................................... 48

22.

Contracts ....................................................................................................................................... 48

23.

Receipts ......................................................................................................................................... 48

Table of Contents (Continued)
Exhibits
A.
Financial Statements
B.
Franchise Agreement (Traditional)
C.
Franchise Agreement (Satellite)
D.
Franchise Agreement (Walmart)
E.
New Restaurant Rider
F.
BFL Rider
G.
Operator’s Lease
H.
Assignment to an Entity
I.
Assignment Agreement
J.
Candidate Agreements
K.
McDonald’s New Term Policy
L.
McDonald’s Growth Policy
M.
New Term Offer Letter
N.
Loan and Related Documents
O.
List of Agents for Service of Process
P.
State Administrators
Q.
McDonald’s Affiliates
R.
List of Franchised Restaurants
S.
List of franchisees who had an outlet terminated, canceled, not renewed,
or otherwise voluntarily or involuntarily ceased to do business
T.
State Specific Addenda

Item 1
The Franchisor and any Parents, Predecessors, and Affiliates
The Franchisor is McDonald’s USA, LLC, which will be referred to in this disclosure document as
“McDonald’s”, “we”, “us” or “our”. A person who buys a franchise from McDonald’s will be referred to in this
disclosure document as “you”.
We are a Delaware limited liability company. Our principal place of business is 110 N. Carpenter Street,
Chicago, Illinois, 60607. We currently do business under the name of McDonald’s USA, LLC. Our agents for
service of process are disclosed in Exhibit O. We are a wholly-owned subsidiary of our parent and predecessor,
McDonald’s Corporation, a Delaware corporation. Our predecessor’s principal place of business is 110 N.
Carpenter Street, Chicago, Illinois, 60607. Our predecessor currently does not offer franchises. Neither we nor
our predecessor have ever offered franchises in any other line of business.
We have domestic affiliates and international affiliates. Some of our international affiliates offer
McDonald’s franchises outside of the United States. None of them have offered franchises in any other line of
business. These international affiliates are disclosed in Exhibit Q.
We develop, operate, franchise, and service a system of restaurants that prepare, assemble, package, and
sell a limited menu of value-priced foods under the McDonald’s System in the U.S. The “McDonald’s System” is
a concept of restaurant operations that includes, among other things, certain rights in trademarks, manuals, and
other confidential business information; operational, real estate, and marketing information; and the expertise and
continuing information that we provide. All McDonald’s restaurant businesses in the U.S. are operated under
franchise agreements and are owned by franchisees who are independent third parties or by our wholly-owned
subsidiaries (“McOpCo companies”). Currently, about 95% of all U.S. restaurants are franchised to independent
franchisees and about 5% are franchised to McOpCo companies.
McDonald’s restaurants offer the public a high standard of quality and uniformity in food, service, and
decor. McDonald’s restaurants are located in freestanding buildings, storefronts, food courts, and other locations
that are appropriate to McDonald’s image. A grant of a McDonald’s franchise authorizes you to operate a
McDonald’s restaurant business at a specific location and to use the McDonald’s System in the operation of that
restaurant business for a specific period of time, usually 20 years. We also grant franchises for McDonald’s
restaurant businesses located in retail stores such as Walmart. We call these satellite (“Satellite”) locations.
McDonald’s restaurants located in strip centers, airports, universities, shopping malls, hospitals, and other diverse
locations may also be Satellites. Satellites may serve a scaled-down menu of a traditional McDonald’s restaurant
and, in some cases, will also serve non-McDonald’s trademarked products. The term of the franchise for a
Satellite depends on its location.
Some McDonald’s restaurants that are located in fuel station/convenience store facilities are called small
town oil (“STO”) locations. STOs are full-menu restaurants that share building space with a convenience store
and have a fuel station located outside of the building. At each STO, the fuel station/convenience store typically
will be associated with a national or regional branded chain. Some McDonald’s restaurants that anchor a small
retail center in rural communities are called small town retail (“STR”) locations. STOs and STRs are not
Satellites. The term of the franchise for STOs and STRs is usually 10 years.
In certain limited cases, we may also grant franchises with leases that include the business facilities. We
call these Business Facilities Lease (“BFL”) franchises. A BFL is a special arrangement that we may offer when
certain economic and other factors exist. The term of a BFL is usually 3 years. Under a BFL, you may have a
conditional option to purchase certain restaurant assets after the first year and extend the franchise for up to
20 years after the beginning of the term. In this disclosure document, the word “restaurant” refers to each
McDonald’s restaurant business location generally, regardless of whether it is franchised as a traditional
restaurant, Satellite, STO, STR, or BFL (unless otherwise provided).
All franchisees who operate a restaurant, whether a traditional, Satellite, STO, STR, or BFL location, will
sign the applicable form of our standard franchise agreement attached as Exhibits B, C, and D (collectively
“Franchise Agreement”).
-1-

In 1955, our predecessor, McDonald’s Corporation, began granting franchises to individuals for the
operation of McDonald’s restaurants. In 1960, our predecessor began forming and granting franchises to
McOpCo companies for the operation of McDonald’s restaurants. In 2004, our predecessor formed us as a
subsidiary and in 2005, as part of a global company alignment, transferred to us a majority of the assets used in its
U.S. business, including its interests in the McOpCo companies and the franchises for McDonald’s restaurants in
the U.S. In 2007, restaurants in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands operated by McOpCo companies were sold to,
and a master franchise to offer and sell franchises in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands was granted to, LatAm,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, which is not an affiliate of McDonald’s.
As a franchisee, you should not have any expectation that the economic and demographic factors that
exist at your McDonald’s restaurant location will remain constant. In addition, other McDonald’s restaurants
(including those that we develop in the future) may have an effect on the sales of your McDonald’s restaurant,
since customers typically patronize various McDonald’s restaurants depending on their travel patterns and other
factors. You also will be competing with other restaurants, food service businesses and convenience stores that
offer the same types of products that you do. These restaurants, food service businesses and convenience stores
may be associated with national or regional chains (whether or not franchised) or may be local, single restaurant
locations. You will compete with other restaurants, food service businesses and convenience stores that feature
products different from those in a McDonald’s restaurant. In certain STOs, the fuel station/convenience store
operators will have the right to sell fountain drinks and hot beverages in the convenience store located within the
same building as the McDonald’s restaurant. Your products and services will be offered primarily to individual
consumers for on-site or off-site consumption. The market for the products you will offer is developed in some
areas and still developing in other areas, depending on the number of restaurants of this type operating in each
particular area.
You will be required to comply with all local, state, and federal laws, including health and sanitation laws
and menu-labeling requirements that apply to restaurant operations. There are other laws that apply generally to
all businesses, including, but not limited to, the Americans with Disabilities Act, and we encourage you to make
further inquiries about these laws.

Item 2
Business Experience
All of our current officers and directors listed below who started with the McDonald’s brand and our predecessor
before January 1, 2005 became our employees on January 1, 2005. The start dates of all our current officers and
directors with our predecessor (if before January 1, 2005) or us (if on or after January 1, 2005) are listed below.
Title
Director and President
Director
Director
U.S. Chief Restaurant Operations Officer
U.S. Chief Finance Officer
U.S. President National Field Operations
U.S. Vice President – Franchising Strategy
U.S. Field Vice President
U.S. Field Vice President
U.S. Field Vice President
U.S. Field Vice President
U.S. Field Vice President
U.S. Field Vice President
U.S. Field Vice President
U.S. Field Vice President
U.S. Field Vice President
U.S. Field Vice President
Sr. Director – Operations Officer

Name
Joe Erlinger
Ian Borden
Angela K. Steele
Mason Smoot
Tom Dillon
Myra Doria
Brad Bogan
Angela Blissett
Derin Briggs
John Cronan
Robert Franklin
Monica Hayes
Ken Marcinkowski
Val Mathelier
Cameron Newlands
Mayra Romero
Anand Yalamanchi
Rufus Brown
-2-

Start Date
April 22, 2002
July 25, 1994
May 9, 2011
March 1, 1994
February 2, 2009
January 1, 1996
June 17, 2019
May 18, 2006
February 7, 2022 (1)
February 21, 2005
June 4, 2018
June 1, 2022 (2)
August 25, 2003
August 17, 2011
November 1, 2024 (3)
April 16, 2015
November 5, 2000
October 1, 2024 (4)

Title
Sr. Director – Operations Officer
Sr. Director – Operations Officer
Sr. Director – Operations Officer
Sr. Director – Operations Officer
Sr. Director – Operations Officer
Sr. Director – Operations Officer
Sr. Director – Operations Officer
Sr. Director – Operations Officer
Sr. Director – Operations Officer
Sr. Director – Operations Officer
Sr. Director – Operations Officer
Sr. Director – Operations Officer
Sr. Director – Operations Officer
Sr. Director – Operations Officer
Sr. Director – Operations Officer
Sr. Director – Operations Officer
Sr. Director – Operations Officer
Sr. Director – Operations Officer
Sr. Director – Operations Officer

Name
Alan Cohen
Patricia Diaz
Chris Dobson
Jenny Horzen
Alejandra Jimenez
Hazel Kraft
Christina Lewis
Brandon Loulan
Heather Pfeiff
Tatiana Rich
Yokasta Rodrigues
Ingrid Rodriguez
Lynn Rudy
Leanne Sagert
Kelly Talento
Rochelle Tandy
Navin Varindani
Patrick Wrobel
John Yelenosky

Start Date
September 27, 2001
May 16, 2018
February 24, 1984
July 18, 1994
February 12, 1996
September 1, 2024 (5)
September 1, 1994
September 17, 2014
February 21, 2011
October 26, 2014
May 19, 1999
May 4, 1993
October 15, 1996
October 1, 2002
January 16, 2017
October 27, 2000
April 15, 2025 (6)
January 6, 2014
March 1, 1991

(1) Derin Briggs is the U.S. Field Office Vice President for the Nashville Field Office effective as of February 7,
2022. From January 2020 to January 2022, she was the Division Vice President for Dollar General, located in
Nashville, Tennessee.
(2) Monica Hayes is the U.S. Field Office Vice President for the Atlanta Field Office effective as of April 2023.
From June 2022 to April 2023, she was Vice President in McDonald’s Accelerated Operations Training Program.
From January 2021 to May 2022 she was Vice President, West Zone Operations; and from January 2020 to
December 2020, she was Chief of Staff to the President and Chief Operating Officer at The Coca-Cola Company,
located in Atlanta, Georgia.
(3) Cameron Newlands is the U.S. Field Office Vice President for the Columbus Field Office effective as of
November 2025. From November 2024 to November 2025, he was Operations Officer for the Stamford Field
Office. From November 2023 to October 2024, he was Chief Restaurant Officer for McDonald’s Australia Ltd,
and from September 2022 to November 2023, he was VP of Operations for McDonald’s Australia Ltd, and from
January 2020 to August 2022, he was an Operations Director for McDonald’s Australia Ltd., all located in
Sydney, Australia.
(4) Rufus Brown is a Sr. Director – Operations Officer for the Chicago Field Office effective October 2025.
From October 2024 to October 2025, he was in the McDonald’s Accelerated Operations Training Program in
Denver, Colorado. From January 2022 to May 2024, he was the Vice President of Operations for C.R. Laurence
in Los Angeles, California. From December 2020 to January 2022, he was the Regional Vice President of
Operations for C.R. Laurence in Los Angeles, California. From January 2020 to December 2020, he was the
Sales Director at Healthcare Services Group, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
(5) Hazel Kraft is a Sr. Director – Operations Officer for the Chicago Field Office effective September, 2024.
From September 2021 to August 2024, she was the UK and Ireland Vice President of Operations for McDonald’s
Restaurant Limited, located in London, and from January 2020 to August 2021, she was the IDL Segment
Director of Strategy and Alignment for McDonald’s Global Franchising Limited, located in Singapore.
(6) Navin Varindani is a Sr. Director – Operations Officer for the Atlanta Field Office effective October
2025. From April 2025 to October 2025, he was an Operations Officer in the McDonald’s Accelerated
Operations Training Program. From January 2024 to March 2025, he was General Manager of the Southeast
Division at Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen (Restaurant Brands International) located in Miami, Florida. From
September 2022 to January 2024, he was Head of Market Planning & Development Analytics at Popeyes
Louisiana Kitchen (Restaurant Brands International) located in Miami, Florida. From January 2021 to August
-3-

2022, he was Senior Manager, Deals & Business Development, at Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen (Restaurant Brands
International) located in Miami, Florida. From January 2020 to December 2020, he was Co-Founder and CIO of
Vishni Capital Advisors, LLC, located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Item 3
Litigation
Pending Cases
Leinani Deslandes, et al. v. McDonald’s USA, LLC, and McDonald’s Corporation and Does 1-10 (Case No. 1:17cv-04857). On June 28, 2017, plaintiff, a former franchisee employee, filed a complaint against us and our
predecessor in the U.S. District Court, Northern District of Illinois, Eastern Division, alleging that a provision of
McDonald’s franchise agreement unlawfully prohibited her from obtaining a position at a nearby franchise that
would have paid her more money and, as a consequence, she suffered reduced wages, loss of professional growth
opportunities and illegal working conditions. Plaintiff asserts we and our predecessor engaged in unlawful
contracts and unfair competition in violation of the Sherman Antitrust Act, the Illinois Antitrust Act, and the
Illinois Consumer Fraud and Deceptive Business Practices Act. Plaintiff seeks class certification, damages,
restitution, attorneys’ fees, costs and expenses and a permanent injunction enjoining McDonald’s from enforcing
the franchise agreement provision at issue in the complaint. On September 18, 2017, plaintiff filed an amended
complaint. On October 2, 2017, McDonald’s filed a motion to dismiss plaintiff’s amended complaint, and on
June 25, 2018 the court denied that motion. On June 28, 2022, the court granted our motion for judgment on the
pleadings, entering judgment in McDonald’s favor. On July 27, 2022, plaintiff filed an appeal. On August 25,
2023, the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit reversed the district court’s ruling and remanded
the case back to the district court for further proceedings. On November 21, 2023, we and our predecessor asked
the United States Supreme Court to review and reverse the appellate court’s decision, which the Supreme Court
denied. The case has returned to the district court for further proceedings. We and our predecessor intend to
defend our interests vigorously in this case.
Stephanie Turner v. McDonald’s USA, LLC and McDonald’s Corporation (Case No. 1:19-cv-05524). On August
15, 2019, plaintiff, who worked in corporate-owned and franchisee-owned restaurants, filed a complaint against
us and our predecessor in the U.S. District Court, Northern District of Illinois, Eastern Division. Her complaint
alleges that a provision of McDonald’s franchise agreement unlawfully prohibited her from obtaining a position at
other McDonald’s-brand restaurants that would have paid her more money and, as a consequence, she suffered
reduced wages, loss of professional growth opportunities and illegal working conditions. Plaintiff asserts that we
and our predecessor engaged in unlawful contracts and unfair competition in violation of the Sherman Antitrust
Act. On October 15, 2019, we moved to dismiss plaintiff’s claims, and on April 24, 2020, the court denied that
motion. On June 28, 2022, the court granted our motion for judgment on the pleadings, entering judgment in
McDonald’s favor. On July 27, 2022, plaintiff filed an appeal. On August 25, 2023, the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit reversed the district court’s ruling and remanded the case back to the district court
for further proceedings. On November 21, 2023, we and our predecessor asked the United States Supreme Court
to review and reverse the appellate court’s decision, which the Supreme Court denied. The case has returned to
the district court for further proceedings. We and our predecessor intend to defend our interests vigorously in this
case.
Christine Crawford, et al. v. McDonald’s USA, LLC and McDonald’s Corporation (Case No. 1:20-cv-05132). On
August 31, 2020, plaintiffs, seventy-seven former franchisees, filed a complaint against us and our predecessor in
the U.S. District Court, Northern District of Illinois, Eastern Division. Their complaint alleges that we and our
predecessor discriminated against Black franchisees on the basis of their race. Plaintiffs claim that their
allegations constitute bad faith breach of their franchise agreements, fraudulent inducement and fraudulent
omission, and violate federal civil rights laws. Plaintiffs seek declaratory relief, compensatory and punitive
damages, and attorneys’ fees and costs. On October 23, 2020, we and our predecessor moved to dismiss
plaintiffs’ claims. On November 16, 2020, plaintiffs filed an amended complaint which added twenty-eight
former franchisees and deleted three former franchisees, bringing the total number of plaintiffs to seventy-seven.
On December 21, 2020, we and our predecessor moved to dismiss plaintiffs’ amended complaint, which the court
granted on September 28, 2022. The court allowed plaintiffs to file another amended complaint. Forty-eight of
the plaintiffs retained new counsel, and the court severed those plaintiffs into a separate but related case. Both
-4-

sets of plaintiffs filed amended complaints on December 16, 2022. On March 31, 2023, we and our predecessor
moved to dismiss the second amended complaint. On June 12, 2023, the court ordered a complaint filed by
another former franchisee, Mitch McPherson, that raised similar claims, to be transferred and identified as a
related complaint (the “McPherson Complaint”). On June 5, 2023, we and our predecessor moved to dismiss the
McPherson Complaint. We intend to defend our interests vigorously in this case.
Kytch, Inc. v. McDonald’s Corporation (Case No. 1:22-cv-00279). On March 1, 2022, plaintiff filed a complaint
against our predecessor in the U.S. District Court, District of Delaware. The complaint alleges that our
predecessor engaged in false advertising, trade libel and deceptive trade practices by warning franchisees of safety
concerns associated with a device designed to diagnose and repair ice cream machines that was developed by
plaintiff. The complaint also alleges that our predecessor tortiously interfered with plaintiff’s nondisclosure
agreements by inducing franchisees to disclose certain information that plaintiff alleges was confidential.
Plaintiff seeks injunctive relief, monetary damages, punitive damages, costs and attorneys’ fees. On April 22,
2022, our predecessor moved to dismiss the complaint, which the court granted with respect to one of plaintiff’s
claims, but denied with respect to the others, on March 29, 2023. On April 24, 2023, the parties agreed to transfer
the case to the U.S. District Court, Northern District of California. Our predecessor intends to defend its interests
vigorously in this case.
George R. Michell, et al. v. McDonald’s Corporation, McDonald’s USA, LLC, et al. (Case No. 1:24-cv-03442).
On May 9, 2024, plaintiff, a franchisee, filed a complaint against our predecessor, three of our officers, and us in
the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York. Plaintiff alleges that we targeted plaintiff to
force him out of the McDonald’s System because he is Hispanic, and that our actions violated the Connecticut
Franchise Act, breached his franchise agreements, tortiously interfered with his relationship at an airport, and
constitute discrimination and retaliation under federal antidiscrimination statutes. Plaintiff also alleges that we
fraudulently induced him to reinvest in the restaurants he operated. On July 25, 2024, plaintiff moved for a
preliminary injunction to prevent us from refranchising a restaurant to a new franchisee when the franchise term
expires in January 2025. The court held an evidentiary hearing on September 25, 2024. The court dismissed
plaintiff’s motion as moot on January 21, 2025 after Plaintiff entered into a contract to sell the restaurant in
dispute. On October 10, 2024, we, our predecessor, and our officers moved to dismiss the complaint in part and
answered the remainder of the complaint. On the same day, we and our predecessor filed a counterclaim seeking a
declaratory judgment that plaintiff is in breach of all his franchise agreements and that we have the right to
terminate them. On November 1, 2024, Plaintiff filed an Amended Complaint that added a claim under the
Connecticut Unfair Trade Practices Act. On December 6, 2024, we, our predecessor and our officers moved to
dismiss the Amended Complaint. On September 22, 2025, the court partially dismissed the Amended Complaint
and gave Plaintiff leave to amend certain counts. We, our predecessor, and our officers intend to defend our
interests vigorously in this case.
Tammy Williams v. McDonald’s USA, LLC (Case No. 1:24-cv-11275). On October 31, 2024, plaintiff filed a
complaint against us in the U.S. District Court, Northern District of Illinois, on behalf of herself and a purported
class of nationwide McDonald’s customers who were exposed to E. coli as a result of purchasing Quarter Pounder
sandwiches from McDonald’s. The plaintiff alleges that she purchased a Quarter Pounder sandwich from a
McDonald’s restaurant and became ill from exposure to E. coli as a result of eating that sandwich. Plaintiff also
alleges that McDonald’s misrepresented the safety of the sandwiches, failed to warn customers of the dangers of
E. coli, and that McDonald’s safety practices were inadequate. Plaintiff claims that McDonald’s conduct violates
the Illinois Consumer Fraud and Deceptive Trade Practices Act, and constitutes negligence and unjust
enrichment. Plaintiff seeks certification of a nationwide class, restitution, compensatory and punitive damages
and attorneys’ fees and costs. On September 26, 2025, we moved to dismiss the complaint. We intend to defend
our interests vigorously in this case.
Peter Le, et al. v. McDonald’s Corporation (Case No 1:2-cv-15609). On December 23, 2025, plaintiffs filed a
complaint against our predecessor in the U.S. District Court, Northern District of Illinois, on behalf of themselves
and a purported class of nationwide McDonald’s customers who purchased McRib sandwiches. Plaintiffs allege
that our predecessor deceptively marketed the McRib sandwich by, among other things, using the term “Rib” in
the name of the sandwich and shaping the patty to look like ribs. Plaintiffs bring claims for fraudulent omission
or concealment, fraudulent misrepresentation, negligent misrepresentation, fraud, breach of warranties, breach of
contract, breach of the duty of good faith and fair dealing, unjust enrichment, and violations of the California
-5-

Consumer Legal Remedies Act, the California False and Misleading Advertising Law, the California Unfair
Competition Law, the New York Unlawful Deceptive Acts and Practices law, the New York False Advertising
Law, the Illinois Consumer Fraud and Deceptive Business Practices Act, and the District of Columbia Consumer
Protection Procedures Act. Plaintiffs seek class certification, damages, attorneys’ fees and costs, and an order
enjoining McDonald’s from further deceptive marketing. Our predecessor intends to defend its interests
vigorously in this case.
Additionally, we and our predecessor have been named as defendants in numerous additional labor and
employment lawsuits brought by employees of our franchisees on an individual, class and collective basis,
alleging that we are joint employers with our franchisees. These lawsuits allege racial discrimination, sexual
harassment, wrongful termination, constructive discharge, wage and hour violations, and similar claims under
Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and 42 U.S.C. Section 1981, and the Fair Labor Standards Act or similar
statutes. We strongly disagree with the joint employment allegations and intend to vigorously defend these
actions.
Occasionally, disputes arise with our franchisees. If a dispute cannot be resolved through our internal
processes such as appealing to higher level individuals (our “open door policy”) or our formal Ombudsman
process, then as a matter of common practice (not required by the Franchise Agreement) we will often agree to
use mediation. Even though we follow these practices, occasionally lawsuits alleging the same or similar
allegations to those listed in this Item 3 have been brought against us or our predecessor and could be brought
against us in the future.
Concluded Cases
Zhuang Zhi-Xun and Qing-Yi Limited v. McDonald’s Restaurants (Taiwan) Co., Ltd. (Case No. 105 Xu-Zhi
No.710). On December 25, 2015, the plaintiff, an operator of a McDonald’s restaurant in Taiwan and his
operating entity, filed in Taipei District Court a complaint against our affiliate, McDonald’s Restaurants (Taiwan)
Co., Ltd., alleging it failed to comply with the pre-contractual disclosure requirements set forth in the Taiwan Fair
Trade Commission's Guidelines on Franchisors' Business Practice. The plaintiff alleged our affiliate failed to
disclose certain information related to our affiliate’s plans to open new restaurants in the same business area as
plaintiff’s restaurant. For such claims, plaintiff sought compensation of $700,000 New Taiwan dollars, plus
interest, court fees, and rescission. Plaintiff additionally requested the court to render the arbitration clause in the
franchise agreement null and void based on the Taiwan Fair Trade Act and the Consumer Protection Act. On
March 22, 2016, our affiliate entered into a settlement agreement with the franchisee. The franchisee agreed to
terminate all of the franchises for his McDonald’s restaurants, sell our affiliate the assets of those restaurants, and
settle all claims for $111,172,552 New Taiwan Dollars.
Chris Howe v. McDonald’s Corporation and Does 1-100 (Case No. 5:16-cv-00176). On January 29, 2016,
plaintiff filed a complaint against our predecessor in the U.S. District Court, Central District of California –
Eastern Division, on behalf of himself and purported classes of McDonald’s customers in California and in 41
other states and the District of Columbia who purchased Mozzarella Cheese Sticks in McDonald’s restaurants in
California. Plaintiff alleged that McDonald’s advertising of Mozzarella Cheese Sticks violated California’s
Unfair Competition Law, California’s False Advertising Law, California’s Consumers Legal Remedies Act, and
various state warranty laws. Plaintiff also asserted a claim for unjust enrichment. Plaintiff sought, on behalf of
himself and the purported classes, monetary damages, attorney’s fees, costs and expenses, pre- and post-judgment
interest, and injunctive relief. On October 10, 2016, our predecessor agreed to settle the case by paying $32,500
in damages, which included $30,500 in attorneys’ fees and costs, and in exchange received a general release for
us and our predecessor from the plaintiff.
Jade Berreau, as administrator of the Estate of Dashiell Snow v. McDonald’s Corporation and Does 1-100 (Case
No. 2:16-cv-07394). On October 3, 2016, plaintiff, as the administrator of Estate of Dashiell Snow, filed a
complaint against our predecessor in the U.S. District Court, Central District of California, Western Division,
alleging that McDonald’s unlawfully copied Dashiell Snow’s artwork and installed it in hundreds of McDonald’s
graffiti-themed restaurants around the world. Plaintiff asserts claims for copyright infringement, falsification of
copyright management information, unfair competition under the Lanham Act and California law, and negligence,
and seeks injunctive relief, monetary and punitive damages, attorney’s fees, costs and expenses. The accused
-6-

artwork was not installed in any restaurants in the United States. Our predecessor filed a motion to dismiss the
case for lack of personal jurisdiction, which the court granted on January 30, 2017 without prejudice to the ability
to refile the complaint in a different jurisdiction. On or about March 24, 2017, our predecessor settled this case by
agreeing to pay $650,000 and remove the accused artwork in one restaurant in the United Kingdom. The parties
exchanged releases.
Stephanie Ochoa, et al. v. McDonald’s Corp., McDonald’s USA, LLC, McDonald’s Restaurants of California,
Inc., The Edward J. Smith and Valerie S. Smith Family Limited Partnership d/b/a McDonald’s and Does 1-100
(Case No. 3:14-cv-02098-JD). On March 12, 2014, the plaintiffs, various current and former employees of
franchised restaurants, filed a lawsuit against us, our predecessor, an affiliate and franchisees in the Superior
Court of the State of California, County of Alameda, alleging violations of the California Labor Code and the
California Business & Professions Code related to altering time records, requiring off-the-clock work, failing to
pay minimum and overtime wages, failing to provide required meal periods and rest breaks, failing to pay all
wages due to discharged and quitting employees, failing to keep accurate records and provide accurate itemized
wage statements, failing to indemnify employees for necessary expenses, negligence, unfair and unlawful
business practices and retaliation for complaining about the alleged labor violations. The plaintiffs also alleged
that the defendant McDonald’s entities are joint employers of those employees. The plaintiffs sought class
certification, injunctive relief, monetary and punitive damages, interest, statutory penalties, declaratory judgment,
disgorged profits, and attorneys’ fees and costs. On May 7, 2014, our franchisees removed this lawsuit to the U.S.
District Court, Northern District of California. On September 25, 2015, the court dismissed all of plaintiffs’ joint
employer theories against the McDonald’s entities except one based on ostensible agency theory. On November
14, 2016, the court granted final approval of a settlement of all claims between the plaintiffs and our franchisees.
The defendant McDonald’s entities and plaintiffs separately reached a settlement agreement wherein the
McDonald’s entities agreed to pay $3,750,000 and certain limited injunctive relief in exchange for dismissal of all
remaining claims with prejudice. The court granted final approval and dismissed all claims against the defendant
McDonald’s entities with prejudice on August 4, 2017.
Paul Bledsoe v. McDonald’s USA, LLC and Does 1-10 (Case No. 2:18-cv-09354-JFW-GJS). On September 28,
2018, plaintiff filed a complaint against us in California state court in Los Angeles County, on behalf of himself
and purported classes of McDonald’s customers in California who purchased extra value meals in McDonald’s
restaurants in California and were charged a “drink upcharge” for a drink advertised as being included in the extra
value meal. Plaintiff alleged McDonald’s practice of charging extra for beverages advertised as already being
included in an extra value meal violated California’s Unfair Competition Law, California’s False Advertising
Law, and California’s Consumers Legal Remedies Act. Plaintiff sought, on behalf of himself and the purported
class, monetary damages, attorney’s fees, costs and expenses, pre- and post-judgment interest, and injunctive
relief. On February 11, 2019, we agreed to settle the case by paying $2,500 in damages in exchange received a
general release from the plaintiff.
Il Ristorante del Centro (Pandya) v. McDonald’s Development Italy LLC (Case No. R.G. 30320/2017). On May
22, 2017, plaintiff, a franchisee of our affiliate in Italy, filed a complaint against us in the Court of Milan asserting
claims for breach of the franchise agreement for abuse of dominant position and abuse of economic dependence.
The plaintiff sought compensatory damages. On June 20, 2018, the parties settled this litigation. The plaintiff
agreed to terminate his franchise and sell the restaurant to our affiliate for 1,671,680 Euros. The purchase price
was reduced by 910,272 Euros for outstanding fees owed to our affiliate. Our affiliate also agreed to hire the
plaintiff’s employees, and the parties exchanged mutual releases..
Emily Knowles, et al. v. McDonald’s USA, LLC, and McDonald’s Corporation (Case 9:16-cv-81657-KAM). On
September 29, 2016, plaintiff filed a complaint against us and our predecessor in the U.S. District Court, Southern
District of Florida, on behalf of herself and a purported class of nationwide McDonald’s customers who have
allegedly paid a drink upcharge fee for healthy drink options with their purchase of a Happy Meal. Plaintiff
asserted claims under the Florida Deceptive and Unfair Trade Practices Act or, in the alternative, under the
Illinois Consumer Fraud Act if the court found that Illinois consumer laws apply to the allegations. Plaintiff
sought entry of an order certifying the case as a class action, monetary damages, civil penalties, attorneys’ fees,
costs and expenses. In November 2018, McDonald’s settled this case with Plaintiff by agreeing to pay $35,000 in
exchange for a release of all claims.
-7-

Dieter Abt, et al. v. McDonald’s Corp., McDonald’s USA, LLC, The Marketing Store Worldwide, LLC, et al.
(Case No. BC 552072). On July 18, 2014, the plaintiffs filed a complaint in California state court against us, our
predecessor, The Marketing Store Worldwide, LLC and others, alleging the defendants used the plaintiffs’
money and intellectual property to fund and further develop the McDonald’s Channel, an in-store controlled
television and media test, and made false representations that they intended to continue working with plaintiffs to
implement the McDonald’s Channel after McDonald’s purportedly knew that it had no intention of doing
so. Plaintiffs amended their initial complaint four times since the commencement of the case in July 2014, and
their fourth amended complaint, filed in November 2015, alleged eight counts against our predecessor and us for
fraud, negligent misrepresentation, promissory fraud, fraudulent concealment and unjust enrichment. Plaintiffs
sought actual and punitive damages and costs. In March 2019, the defendants settled this case with plaintiffs by
agreeing to pay $150,000 in exchange for a release of all claims.
Tavarua Restaurants, Inc. et al. v. McDonald’s USA, LLC (Case No. 19-CV-0021-MMA-NLS). On January 4,
2019, the plaintiffs, the estate of a recently deceased franchisee and that franchisee’s operating companies, filed a
complaint in the U.S. District Court, Southern District of California against us. The complaint alleges that we
improperly exercised a right of first refusal seeking to purchase the franchisee’s restaurant franchises and violated
California’s franchise relations law. The complaint seeks an order declaring that we did not properly exercise our
right of first refusal and to enjoin us from stopping a transaction for the sale of the restaurant franchises between
the estate and another franchisee. We have filed an answer and counterclaims as well as a motion seeking
declaratory judgment that we validly exercised our right of first refusal. On August 16, 2019, the Court ruled that
we validly exercised our first option to purchase only the restaurant franchises. Following the ruling, the parties
entered into a settlement agreement and mutual release that provided for the sale of the eight franchises to us for
$15.6M.
AA&S Food Service Corp., et al. v. McDonald’s Corporation, McDonald’s Systems de Puerto Rico, Inc., Golden
Arch Development Corporation, Inc., et al. (Case No. KAC07-0725 (603)). On January 29, 2007, the plaintiffs,
franchisees of various McDonald’s restaurants in Puerto Rico, filed a complaint against our predecessor, its
Puerto Rican companies, and others in the Puerto Rico Court of First Instance, San Juan, Puerto Rico. In 2008,
plaintiffs amended their complaint seeking a determination that the Puerto Rico franchise distribution law
(Law 75) governs the franchise agreements and relationships between the parties and that the defendants have
violated the provisions of Law 75, an injunction prohibiting the defendants from denying rewrites except for just
cause and from opening new McDonald’s restaurants or kiosks within 3 miles of plaintiffs’ restaurants, damages
of up to $66,725,000, attorney’s fees, and costs. The defendants agreed to settle this matter by paying
$15,780,655.92 for plaintiffs’ remaining twenty-three franchises and attorneys’ fees, and the parties exchanged
mutual releases.
José Quijano and JCQ Foods, Inc. v. McDonald’s USA, LLC, McDonald’s Systems de Puerto Rico, Inc. h/n/c
Arcos Dorados Puerto Rico, Inc., Golden Arch Development Corporation, Inc., et al. (Case No. CAC 402-20143456). On November 20, 2014, the owner of 14 McDonald’s restaurants in Puerto Rico and his operating entity,
filed a complaint against us, our predecessor’s Puerto Rican companies, Arcos Dorados Puerto Rico LLC, and
others in the Puerto Rico Court of First Instance, Arecibo, Puerto Rico, claiming that the defendants’ conduct
resulted in serious economic damage to the plaintiffs. The plaintiffs sought injunctive relief, monetary damages,
and a declaration that defendants’ alleged actions breached their obligations under the plaintiffs’ franchise
agreements, constitute a violation of the Puerto Rico franchise distribution law (Law 75), caused damages and
losses for non-fulfillment of contract and unfair competition, and constitute fault and negligence and willful intent
under the Civil Code of Puerto Rico. The defendants agreed to settle this matter by paying $6,319,344.08 for
plaintiffs’ remaining ten franchises and attorneys’ fees, and the parties exchanged mutual releases.
Antonio Bramante v. Les Restaurants McDonald du Canada Limitée (Case No. 500-06-000824-165). On
November 15, 2016, the plaintiff, as a representative for a class, filed an application in the Superior Court,
Province of Québec against our affiliate alleging it breached the Québec Consumer Protection Act in its display of
toys as part of the Happy Meal program. Our affiliate agreed to settle this matter by paying $1,440,000 CAD to
various charities and for attorneys’ fees and costs and implementing certain practice changes in exchange for a
general release and dismissal of all claims by plaintiff.

-8-

Sebastian E. Lentini, et al. v. McDonald’s USA, LLC, et al. (Case No. LCV2017217171). On September 18,
2017, plaintiff, a current franchisee, and his operating companies, filed a complaint against us and certain current
and former regional employees in Hudson County Superior Court, New Jersey. The complaint alleged a pattern
and practice of age discrimination, constructive termination of plaintiff’s franchises, and the existence of a
widespread, corporate policy aimed at terminating older, long-term franchisees. We agreed to settle this matter by
purchasing all six of plaintiff’s franchises for $22,000,000 and plaintiff agreed to a general release and to dismiss
all claims.
James Byrd, Jr. and Darrell Byrd v. McDonald’s USA, LLC and McDonald’s Corporation (Case No. 1:20-cv6447). On October 29, 2020, plaintiffs, two current franchisees, filed a complaint against us and our predecessor
in the U.S. District Court, Northern District of Illinois, Eastern Division, alleging that we and our predecessor
discriminated against Black franchisees on the basis of their race. The parties agreed to settle this matter by us
purchasing all four of the plaintiffs’ franchises for $6,500,000 and plaintiff agreed to a general release and to
dismiss all claims.
Herbert Washington et al. v. McDonald’s USA, LLC and McDonald’s Corporation (Case No. 4:21-cv00367). On February 16, 2021, plaintiff, a current franchisee, filed a complaint against us and our predecessor in
the U.S. District Court, Northern District of Ohio, Eastern Division, alleging that we and our predecessor
discriminated against him on the basis of his race. The parties agreed to settle this matter by us purchasing all
thirteen of the plaintiff’s franchises for $33,500,000 and plaintiff agreed to a general release and to dismiss all
claims.
Jeong-Su Kim, et al. v. McDonald’s USA, LLC and McDonald’s Corporation (Case No. 1:21-cv-05287). On
October 5, 2021, plaintiffs filed a complaint against us and our predecessor in the U.S. District Court, Northern
District of Illinois, Eastern Division, alleging that we failed to properly monitor and protect our servers, leading to
a cybersecurity breach in April 2021 in which plaintiffs’ personal information was compromised. After plaintiff
voluntarily dismissed McDonald’s USA, LLC, the parties agreed to settle this matter for $10,000 and plaintiff
agreed to a general release.
In the Matter of Stephen J. Easterbrook and McDonald’s Corporation (File No. 3-21269). In January 2023, our
predecessor entered into an administrative settlement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)
concerning certain of its proxy disclosures relating to the process behind former CEO Steve Easterbrook’s
separation from our predecessor in 2019. In connection with this settlement, and without admitting or denying the
SEC’s findings, our predecessor agreed to cease and desist from committing or causing any violations of Section
14(a) of the Exchange Act and Exchange Act Rule 14a-3. The SEC recognized our predecessor’s substantial
cooperation as well as the affirmative action taken by our predecessor to recover value for its shareholders by suing
Easterbrook and, as a result, imposed no monetary penalty.
Larry Clark et al. v. McDonald’s Corporation (Case. No. 3:22-cv-628). On March 28, 2022, plaintiff Larry Clark
filed a complaint against our predecessor in the U.S. District Court, Southern District of Illinois, Benton Division;
the complaint was later amended and additional plaintiffs were added. Two other complaints were filed in April
2022 in the U.S. District Court, Northern District of Illinois, by plaintiffs Ken McDowell and Joseph Collora, which
were consolidated in an amended complaint filed on July 1, 2022. The complaints all allege that our predecessor
represents that its food products are safe and sustainable but did not disclose that the packaging for certain food
items contain PFAS, or so-called “forever chemicals,” that may have adverse health effects. In December 2023,
our predecessor agreed to settle these cases on an individual basis by paying $145,000 in exchange for a release of
all claims.
Farah Gohari v. McDonald’s Corporation, et al. (Case No2016-CH-08261). On June 20, 2016, plaintiff filed a
complaint against our predecessor and our former franchisee of two O’Hare airport restaurants in the Circuit Court
of Cook County, Illinois, County Department, Chancery Division. Plaintiff alleges that the Digital Menu Board
prices at the two restaurants were lower than the prices at the register. Plaintiff’s initial complaint asserted claims
for common law fraud and violations of the Illinois Consumer Fraud Act (“ICFA”) and sought class certification,
injunctive relief, actual and compensatory damages, and attorneys’ fees and costs. On December 27, 2024, our
predecessor agreed to settle the dispute on an individual basis by paying $180,000 in exchange for a release of all
claims. The court dismissed the complaint on December 30, 2024.
-9-

Collection or Related Actions Filed in 2024 Against Franchisees
McDonald’s Corporation v. Rusi Pestonjee (Case No. CHC 07/2024 IP), filed on March 21, 2024 in the
Commercial High Court in Colombo, Sri Lanka.
Other than these actions, no litigation is required to be disclosed in this Item.

Item 4
Bankruptcy
No bankruptcy is required to be disclosed in this Item.

Item 5
Initial Fees
All franchisees pay a $45,000 lump sum initial franchise fee on the opening of the restaurant, except for:
(a) the McOpCo companies, which do not pay any initial franchise fee; (b) franchisees of locations having
10 years or less of real estate tenure will pay a prorated initial franchise fee based on the term of the franchise;
(c) in situations where we and a franchisee mutually agree on a term of 10 years or less, after considering such
factors as the restaurant location and its business potential, franchisees will pay a prorated initial franchise fee
based on the term of the franchise; (d) franchisees who rebuild or relocate their restaurants will pay the initial
franchise fee less a credit for a portion of the previously paid initial franchise fee, on the earlier of the first of the
month after the seventh year after the opening of the rebuilt or relocated restaurant, or the end of the previous
franchise term (see Item 7, note 1); (e) franchisees of Satellite locations, who are required to pay a $500 initial
franchise fee upon opening of the Satellite (except franchisees of Walmart locations, who pay no initial franchise
fee) and an annual fee (see Item 6); (f) franchisees of STO and STR locations pay a $22,500 lump sum initial
franchise fee; and (g) franchisees who have an option to purchase assets under a BFL pay the $45,000 initial
franchise fee when they exercise the option. The entire initial franchise fee will be refunded if the restaurant
construction is not completed within 1 year of the date the Franchise Agreement is signed. There are no refunds
under other circumstances.

Item 6
Other Fees
OTHER FEES
Type of fee
Royalty (1)

Amount
5% or 4% of Gross
Sales, depending on
the circumstances (2)

Due Date
Payable monthly on the
10th day of the next month.

Rent (1)

Varies (3)(4)

Base Rent:
Payable on the 1st day of
the month.
Pass Thru Rent, if applicable:
Payable on the 1st day of
the month.
Percentage Rent:
Payable monthly on the
10th day of the next month.

-10-

Remarks
“Gross Sales” include all revenues
from your sales based upon all
business conducted at or from the
restaurant, but exclude sales or use
tax.

Where we lease the land and/or
building, we will pass thru any rent
escalations which occur throughout
the lease term as pass thru rent.

Type of fee
Advertising and
Promotion (5)

Amount
Not less than 4% of
Gross Sales

Due Date
Spent during each calendar
year.

Audit/Inspection Fee (1)

Cost of audit

Immediately upon billing.

Satellite Annual Fee (1)

$500 to $2,500

Satellite Rent (1)

Varies (6)

STO and STR Rent (1)

Varies (3)(4)(7)

BFL Rent (1)
Relocation Contribution
(1)(9)
Sesame (1)(10)(11)

Varies (3)(8)
$50,000

On each anniversary of
opening or on a fixed date
annually.
Payable monthly on the
10th day of the next month.
Same as Base, Pass Thru and
Percentage Rent above.
Same as Rent above.
On opening of the relocated
restaurant.
Drafted in 12 monthly
installments on the 25th day
of each month through
iReceivables.

$1,133 annual fee

2,600 one-time fee
Global Mobile App /
Digital Capabilities
(1)(10)

$664 annual fee

McDelivery POS
Integration (1)(10)

$620 annual fee

Self-Ordering Kiosk
(1)(10)(11)

$1,500 one-time fee

$558 annual fee

Hand-Held Order Taker
(HHOT) (1)(10)

$50 annual fee
$500 one-time fee

eProduction (1)(10)

$47 annual fee

Back Office Integration
and Enhancements (1)(10)

$545 annual fee

One-time fee drafted via
iReceivables upon
installation
Drafted in 12 monthly
installments on the 25th day
of each month through
iReceivables.
Drafted in 12 monthly
installments on the 25th day
of each month through
iReceivables.
One-time fee billed through
construction projects
Drafted in 12 monthly
installments on the 25th day
of each month through
iReceivables
Drafted in 12 monthly
installments on the 25th day
of each month through
iReceivables.
Drafted in 12 monthly
installments on the 25th day
of each month through
iReceivables.
Drafted in 12 monthly
installments on the 25th day
of each month through
iReceivables.

-11-

Remarks
Most franchisees participate in local
advertising cooperatives and the
national advertising fund
(“OPNAD”). The contribution rates
are established by the franchisees
and, depending upon then-current
advertising costs and needs, may or
may not exceed the required 4% of
Gross Sales. “Grand Opening”
promotions are strongly
recommended.
Payable only if audit/inspection fee
shows an understatement of at least
2% of Gross Sales.

You pay this fee to us for the Sesame
Point of Sale system software
maintenance, integration and
localization.

You pay this fee to us for the
localization of digital technology
software.
You pay this fee to us for the support
and maintenance of McDelivery
orders integration into our POS
software.
Kiosk licensing fee is paid to us as
part of the standard construction
billing.
You pay this fee to us for kiosk
technology and kiosk accessibility
software maintenance, integration
and localization.
You pay this fee to us for Hand-Held
Order Taker (HHOT) annual
software maintenance.
This is an optional fee.
You pay this fee to us for the support
of eProduction software.
You pay this fee to us for the back
office integration and enhancements
to store system platform.

Type of fee
Payments and Fraud
Management
(1)(10)

Amount
$740 annual fee

Employee Engagement
Platforms (1)(10)

$385 annual fee

People Data Warehouse
(PDW) Reporting (1)(10)

$167 annual fee

McD Connect (1)(10)

$250 annual fee

Restaurant Employee
Experience Survey (1)(10)

$62 annual fee

Deployment, OTP,
Execution and Support
(1)(10)

$2,529 annual fee

Restaurant Network
Management, Access and
Security (1)(10)

$1,134 annual fee

Restaurant Hardware,
Data Movement,
Management, and
Monitoring (1)(10)
Restaurant File
Maintenance (RFM)
(1)(10)

$951 annual fee

Microsoft License
Subscription (1)(10)

$707 annual fee

Pricing Engine (1) (10)

$264 annual fee

DMB 2.0 (1)(10)(11)

$264 one-time fee

GRNT (1)(10)(11)

$185 annual fee

$690 annual fee

$491 one-time fee

Due Date
Drafted in 12 monthly
installments on the 25th day
of each month through
iReceivables.
Drafted in 12 monthly
installments on the 25th day
of each month through
iReceivables.
Drafted in 12 monthly
installments on the 25th day
of each month through
iReceivables.
Drafted in 12 monthly
installments on the 25th day
of each month through
iReceivables.
Drafted in 12 monthly
installments on the 25th day
of each month through
iReceivables.
Drafted in 12 monthly
installments on the 25th day
of each month through
iReceivables.
Drafted in 12 monthly
installments on the 25th day
of each month through
iReceivables.
Drafted in 12 monthly
installments on the 25th day
of each month through
iReceivables.
Drafted in 12 monthly
installments on the 25th day
of each month through
iReceivables.
Drafted in 12 monthly
installments on the 25th day
of each month through
iReceivables.
Drafted in 12 monthly
installments on the 25th day
of each month through
iReceivables.
One-time fee drafted upon
deployment through
iReceivables
Drafted in 12 monthly
installments on the 25th day
of each month through
iReceivables, once deployed.
One-time fee drafted upon
deployment through
iReceivables.

-12-

Remarks
You pay this fee to us for payments
and fraud management software and
related encryption services.
You pay this fee to us for the support
and maintenance of Fred and
Campus solutions and employee
engagement platform integrations.
You pay this fee to us for the support
and maintenance of people data
warehouse reporting platform.
This is an optional fee.
You pay this fee to us for the use of
McD Connect.
This is an optional fee
You pay this fee to us for the use of
Restaurant Employee Experience
Survey.
This is an optional fee.
You pay this fee to us for
deployment, OTP, execution and
support services.
You pay this fee to us for
maintaining secure and reliable
network infrastructure, identity
access management and security.
You pay this fee to us for restaurant
data movement, management,
monitoring and restaurant hardware
services.
You pay this fee to us for the
maintenance and support of
restaurant file maintenance (RFM)
software.
You pay this fee to us for Microsoft
annual license subscription.
You pay this fee to us for the use of
the Base Pricing Engine.
This is an optional fee.
You pay this fee to us for the
deployment of DMB 2.0
You pay the annual fee to us for the
maintenance of our Restaurant
Network Transformation.
You pay the one-time fee to us for
the deployment of GRNT.

Type of fee
Edge (1)(10)(11)

Store Mail (email
accounts) Fee (10)

Amount
$435 annual fee

Due Date
Drafted in 12 monthly
installments on the 25th day
of each month through
iReceivables, once deployed.

Remarks
You pay the annual fee to us for the
use of Edge computing technology.

$120 one-time fee

One-time fee drafted upon
deployment through
iReceivables.
Payable annually within
30 days of billing.

You pay the one-time fee to us for
the deployment of Edge.

$56.40 annual fee

You pay this fee to us for email
account support for using the
us.stores.mcd.com domain.

(1)

All fees are imposed and collected by and payable to McDonald’s. All fees are non-refundable and uniform
and we may draft miscellaneous receivables you may owe us. We will automatically draft rent and royalty
from your bank account according to the terms of the Franchise Agreement.

(2)

The royalty of 5% of Gross Sales applies on and after January 1, 2024, in the following scenarios: (i) a
franchisee opens a new restaurant; (ii) a franchisee purchases a restaurant as a result of a McOpCo sale;
and (iii) we exercise our right of first refusal on a franchisee sale transaction and then sell the restaurant to
another franchisee. The royalty of 4% of Gross Sales will continue to apply after January 1, 2024, in the
following circumstances with respect to existing restaurants operated by existing franchisees prior to
January 1, 2024: (i) family restaurant transactions and ownership transfers; (ii) existing franchisees sign
new term agreements on existing restaurants; (iii) existing franchisees complete the sale of an existing
restaurant to another franchisee; and (iv) the rebuild of an existing restaurant location.

(3)

The following is the rent structure for new and relocated traditional restaurants:
Percentage Rent with Monthly Base Rent and Pass Thru Rent, if applicable
Monthly Base Rent
Most restaurants will have a Monthly Base Rent. For a site where both the land and the building are
owned by McDonald’s or its affiliates, Monthly Base Rent is based upon the total amount invested by
McDonald’s in the acquisition and development of the land and the building. A finance factor is applied
to this amount to produce an appropriate return for McDonald’s. For a site where the land and/or building
is leased by McDonald’s from a third party, Monthly Base Rent is based upon the total amount invested
by McDonald’s in the acquisition and development of the land and the building as well as monthly rent
paid in the first year to a third party landlord. A finance factor is applied to each of these amounts to
produce an appropriate return for McDonald’s. You must pay this amount every month of the franchise
term.
Pass Thru Rent
For a site where the land and/or building is leased by McDonald’s, there may be rent escalations for
which McDonald’s is responsible under the lease which are above and beyond the original monthly rent
we paid to the landlord. For these rent escalations, McDonald’s will charge you pass thru rent which
must be paid every month the escalations are in effect. We do not apply a finance factor to the pass thru
rent.
Percentage Rent
The Percentage Rent for new and relocated traditional restaurants that open on or after January 14, 2026
is set to achieve a target allocation, or split, of the returns generated by the restaurant between the
franchisee and McDonald’s. The Percentage Rent is generally between 6% and 23% of Gross Sales.
McDonald’s provides the specific Percentage Rent associated with the new or relocated restaurant to the
franchisee before the franchisee signs the franchise agreement and lease for the restaurant. The
Percentage Rent generally increases during the first seven years of the first term of the franchise, and
starting in the eighth year of the franchise term, the minimum Percentage Rent is generally 11.50% of
Gross Sales. The total change in the Percentage Rent over the term of the franchise, using the Percentage
-13-

Rent in the first year of the franchise term as the baseline, will generally not exceed 3.50%, unless a larger
increase is required to reach the minimum 11.50%.
The Percentage Rent for new and relocated traditional restaurants is payable only if the monthly Gross
Sales exceed the monthly base sales figure which is computed by dividing the dollar amount of the
Monthly Base Rent by the Percentage Rent rate. If you are purchasing an existing restaurant from a
franchisee, the information in this footnote will not apply as you will be assuming the Monthly Base Rent
and Percentage Rent paid by the selling franchisee (except for any rent relief which is personal to the
selling franchisee).
As set forth in Item 17, you have no right to renew or extend your franchise. However, if we offer you a
new term franchise, the Percentage Rent associated with that franchise will be based on the then-current
policies. Under our current policy, the Percentage Rent for new term franchises will not be lower than the
Percentage Rent in the previous franchise term. Further, the Percentage Rent will remain the same unless
the current Percentage Rent rate is below 8.50%, in which case the rent for the new term franchise may be
raised to 8.50%. The Percentage Rent may also increase if: 1) McDonald’s has made additional
investments outside of our standard contributions to institutional programs such as rebuilds, relocations
and major remodels; 2) the Percentage Rent in the previous franchise term was temporarily reduced to
provide financial assistance and that temporary reduction does not extend to the entirety of the new
franchise term; or 3) you, or a previous franchisee while licensed to operate this location, and
McDonald’s entered into a separate agreement that includes scheduled Percentage Rent increases during
the new franchise term. For sites leased by McDonald’s, we may also charge you Pass Thru Rent for any
additional lease costs charged to McDonald’s in the new term franchise that are above the average lease
costs over the previous 20 years.
The percentages used in computing monthly payments based on Gross Sales are determined by
McDonald’s management in consideration of the rights being granted by the Franchise Agreement, the
drawing power of the McDonald’s restaurant, the value of the McDonald’s System as a whole and
McDonald’s interests in obtaining a profit in light of competitive conditions. All payments made by you
to McDonald’s constitute a single financial arrangement between you and McDonald’s which, taken as a
whole and without regard to any designation or description, reflect the value of the rights being made
available to you by McDonald’s and the services being rendered by McDonald’s during the franchise
term. The percentages may vary among franchises depending upon when the franchise was sold as well
as other factors. In unusual circumstances that involve special costs, the fees paid by you may be higher
than those outlined in this Item 6.
(4)

We have adopted a policy that allows co-investment in the building and site improvements of new and
relocated traditional, STO and STR restaurants for a reduction in the Percentage Rent and Monthly Base
Rent, if certain eligibility conditions are met. You are not required to participate under this policy. If the
eligibility conditions are met and you elect to co-invest, the co-invested amount is in addition to the initial
investment described in Item 7. The terms and criteria of this policy differ slightly for new and relocated
traditional, STO and STR restaurants and are listed below. We may apply, modify, or terminate this
policy at any time at our discretion.
Terms:
For new and relocated traditional, STO and STR restaurants, the general terms are as follows: (a) you
have the ability to reduce your stated Percentage Rent in increments of 0.25% (“Quarters”), down to the
applicable co-investment minimum stated rent; (b) the cost to co-invest is determined using a
standardized approach that blends the investment tiers and the Percentage Rent in the eighth year of the
franchise term and generally will not be less than $30,000 per Quarter; (c) you must pay the additional
investments to us; (d) you may pay the additional investments in cash or you may finance them, for up to
10 years, with your own lender (we do not arrange for any financing of these additional investments), but
you may not use the building or leasehold improvements as collateral for your loan; and (e) we will retain
full ownership of, and legal title to, the building and leasehold improvements, but you will get the tax
benefits associated with your co-investment amount. For new and relocated STO and STR restaurants, if
our investment is over $1,000,000, these terms will be decided on a case-by-case basis.
-14-

Co-Investment Criteria and Calculation for New Traditional Restaurants:
For new restaurants, the following criteria apply: (a) our real estate tenure at the location is at least
20 years; (b) the Percentage Rent is over 11.50%; (c) your franchise for the restaurant is 20 years; (d) if
the restaurant is on property leased by us, we do not pay any percentage rent to our landlord; and (e)
decision to co-invest must be made before the restaurant opens.
For new restaurants opened on or after January 14, 2026, there are two co-investment options available.
In both cases, the Percentage Rent starting in the eighth year of the franchise term is compared to a coinvestment floor. For the first option, the co-investment floor for the calculation (to determine the
number of Quarters available and maximum rent reduction) is 11.50%. When you select the actual
co-investment amount, the corresponding Percentage Rent reduction is applied to the rent structure that
was established for the restaurant prior to the co-investment decision. For the second option, the coinvestment floor for the calculation is 12.50%, but you are eligible to receive a partial refund of your coinvestment costs if the new restaurant does not achieve the sales volumes projected for the first year of the
franchise term by the third year of the franchise term.
Co-Investment Criteria and Calculation for Relocated Traditional Restaurants:
For relocated restaurants, the following criteria apply: (a) our real estate tenure at the location is at least
20 years; (b) your franchise for the restaurant is 20 years; and (c) if the restaurant is on property leased by
us, we do not pay any percentage rent to our landlord.
For relocated restaurants, the co-investment floor (for the calculation to determine the number of Quarters
available and maximum rent reduction) is the existing restaurant’s stated percentage rent or 11.50%,
whichever is lower, but not below 8.50%. When you select the actual co-investment amount, the
corresponding percentage rent reduction is applied to the rent structure that was established for the
restaurant prior to the co-investment decision.
Co-Investment Criteria and Calculation for New and Relocated STO and STR Restaurants:
For new and relocated STO and STR restaurants, the following criteria apply: (a) our real estate tenure at
the location is at least 10 years; (b) our development costs are more than $640,000; (c) the Percentage
Rent is over 9.0% for STR and 9.5% for STO; (d) your franchise for the restaurant is 10 years; and (e) if
the restaurant is on property leased by us, we do not pay any uncapped percentage rent to our landlord.
For new and relocated STO and STR restaurants, the co-investment floor (for the calculation to determine
the number of Quarters available and maximum rent reduction) is 9.0% for STR and 9.5% for STO.
When you select the actual co-investment amount, the corresponding percentage rent reduction is applied
to the rent structure that was established for the restaurant prior to the co-investment decision, but the rent
may not be reduced below 9.0% for STR and 9.5% for STO.
(5)

Not payable to us. While the McOpCo companies are voting members of the local advertising funds and
OPNAD, they do not have controlling voting power.

(6)

All Satellite restaurants (other than McDonald’s in Walmart (MIW) restaurants) will have an Annual or
Monthly Base Rent. The rent charged is determined on a case-by-case basis by our management. The
rent will vary depending on our investment, rent paid to the head landlord, length of term, projected
profitability, and return on investment. MIW restaurants will pay Fixed Percentage Rent, which generally
ranges from 14% to 15½% of Gross Sales, and is based on the actual sales volume for the MIW
restaurant.

(7)

The following is the rent structure for STO and STR locations:

-15-

Small Town Oil and Small Town Retail Locations Percentage Rent with Monthly Base Rent
Monthly Base Rent
All restaurants will have a Monthly Base Rent. For STO and STR locations, Monthly Base Rent is
calculated in the same manner as described in this Item, note 3. You must pay this amount every month
of the franchise term.
Percentage Rent
The Percentage Rent for STO and STR locations that opened on or after May 28, 2014, is generally
computed as follows:
McDonald’s Total Acquisition and Development Costs
More Than
Up to
$0.00
$640,000
$640,000.01
$670,000
$670,000.01
$700,000
$700,000.01
$730,000
$730,000.01
$760,000
$760,000.01
$820,000
$820,000.01
$880,000
$880,000.01
$940,000
$1,000,000
$940,000.01
$1,000,000.01
and above

Percentage Rent
STO
STR
9.50%
9.00%
9.75%
9.25%
10.00%
9.50%
10.25%
9.75%
10.50%
10.00%
10.75%
10.25%
11.00%
10.50%
11.25%
10.75%
11.50%
11.00%
Established on a case by case basis

Pass Thru Rent
For leased locations, restaurants may have a monthly pass thru rent, which is calculated in the same
manner as described above in Note 3.
(8)

The rent structure for BFLs is determined by us on a case-by-case basis. A BFL franchise may be offered
by McDonald’s after considering various factors, including your personal financial net worth and
liquidity, projected pre-opening and opening expenses at the proposed restaurant, and the projected sales
volume and operating expenses at the proposed restaurant during the first 3 years of operation. Under a
BFL you may have a conditional option to purchase the franchise and the restaurant equipment, signs, and
certain other assets after the first year of the franchise term. The minimum option price for new and
existing restaurants is determined by McDonald’s on a case-by-case basis.

(9)

The relocation contribution is required if you relocate your restaurant to a new site.

(10)

These fees are subject to periodic review and may increase over time.

(11)

One-time fees are paid for new and existing restaurants that adopt the specified technology.

-16-

Item 7
Estimated Initial Investment
YOUR ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT
Type of
expenditure
Initial Franchise
Fee
Real Estate and
Building – 3
Months’ rent (5)

Signs, Seating,
Equipment, and
Decor
Opening
Inventory
Miscellaneous
Opening
Expenses
Travel and
Living Expenses
While Traveling
Additional Funds
– 3 Months
TOTAL (11)

Method of
payment
Lump Sum

Amount
$45,000 (1)
$22,500 (1) (2)
$0 to $500 (3) (4)
Base Rent $0 to $313,000 (6)
$0 to $60,000 (2) (6)
$0 to $65,000 (3) (6)
Percentage Rent 0.00% to 29.00% (7)
0.00% to 15.00% (2)
0.00% to 15.00% (3)

Monthly

When due
On opening (1)

To whom payment is
to be made
McDonald’s

Lump Sum

Base:
Current month
Base Rent due
1st of the month
Percent:
10th of following
month
Before Opening

McDonald’s

Vendors

$1,100,000 to $1,785,000 (8)
$735,000 to $1,295,000 (2) (8)
$375,000 to $840,000 (3) (8)
$20,000 to $39,000
$16,000 to $31,000 (2)
$14,000 to $45,000 (3)
$54,000 to $66,000

Lump Sum

Before Opening

Vendors

As Incurred

As Incurred

Vendors
Utilities

$2,000 to $41,000 (9)

As Incurred

As Incurred

$250,000 to $439,000 (10)
$185,000 to $278,000 (2) (10)
$80,000 to $136,000 (3) (10)
$1,471,000 to $2,728,000 (5) (11)
$1,014,500 to $1,793,500 (2) (11)
$525,000 to $1,193,500 (3) (11)

As Incurred

As Incurred

Airlines
Hotels
Restaurants
Employee
Suppliers
Utilities

(1)

Franchisees who rebuild or relocate their restaurants will pay the initial franchise fee on the earlier of:
(a) the first of the month after the seventh year after the opening of the rebuilt or relocated restaurant; or
(b) the end of the previous franchise term.

(2)

Applies to STO and STR locations.

(3)

Applies to Satellites.

(4)

See Item 5.

(5)

McDonald’s acquires real estate and building and franchises the right to operate at the location. Amounts
shown as rent are part of the overall economic package of fees as described in Item 6.

(6)

Special site restaurants may be higher.

(7)

See Item 6, note 4.

(8)

Varies due to size of building, location, estimated sales volume, transportation charges and sales tax. If
you request changes to the building, payment for the requested changes may be required before signing
the Franchise Agreement. The cost of current Store Systems range from $150,000 to $250,000, which
includes the POS, Cashless System, indoor and outdoor digital menu boards, kiosks, table locators,
computer hardware, software, and related equipment.
-17-

(9)

Cost varies due to distances from Field Offices and headquarters in Chicago, Illinois, and costs of living
in various areas of the country.

(10)

You may or may not need capital to support ongoing expenses, such as employee wages, utilities, payroll
taxes, legal and accounting fees, travel, advertising, promotion, outside services, linen, operating supplies,
small equipment, maintenance and repair, office supplies, cash shortages, insurance, debt service, and
non-product purchases, as well as additional opening capital for other variable costs. These figures are
estimates and McDonald’s cannot guarantee that you will not have additional expenses starting the
business. Your costs will depend on factors such as how well you follow McDonald’s methods and
procedures; the sales volume of your restaurant; your management skill, experience, and business
acumen; local economic conditions; the local market for our product; the prevailing wage rate;
competition; your rent structure; and whether your restaurant is an STO, STR, or a Satellite location.
Restaurants opening in cold weather months may be more likely to need capital in the initial 3-month
period because restaurant sales are typically lower.

(11)

We have relied on the combined 70 years of restaurant business experience that we and our predecessor
have to compile these estimates. You should review these figures carefully with a business advisor before
making any decision to purchase the franchise. These figures do not include percentage rent or royalty.
We have offered and continue to offer for sale restaurants owned by McOpCo companies. Of the 31 sales
of McOpCo transactions in 2024, 9 of them exceeded the high end of the initial investment range,
including by $65,593, $168,053, $388,069, $532,141, $582,364, $1,373,068, $1,459,004, $1,559,604 and
$2,035,816, respectively.

Item 8
Restrictions on Sources of Products and Services
Except as noted below, McDonald’s does not require that you purchase or lease goods, services, supplies,
fixtures, equipment, inventory, or computer hardware and software from McDonald’s or our designees in the
establishment or operation of your McDonald’s restaurant business. As described below, we require that these
items and sources of supply meet the specifications, requirements, and standards that McDonald’s has, in its sole
business judgment, formulated for use in the McDonald’s System. Except when an ongoing restaurant business is
sold, or except as otherwise noted, neither McDonald’s nor any affiliate sells fixtures, equipment, food, or
supplies to our franchisees; and none of our officers own any interest in any of our approved suppliers.
McDonald’s may negotiate with approved suppliers in an effort to seek favorable offers for the benefit of the
McDonald’s System (including offers on price and other purchasing terms). However, our franchisees are free to
negotiate their own purchasing terms with approved suppliers at any time. In certain instances, if you participate
in programs involving the test or early implementation of new products, equipment, software, or other items, we
may install these items in your restaurant at our cost. If these products, equipment, software, or other items are
ultimately approved for use in your restaurant, you may be required to reimburse us for the items and related
costs. These obligations will be specified in the test or early implementation letter signed by you and
McDonald’s.
McDonald’s strives for the maintenance of quality and uniformity throughout the McDonald’s System
by identifying standards for the purchasing, distribution, preparation, and service of goods, services, supplies,
fixtures, equipment, inventory, and computer hardware and software. We consider the specifications,
requirements, and/or standards for food, equipment, information technology, purchasing, distribution,
preparation, marketing, PR and brand reputation, and service to be of critical importance to the success of the
McDonald’s System, and therefore require that you deal only with suppliers and agencies that have been
approved by us. If you desire to use a particular supplier not already approved by McDonald’s and if that
supplier meets the specifications and requirements of the McDonald’s System, then that supplier may, under
conditions described below, become an approved supplier for your specific restaurant. Costs associated with
gaining approval status may be your responsibility and/or the supplier’s where existing suppliers are capable of
providing an existing product. Detailed food product specifications are not generally issued to franchisees, but
may be made available upon your request to us and upon your agreeing to maintain certain confidentiality
-18-

obligations. Other food preparation and equipment requirements and standards are provided to you in our
Operations and Training Manual and through other publications provided to our franchisees.
In order for a supplier to be accepted by McDonald’s as an approved source of supply, a request for
acceptance must be forwarded to our Supply Chain Management Department and other appropriate departments
for consideration. The designated Supply Chain Management professional applies the following general criteria
in considering whether the supplier will be designated as an approved source of supply:
(1)
Ability to consistently make the manufactured product to McDonald’s standards, requirements,
and/or specifications.
(2)
Agreement to protect McDonald’s confidential information and the secrets behind the uniqueness
of McDonald’s products from dissemination to others, through production of private brand name products for
McDonald’s.
(3)
Production, delivery, and service capability, be it local or national, to meet supply and service
commitments as well as to insure safe food as specified by McDonald’s.
(4)
Integrity of ownership (to assure that its association with McDonald’s would not bring ill will
upon McDonald’s or be inconsistent with McDonald’s image).
(5)
(6)
Suppliers.

Financially sound condition.
Compliance with all federal, state, and local laws and McDonald’s Code of Conduct for

McDonald’s may elect not to accept a supplier as an approved supplier if McDonald’s determines, in its
sole judgment, that there are a sufficient number of approved suppliers at that time for the McDonald’s System.
There may be instances in which alternative suppliers cannot be approved because the nature of the product or
service requires use of one, or a limited number of, suppliers in order to realize efficiencies or protect the interests
of the McDonald’s System overall.
Approved suppliers must maintain standards in accordance with our written specifications and
requirements. On a routine and continuing basis, McDonald’s may visit and inspect the operations of approved
suppliers and consult with them to ensure compliance with our standards, requirements, and specifications, as
well as to assure compliance with federal, state, and local laws and McDonald’s Code of Conduct for Suppliers.
Termination of a supplier as an approved source of supply may occur by written notice to or personal meeting
with the supplier. We advise our franchisees as soon as possible when a supplier is disapproved.
Insurance sources are approved upon submission of a policy meeting our specifications. Coverage must
be at least as comprehensive as the minimum requirements of the Franchise Agreement, and in some cases may be
higher if required by local law, landlords, property owners, or other third parties. The Franchise Agreement
provides that all insurance be placed with a reputable insurance company licensed to do business in the state in
which the restaurant premises are located, having both a financial size category equal to or greater than IX and a
rating of “A+” or “A” as determined by Alfred M. Best and Company, Inc.
Except as noted below, neither we nor our affiliates derive revenue from your purchase or lease of
property, goods, services, supplies, fixtures, equipment, inventory, or computer hardware and software from
approved sources of supply. We have no purchasing or distribution cooperatives. We do not provide any
material benefits to a franchisee based on your use of approved sources of supply.
Under the franchise you are required to lease the restaurant premises from us, under an Operator’s Lease
that is incorporated into the Franchise Agreement. Under the Operator’s Lease, you are required to pay rent to
McDonald’s, along with the related occupancy costs, which include property taxes, insurance, maintenance, and
structural repairs. McDonald’s derives revenue from this leasing arrangement, as detailed in Item 6.
-19-

McDonald’s requires new restaurants to use a standard POS platform, Sesame. The computer hardware
for Sesame is purchased through our approved POS suppliers. The Sesame computer software is owned and
maintained by our predecessor. Included in the payments you make for the Sesame computer software is a onetime license fee and a payment for the Sesame software maintenance for the first year, both of which are paid to
us and which we will pay to our predecessor. After the first year, you are billed by McDonald’s for an annual
maintenance fee that is paid to our predecessor for providing periodic updates and enhancements to the Sesame
software (see Item 6).
McDonald’s allows franchisees to offer customers the ability to make purchases with certain credit and
debit cards, using a specified Cashless 3.0 System (the “Cashless System”). All franchisees participate in this
program. The Cashless System is designed to work with the POS platform. The Cashless System must be
installed and linked to your POS system by installers that we approve. In addition, your restaurant must have
required hardware and software purchased from and installed by our designated suppliers. Finally, you must sign
an agreement with our designated transaction processors and pay the processors certain transaction processing
fees. We also recommend that your restaurant have McDonald’s approved high-speed internet access. If you
elect to participate, the detailed terms will be provided to you.
McDonald’s allows franchisees to offer customers the ability to buy and make purchases with gift cards,
using a specified system (the “Gift Card System”). The Gift Card System is designed to work with the POS
platform and the Cashless System. The Gift Card System is provided and managed by P2W, Inc. NFP (“P2W”),
an independent non-profit corporation. P2W is not our affiliate, but is managed by a board of directors that
includes our employees and franchisees. If you elect to use the Gift Card System, your restaurant must have the
Cashless System and use designated equipment that is purchased from designated suppliers. In addition, you
must sign a subscription agreement with P2W, purchase training materials, and sign a contract with the
transaction processor designated by P2W, under which you will be required to pay the processor certain
transaction processing fees. Currently, P2W pays for the production costs of the gift cards and certain other
expenses. If you elect to participate, the detailed terms will be provided to you. The Gift Card System is not
related to the gift certificate program described in Item 11.
In connection with implementing the Cashless and the Gift Card systems, we may negotiate and enter into
agreements with suppliers, installers, and transaction processing companies under which we may receive certain
payments. We may use these payments to help support future technological innovation. For convenience, these
uses may be referred to internally as “technology funds.” However, we do not operate any actual legally
segregated, dedicated, trust, or restricted-use funds for technology development. With respect to the Gift Card
System, we may also provide certain administrative services (such as accounting services) to P2W at our actual
cost. We do not derive any revenue from this arrangement.
In 2024, we and our predecessor received $39,008,767 in loan guarantee service fees, cashless incentives,
and beverage supplier rebates.
In 2024, our total revenue was about $10.63 billion and revenue from the sale or lease of real estate and
services to franchisees was about $7.21 billion. This represents 68% of our total revenue. These figures were
derived from our audited financial statements and other financial information. All of your required purchases
(which includes items which must be purchased from us or our approved suppliers and items which must be
purchased in accordance with specifications) represent approximately 90% to 95% of your total purchases in
connection with the establishment of the restaurant and approximately 55% to 65% of your overall purchases in
operating the restaurant.
Occasionally, we may incur additional costs and expenses to develop or improve certain products or
services for the benefit of the McDonald’s System (including but not limited to, goods, equipment, computer
hardware and software, and support services), which ultimately may be provided to McDonald’s restaurants by
approved suppliers. We may seek to recover all or a portion of these additional costs and expenses from our
franchisees and/or the approved suppliers. If that recovery is obtained from the approved suppliers, it may be
reflected in the prices they quote for these products or services.
See Item 10 for disclosure on financing fees that may be received by McDonald’s.
-20-

Item 9
Franchisee’s Obligations
FRANCHISEE’S OBLIGATIONS
This table lists your principal obligations under the franchise and other agreements. It will help
you find more detailed information about your obligations in these agreements and in other items of this
disclosure document.
a.
b.
c.

Obligation
Site selection and
acquisition/lease
Pre-opening purchase/leases

d.
e.

Site development and other
pre-opening requirements
Initial and ongoing training
Opening

f.

Fees

g.

Compliance with standards
and policies/operating manual
h. Trademarks and proprietary
information
i. Restrictions on
products/services offered
j. Warranty and customer service
requirements
k. Territorial development and
sales quotas
l. Ongoing product/service
purchases
m. Maintenance, appearance, and
remodeling requirements (1)
n.

Insurance (1)

o.
p.

Advertising
Indemnification

q.
r.

Owner’s participation/
management/staffing
Records and reports

s.

Inspections and audits

t.

Transfer

u.
v.

Renewal
Post-termination obligations

w. Non-competition covenants
x. Dispute resolution

(1)

Section in agreement
Sections 1(a) and 1(b) of Franchise Agreement and
Sections 2.01 and 2.04 of Operator’s Lease
Section 12(b) of Franchise Agreement and Sections 2.04
and 2.06 of Operator’s Lease
Sections 12(b), 12(c) and 12(d) of Franchise Agreement
Sections 3 and 6 of Franchise Agreement
Section 12(b) of Franchise Agreement and Section 2.06
of Operator’s Lease
Sections 8(a) and 9 of Franchise Agreement and
Sections 3.01(A) and 3.01(B) of Operator’s Lease
Sections 1(c), 1(d), 4, and 12 of Franchise Agreement and
Section 2.08 of Operator’s Lease
Sections 2(a)(iii), 4, 11(c), 11(d), 11(e), and 28(g) of
Franchise Agreement
Sections 1(c) and 12(i) of Franchise Agreement and
Section 2.08 of Operator’s Lease
Sections 1(a), 1(c), 12(a), and 12(h)(iii) of Franchise
Agreement
Not Applicable
Sections 12(a), 12(g), 12(i), and 12(j) of Franchise
Agreement
Sections 12(a), 12(d), and 12(e) of Franchise Agreement
and Sections 2.06, 2.08, 4.02, 4.03, and 6.05 of
Operator’s Lease
Section 17 of Franchise Agreement and Section 6 of
Operator’s Lease
Section 5 of Franchise Agreement
Section 24 of Franchise Agreement and Section 7.02 of
Operator’s Lease
Sections 1(e), 6, 12(g), and 13 of Franchise Agreement
Section 10 of Franchise Agreement and Sections 3.02 and
3.03 of Operator’s Lease.
Sections 10 and 12 of Franchise Agreement and
Sections 3.03 and 7.01 of Operator’s Lease
Section 15 of Franchise Agreement and Section 4.06 of
Operator’s Lease
Not Applicable. Section 28(a) of Franchise Agreement
Sections 11(b) and 20 of Franchise Agreement and
Section 7.04 of Operator’s Lease
Sections 11(a) and 11(b) of Franchise Agreement
Not Applicable

Disclosure document item
Items 7 & 11
Items 7 & 8
Items 6, 7, & 11
Item 11
Item 7
Items 5, 6, 7, & 11
Item 11
Items 13 & 14
Items 8 & 16
Not Applicable
Not Applicable
Item 8
Item 11
Item 8
Items 6 & 11
Item 9
Items 11 & 15
Item 11
Items 6 & 11
Item 17
Item 17
Item 17
Item 17
Item 17

If your restaurant is located in an STO location, you may be required to maintain the common areas
within the shared building and all external common areas for the fuel facility operator and to obtain
certain utilities and insurance for the fuel facility operator, subject to reimbursement for a portion of all
-21-

such costs from the fuel facility operator. If your restaurant is located in an STR location, you may be
required to maintain a proportionate share of external common areas and obtain insurance for certain
common areas.

Item 10
Financing
Typically, no financing arrangements are offered by McDonald’s. As part of the Franchise Agreement,
McDonald’s issues an Operator’s Lease for each site owned or leased by McDonald’s. The Operator’s Lease is a
standard commercial lease under which you pay rent to McDonald’s for use of the premises. The Operator’s
Lease does not contain any financing terms. For BFL franchises, the Operator’s Lease provides for the lease of
the restaurant’s business facilities as well as the premises. The BFL arrangement does not contain any financing
terms but may provide a conditional option for you to purchase certain restaurant assets from us for a lump sum
(see Item 6). In that case, a BFL Rider which contains the option is attached to the Franchise Agreement. The
BFL Rider is attached as Exhibit F, and the Operator’s Lease is attached as Exhibit G.
Our predecessor may, at its discretion, guarantee loans made by a third party lender, Bank of America,
N.A., a National Banking Association (the “Lender”), to franchisees and registered applicants for remodeling
existing restaurants, acquiring restaurant businesses, purchasing restaurant assets by exercising the option under a
BFL Rider, and for other reasons approved by McDonald’s. The Lender will prepare all the necessary documents
and will handle the processing, payments, customer service, and collections according to standards developed by
us. Our predecessor will provide a guarantee to the Lender for these obligations and in return will receive a
guarantee fee (currently equal to 1.50% of average outstanding balance) in consideration for the risks and costs
associated with the guaranteed loans. The rate on these loans will typically be Term Secured Overnight Financing
Rate (“SOFR”) plus the SOFR adjustment (currently 0.10%) plus a percentage to be determined by the Lender
and our predecessor (initially, three percent (3.00%) and subject to change as agreed upon in writing by Lender
and our predecessor) which may be prepaid with no penalty. As of March 17, 2025, Term Rate SOFR was 4.42%
(inclusive of SOFR adjustment of 0.10%). Loans terms typically will range from 3 to 5 years with a 7-year
amortization. They will be secured by restaurant equipment, seating, signage, decor, and inventory. The loan
amount will vary depending on the purpose for which the loan is to be used. A personal guarantee from the
franchisee and his or her spouse will be required and, should a legal dispute arise, the franchisee agrees to waive
the right to a jury trial and agrees not to consolidate the action with others. A default on these loans will be
considered a default under the Franchise Agreement, and the franchisee will be required to sign an Operator
Assistance Program Agreement with us (see Exhibit N). As part of the Operator Assistance Program Agreement,
the franchisee agrees to waive all claims against McDonald’s. As of March 17, 2025, the annual percentage rate
(APR) was 7.42%. All loan participants will be required to permit electronic debiting of accounts for payment.
The financing documents are typically a Promissory Note, Security Agreement, Authorization for ACH Drafting
of Loan Payments, and Operator Assistance Program Agreement similar to the documents in Exhibit N.

Item 11
Franchisor’s Assistance, Advertising, Computer Systems, and Training
Except as listed below, McDonald’s is not required to provide you with any assistance.
Our Pre-Opening Obligations:
Construct or have others construct, remodel, or otherwise prepare the premises for the McDonald’s restaurant in
accordance with our then-current plans and specifications and with local ordinances and building codes. We will
deliver the premises to you when they are sufficiently completed to allow you to install, at your sole cost and
expense, the signs, trade fixtures, equipment, and other personal property and improvements necessary to
complete the premises for operation of a McDonald’s restaurant. If the restaurant has not been constructed or is
not ready for occupancy when the Franchise Agreement is executed, we will use our best efforts to expedite the
construction. We either own the premises or lease it from the owner and lease or sublease the premises to you
(Franchise Agreement – Section 9, Operator’s Lease – Section 2.06).

-22-

Prescribe detailed specifications for purchasing, preparation, and service, and make available to you names of
approved sources of supply. We do not sell or lease to you equipment, signs, fixtures, opening inventories, or
supplies or deliver or install these items except as noted in Item 8 or when we sell or lease an ongoing business to
you (Franchise Agreement – Sections 3, 12(b), and 12(i), Operator’s Lease – Section 2.04). See Items 8 and 9.
Provide our training program to you, which includes your enrolling your managers at Hamburger University or
other training centers. The training program is more fully described in this Item (Franchise Agreement –
Sections 4 and 6).
McDonald’s will allow you to view McDonald’s Operations and Training Manual (the “O&T Manual”) before
you purchase the franchise (Franchise Agreement – Section 4).
Our Operational Obligations:
Advise and consult with you periodically and at other reasonable times upon your request in connection with the
operation of the restaurant. We will communicate to you our knowledge of new developments, techniques, and
improvements in areas of restaurant management, food preparation, and service which are pertinent to the
operation of a restaurant using the McDonald’s System. The communications will be accomplished by visits by
operations consultants, printed reports, seminars, newsletter mailings, emails, and online resources. We will
make available to you all additional services, facilities, rights, and privileges relating to the operation of the
restaurant that we make generally available to all our franchisees operating McDonald’s restaurants (Franchise
Agreement – Section 3).
Make available to you the O&T Manual and any other business manuals prepared and modified by us for use by
our franchisees in connection with the operation of a McDonald’s restaurant. These manuals contain detailed
information including: (a) required operations procedures; (b) methods of inventory control; (c) bookkeeping and
accounting procedures; (d) business practices and policies; and (e) other management and advertising policies
(Franchise Agreement – Section 4).
Advertising Programs:
We employ advertising and marketing consultants to participate in the formulation and production of concepts
and materials for production and media placement of national programs for the McDonald’s System. Our
in-house advertising and marketing departments develop overall direction and strategy for the national programs
and recommend them to franchisees. Advertising and marketing programs are placed in national and local media
including, but not limited to, print, radio, television, outdoor, point of sale, direct mail, and the Internet. We do
not maintain an advertising or marketing fund nor do we have any obligation to make placement of programs in
the media. You must advertise and promote your restaurant to the general public and spend at least 4% of the
restaurant Gross Sales each year for this purpose, unless otherwise agreed to by us. For new, rebuilt, relocated,
and remodeled restaurants, we strongly recommend the use of “grand opening” promotions. You must use only
advertising and marketing materials and programs that we have provided to you or approved in advance in
writing. All advertising and marketing must also conform to the standards and policies of the McDonald’s
System relating to the trademarks and service marks. Advertising and marketing by cooperatives are subject to
the same approval requirements. Your expenditures for OPNAD and local cooperative advertising and/or
marketing of the McDonald’s System are credited to this required expenditure. You are not required to participate
in OPNAD or a local cooperative; however, your consistent involvement with OPNAD and local cooperatives is
one of several factors used to measure your compliance with the Operator Involvement standard, which is one of
the National Franchising Standards. Also, if you decide not to participate in a cooperative, you may not gain
access to that cooperative’s advertising and marketing programs (Franchise Agreement – Section 5). See Items 6
and 9.
OPNAD and the local cooperatives are independent entities formed by franchisees. The McOpCo companies that
operate restaurants also participate in OPNAD and the local cooperatives. These cooperatives carry out programs
to advertise and market cooperative restaurants. Each cooperative maintains and administers its own advertising
and marketing fund, which is funded by its members. The funds may be used for media placement and to develop
and produce advertising and marketing concepts and materials for use by cooperative restaurants. Individual
-23-

franchisee and McOpCo-owned restaurants contribute to OPNAD and the local funds on the same basis. Each
franchisee member of OPNAD pledges the same contribution rate, currently 2.25% of sales, for a designated
period. Each local cooperative establishes its own separate contribution rate and time period for its fund. If you
join a local cooperative, you contribute at the same rate as each other member of the cooperative with similar
restaurants or restaurants located in the same general area.
Members of OPNAD elect or designate regional representatives with operating and decision making powers to
conduct cooperative business. Local cooperative members participate in cooperative business according to the
rules and procedures established by each cooperative. McOpCo companies that operate restaurants are members
of OPNAD and the local cooperatives. Neither McDonald’s nor the McOpCo companies can change or dissolve
OPNAD or the local cooperatives.
The OPNAD fund is independently audited annually and its financial statements are available for review. The
local cooperatives generally audit their fund and prepare financial statements, which are available for review;
however, requirements vary among the cooperatives. The cooperative advertising and marketing funds are
intended for uses and allocated in varying percentages designated by each cooperative, including production,
media placement, and administrative expenses.
We provide the services of certain marketing, legal, and accounting personnel to the OPNAD fund without
charge. That fund administers a gift certificate program on behalf of all of its members for the redemption of gift
certificates sold to customers at McDonald’s restaurants. Charges for certain other accounting personnel who
provide services to the fund and the gift certificate program are included in the administrative costs for the
OPNAD fund. The gift certificate program is not related to the Gift Card System described in Item 8.
We are not required to spend any amount to advertise or promote your restaurant in any manner. Since we do not
administer or maintain an advertising or marketing fund, there are no unexpended advertising fees used by us.
We do not use advertising or marketing funds in any manner to solicit the sale of McDonald’s franchises.
Computer Systems:
The term “Store Systems” describes the combined hardware and software application suite deployed at the
restaurant. The Store Systems are generally used in the restaurant to efficiently and accurately process customer
orders by integrating production and service systems and to compile information including sales, transactions,
product mix, and cash control. The Store Systems also may be used to compile inventory, labor, and timekeeping
information about the restaurant. All new restaurants must install the current Store Systems, though usage of some
functionality available through the Store Systems is optional and up to your discretion. The cost of current Store
Systems range from $150,000 to $250,000, which includes the POS, Cashless System, indoor and outdoor digital
menu boards, kiosks, table locators, computer hardware, software, and related equipment. See Item 6 for softwarerelated fees.
Enhancements to hardware and software components of Store Systems are made available by McDonald’s and
McDonald’s-approved suppliers for purchase by you, and you may be required to update or upgrade the Store
Systems periodically to meet McDonald’s standards. Normal Store Systems software upgrades based on an
established enhancement request process are included in your annual maintenance fee as determined by
McDonald’s. However, you must pay a one-time fee if the Store Systems change significantly. You may choose
from an approved supplier or an approved independent third party for installation, maintenance, repair, and support
services of Store Systems at varying costs.
One component of Store Systems is the POS platform. McDonald’s requires new restaurants to use the current
version of the POS platform, Sesame. The hardware and software for Sesame are purchased through McDonald’sapproved POS suppliers. The hardware and software components for Sesame have been integrated into the service
and production systems of the restaurant. Sesame is the proprietary property of McDonald’s predecessor.
The restaurant’s transaction-level information generated by the POS, including sales, transactions, and product mix
information, is stored on your server hardware and transmitted to McDonald’s and held on its servers. McDonald’s
has independent access to this information and there are no contractual limits on its right to access such information.
-24-

Another component of the Store Systems is the Cashless System, which is used to accept credit and debit card
purchases by customers. You must purchase the Cashless System hardware and software that McDonald’s specifies
(including card readers, cables, and related hardware) from its designated supplier. The required hardware and
software, which is not proprietary to McDonald’s or any affiliate, has been used continuously in McDonald’s
restaurants since June 2003. You must also sign an agreement with McDonald’s designated transaction processors
(see Item 8), and McDonald’s recommends that the restaurant has McDonald’s approved high-speed internet access.
The Cashless System that is compatible with the current Store Systems is Cashless 3.0. McDonald’s charges an
annual fee for maintenance and hosting of cashless transaction data (see Item 6). Your POS system and the
transaction processor will collect your cashless transaction information. McDonald’s has independent access to
aggregated transaction-level information, along with information on the number and dollar amount of specific
cashless transactions.
The Gift Card System, which is a component of the Cashless System, is used to offer customers the ability to buy
and make purchases with gift cards. To use the Gift Card System, you must sign a subscription agreement with
P2W, Inc., which manages the system (see Item 8), and purchase specified hardware (including card readers, cables,
and related hardware) from a designated supplier. This hardware, which is not proprietary to McDonald’s or any
affiliate, has been used continuously in McDonald’s restaurants since June 2004. You also must sign an agreement
with a designated transaction processor (see Item 8). No other hardware or suppliers are currently approved for the
Gift Card System. Your POS system, the transaction processor, and P2W will collect your Gift Card System
transaction information. McDonald’s has independent access to aggregated transaction-level information, along
with information on the number and dollar amount of specific gift card transactions.
With both the Cashless and Gift Card systems, you may need to upgrade or update your hardware or software
during the term of your franchise. There are no contractual limitations on the frequency or cost of these upgrades
or updates.
Finally, pursuant to the franchise agreement, you must provide McDonald’s with monthly statements of all receipts
from the restaurant operation and additional financial, operating, and other information on forms and in the manner
McDonald’s reasonably requests. To that end, you must submit electronically each month your financial statements,
including your consolidated balance sheet, consolidated general and administrative expense statement, consolidated
debt summary, and individual restaurant profit and loss statement(s), using McDonald’s web-based Franchisee
Financial System (FFS).
Site Selection:
We select the site for location of the restaurant premises and negotiate the location’s purchase or lease. You do
not select or approve restaurant sites. You will not sign a Franchise Agreement unless we have already selected
the site.
We utilize our judgment and experience in selecting locations for McDonald’s restaurants based upon population
density, traffic patterns, market statistics, proximity of shopping centers, schools, competition, accessibility of
utility and public services, costs of purchasing or leasing the site, assessment of future demographic
developments, our interest in developing an effective marketing network that will be convenient to consumers,
and other factors. Site locations are called to our attention through independent canvassing of highways and
urban, suburban, small town, and other neighborhoods.
Restaurant Opening:
In the normal course of business, the Franchise Agreement is submitted to you for execution approximately
30 days before the restaurant is opened for business. During this period, you are receiving shipments of restaurant
equipment. The initial franchise fee, if applicable, is payable on the opening of the restaurant. No monthly fees
accrue until the restaurant opens for business. See Items 5 and 6.
The restaurant opening may occasionally be delayed by weather conditions, delayed delivery, or installation of
equipment, fixtures and signs, labor disputes, governmental regulation, or other causes beyond our reasonable
-25-

control. You may not open the restaurant for business until you have executed the Franchise Agreement and have
delivered the agreement to us with payment of the initial franchise fee, if applicable.
Training:
McDonald’s operates Hamburger University (HU), the international training center for the McDonald’s System.
The content and duration of all operations courses, which are offered at HU and various local sites, are revised
and reconsidered from time to time to meet the needs of our franchisees. All courses and learning events are
offered at frequent intervals and are designed to give you specific skill sets in the various facets of the conduct of
a McDonald’s restaurant, including such areas as guest satisfaction, operational standards, financial controls, and
leading people. The basic minimum core training, which you must complete to be qualified to operate a
McDonald’s restaurant, is known as the Candidate Development Program. Existing franchisees will not be
required to complete the curriculum to acquire an additional restaurant.
Our Candidate Development Program is deployed through Campus and Fred, which allows you to complete and
track the progress of your assigned learning online. You are also assigned a coach who helps with your assigned
learning, monitors your training, and verifies the skills acquired. It can take 6 months to two years to complete all
learning plans, from Shift Leader through Restaurant Leader. The time needed to complete a learning plan may
vary due to previous classes you have completed, and the amount of time you dedicate to training each week.
The complete training program and materials include many elements. There are various instructor-led classes,
computer-based learning (e-learning), coaching sessions, visual job aids, practical simulations, and verifications
for all stations and positions. The training method and manner are tailored to individual circumstances. As part
of the training program, you must perform and master all of the crew and management functions at the restaurant.
You do not receive compensation during the training program. McDonald’s does not charge you a fee to
complete the basic minimum core training provided at our field office training centers.
You are required to complete all curricula, including the Leading Great Restaurants Class conducted at HU in
Chicago, to McDonald’s satisfaction to be qualified to operate a McDonald’s restaurant. You must be fully
trained, in McDonald’s sole judgment, before you operate a restaurant.
At the opening of your restaurant, a franchise business partner will spend time with you providing assistance and
refinement of previous training and instruction.
You must complete the training program successfully before signing the Franchise Agreement or paying any
money to McDonald’s.
The experience of the instructors in the McDonald’s restaurant business averages 15 or more years. Instructors
include HU facilitators and field learning consultants. Bethany Tate Cornell, Senior Vice President and Chief
Learning and Development Officer, has been the head of our Learning and Development since November
2020. Prior to this role, Bethany held multiple leadership roles of various responsibility over a 30 year career in
IBM, Ethan Allen Home Interiors, Gap, Inc, General Electric and Boeing. Most recently, from April 2017 to
October 2020, she was the Vice President of Leadership, Learning and Organizational Capability at Boeing based
in St. Louis, Missouri.
McDonald’s bears the cost of maintaining HU and other designated training centers associated with providing
basic and advanced instruction in the Candidate Development Program, including the overhead cost of training,
staff salaries, materials, and all technical training tools. You are responsible for the costs of traveling, living,
compensation, and other expenses incurred by you and your employees in connection with attendance at HU or
other training facilities. You may also be charged a fee to cover McDonald’s costs of providing certain training
and related materials other than those associated with the Candidate Development Program. You are not an
employee of McDonald’s and are not compensated by McDonald’s for or during any training described in this
Item.
Annual meetings, conventions, various workshops, and other training sessions may be conducted on an ongoing
basis within each field office, and McDonald’s may require you to pay for the costs associated with that ongoing
-26-

training or participation. Additionally, optional courses may be offered to you or your employees for a fee. You
are responsible for the costs of traveling, living, compensation, and other expenses incurred by you and your
employees in connection with attendance at all ongoing training.
In addition to HU and McDonald’s other designated training centers, McDonald’s occasionally may offer initial
and ongoing training at temporary remote locations (such as hotel conference rooms) for the convenience of
attendees. These remote locations are not designated training centers, but you may attend them in lieu of
designated training centers. If you elect to attend training offered at a remote location, McDonald’s may require
you to pay for the costs associated with that training.
Before entering the training program, you must sign a Preliminary Agreement, which is attached to this disclosure
document as Exhibit J. The Preliminary Agreement contains the terms of our agreement, which allows you to
participate in McDonald’s franchise applicant training program. It states, among other things, that there is no
guarantee that you will be offered a McDonald’s franchise, that McDonald’s may remove you from the training
program for any reason or no reason at all, and you may withdraw from the training program at any time. The
Preliminary Agreement also states you will not be compensated during your training and will not be an employee
of McDonald’s or any McDonald’s franchisee.
The Candidate Development Program is described in the following tables and includes, but is not limited to:
(1)

Self-Study Modules and Coaching: Self-directed modules and coaching provide initial training,
practice, and verification.

(2)

Facilitated Courses: Instructor-led training is supported and reinforced by facilitated courses that
emphasize participant involvement. Interactive problem solving, small work group, and
skill-building activities provide an opportunity to practice new skills and obtain feedback from
peers and instructors.

(3)

Equipment Training: Self-directed equipment training and instructor-led support is provided
based on system needs.

The recommended methods and time frames for training, practice, and verification have been determined to
ensure that you receive the right training at the right time. The training program table below generally describes
the minimum classroom and in-restaurant training that you must complete to be considered qualified to operate a
McDonald’s restaurant, but it can take longer. Since the entire curriculum is skill-based, the time necessary to
complete the training varies from individual to individual.
TRAINING PROGRAM
Subject

Hours of
Classroom
Training

 Restaurant Learning Path
Crew Development

Hours of On-The-Job
Training

Location

83

Restaurant, self-study,
coaching, e-learning
Restaurant, self-study,
coaching, e-learning
Restaurant, self-study,
coaching, e-learning
Classroom/Online

Area Management

60

Shift Leader

59



Food Safety Training
(ServSafe*)

8

Varies by State

Department Leader

94

-27-

Restaurant, self-study,
coaching, e-learning



Developing the Leader in
Me Class

24

Restaurant Leader


Leading Great
Restaurants Class (inperson)

31.75
32
(4 days)

Restaurant, self-study,
coaching, e-learning
Classroom at
Hamburger University
in Chicago, IL
Online/virtual
classroom/self-study

 Business Learning Path
Leading People

22



Mid-management
development

9.25



People Brand Standards

3.5

Technology to Drive the
Business

14

Marketing

6

Finance and Pricing

12



Working with your CPA

2



Reinvestment

6.5

Restaurant, self-study,
coaching, e-learning
Restaurant, self-study,
coaching, e-learning
Restaurant, self-study,
coaching, e-learning
Restaurant, self-study,
coaching, e-learning
Restaurant, self-study,
coaching, e-learning
Restaurant, self-study,
coaching, e-learning
Restaurant, self-study,
coaching, e-learning
Restaurant, self-study,
coaching, e-learning
Restaurant, self-study,
coaching, e-learning
Restaurant, self-study,
coaching, e-learning

McDonald’s Business


National Franchising
Standards

26.5



Operations, PACE, Food
Safety

28.5

Restaurant, self-study,
coaching, e-learning



Department Head
Orientation and Making
Your Mark Series

21.5

Restaurant, self-study,
coaching, e-learning



Back Office

13



Benchmarking

8



Preparing to Buy

3



Business Planning

2.75

Restaurant, self-study,
coaching, e-learning
Restaurant, self-study,
coaching, e-learning
Restaurant, self-study,
coaching, e-learning
Restaurant, self-study,
coaching, e-learning

*ServSafe – administered by the National Restaurant Association (certification requirements vary by
state/county – with regard to the instruction/delivery of the class).

-28-

Item 12
Territory
McDonald’s franchises contain a limited grant of authority to use the McDonald’s System in the
operation of the specific restaurant developed by McDonald’s at that address. The Franchise Agreement does not
contain any exclusive grant, exclusive area, exclusive territorial rights, protected territory, or any right to exclude,
control, or impose conditions on the location or development of future McDonald’s restaurants at any time. You
will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we
own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control. The sales and customer trading
patterns which a restaurant experiences at any particular time are subject to change by reason of many factors,
including our ongoing development of the marketing network of McDonald’s restaurant locations, and do not
represent any continuing franchisee entitlement or expectation. McDonald’s may establish other franchisee or
McOpCo company-owned outlets that may alter customer trading patterns and affect the sales of, and compete
with, your location. McDonald’s reserves the right to use the Marks (as described in Item 13) in any other
channel of distribution. For example, McCafe packaged coffee is being sold in supermarkets and other retail
outlets and via e-commerce. McDonald’s reserves the right to sell other similar goods and services under the
Marks or under different trademarks and service marks. Internal policies which McDonald’s may apply and
modify periodically in connection with decisions to develop new restaurants are not part of the Franchise
Agreement and do not involve any contract right granted to you.

Item 13
Trademarks
We grant you the right to use many commercially valuable trademarks, trade names, service marks, logos,
and other commercial symbols (collectively “Marks”) that are material to the operation of your restaurant.
The following Marks have been registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office on the
Principal Register. All required affidavits of use and applications for renewal have been filed and accepted.
Those Marks which have been registered for more than 6 years have become incontestable.
We believe the following Marks are the principal marks you will use to identify your restaurant.
Trade/Service Mark

Reg. No.

Reg. Date

Int.
Class

THE GOLDEN ARCHES LOGO

893,440

06/23/70

43

McDONALD’S (Name)

743,572

01/08/63

43

McDONALD’S and GOLDEN ARCHES LOGO (Sign Design)

1,287,408

07/24/84

43

The grant of rights under the McDonald’s System includes the non-exclusive right to use all the Marks in
connection with the operation of your restaurant.
We do not own the Marks. We are licensed by our affiliate, Restaurant Brands, LLC, to use and license
the use of the Marks in the U.S. in connection with McDonald’s restaurants. This license lasts for 20 years from
the effective date of that license, with automatic renewals, and may be terminated only by agreement, if we
become the subject of any insolvency proceedings or if we fail to use the Marks as prescribed by Restaurant
Brands. Periodically, additional Marks may be adopted and/or registered that are considered important to our
business, and we may incorporate some but not all of them into the McDonald’s System.
There currently are no decisions of the United States Patent and Trademark Office, Trademark Trial and
Appeal Board, or the trademark administrator of any state or any court which affect your right to use the Marks.
There is currently no pending infringement, opposition, or cancellation proceeding nor any material litigation
-29-

involving such Marks the outcome of which is relevant to their use in the state in which your restaurant is to be
located.
Other than our license with Restaurant Brands, there currently are no agreements that significantly limit
our rights to use or license the use of the Marks in the U.S. in a manner material to the franchise. You must
follow our rules when you use the Marks. You cannot use our name or any Mark as part of the name of your
operating company, or with any modifying words, designs, or symbols (except those we approve).
There is no obligation under the Franchise Agreement to notify us of any use by others of names or marks
which are identical or confusingly or deceptively similar to any of the Marks. While there is no obligation under
the Franchise Agreement to take affirmative action, we consider the Marks to be a valuable property right and we
continually work, in cooperation with our affiliates, to protect the Marks against infringement by others and to
protect your right to use the Marks. Restaurant Brands or our predecessor has the right to control administrative
proceedings or litigation involving the Marks. To our knowledge there currently are no superior prior rights or
infringing uses of the Marks that would materially affect your use of the Marks in the operation of your
restaurant.
We have no obligation under the Franchise Agreement to protect you against, participate in your defense
of, or to reimburse you for, any damages which you are held liable for in any proceeding arising out of your use
of the Marks. We may at any time require you to limit and/or modify your use of the Marks. In this event, we are
not obligated under the Franchise Agreement to reimburse you for the cost incurred due to the modification or
discontinuance of use of the Marks.

Item 14
Patents, Copyrights, and Proprietary Information
No patents are required to be disclosed in this Item.
We or our predecessor claim copyrights in the O&T Manual and various menus, advertising and
marketing materials, and similar items used in operating your restaurant. These copyrighted materials have not
been registered with the U.S. Registrar of Copyrights, and do not need to be registered at this time. Currently
there are no decisions of the U.S. Copyright Office (Library of Congress), and no pending infringement
proceedings or material litigation involving the copyrighted works that could affect your use of them. Any
copyrighted works that we do not own are licensed to us by our predecessor. This license may be terminated only
by agreement, if we become the subject of any insolvency proceedings, or if we breach the terms of our license
agreement with our predecessor. Other than our license with our predecessor, there currently are no agreements
that significantly limit our rights to use or license the use of the copyrighted works in the U.S.
You have no obligation under the Franchise Agreement to notify us of any apparent infringement of or
challenge to your use of any copyrighted works, or of any person’s claim of any rights in any copyrighted works.
Although there is no obligation under the Franchise Agreement for us to take affirmative action, we consider the
copyrighted works to be valuable property and we continually work, in cooperation with our predecessor, to
protect against infringement by others and to protect your rights of use. Our predecessor has the right to control
all litigation involving the copyrighted works it licenses to us, including the O&T Manual. We have no obligation
under the Franchise Agreement to protect you against, participate in your defense of, or to reimburse you for, any
damages that you are held liable for in any proceeding arising out of your use of any copyrighted works.
We may modify or discontinue using any copyrighted works, and/or use additional or substitute
copyrighted works, and you must comply with our directions for any modification or discontinuance after
receiving notice from us. We are not obligated under the Franchise Agreement to reimburse you for any costs
incurred due to any modification or discontinuance of any copyrighted works.
McDonald’s O&T Manual and other materials in the McDonald’s System contain trade secrets and
confidential and proprietary information. This information includes, but is not limited to: methods, formats,
specifications, standards, systems, procedures, sales and marketing techniques, knowledge and experience used in
developing and operating McDonald’s restaurants; real estate and development plans; marketing plans, research,
-30-

advertising and promotional programs for McDonald’s restaurants; knowledge of suppliers, methods of ordering
and specifications for products, materials, and supplies; knowledge of the operating results, financial information,
and financial performance information; customer communication and retention programs; graphic designs;
intellectual property; recipes, formulae and food preparation processes; information generated by, or used or
developed in, the operation of a restaurant; and any other information McDonald’s may designate as confidential
or proprietary. You must follow our rules when you use the O&T Manual and any other confidential and
proprietary information. You must keep them absolutely confidential at all times, and you must take all
reasonable steps to prevent improper disclosure to others.
In addition, you must not disclose (unless approved or required by McDonald’s) financial performance,
operating results, or sales information (collectively, the “Financial Information”) relating to your McDonald’s
restaurant where: (a) McDonald’s has not publicly disclosed its financial performance for the period; (b) it is
reasonably foreseeable that such Financial Information will be consolidated with the Financial Information of
other McDonald’s restaurants; and (c) it is reasonably foreseeable that the Financial Information or consolidated
Financial Information will be made public and/or be used to influence investment decisions regarding
McDonald’s common stock.
Using McDonald’s confidential and proprietary information or the Financial Information in an
unauthorized manner is strictly prohibited. Failure to maintain the confidentiality of this information and/or the
unauthorized use or disclosure of this information may lead to civil or criminal prosecution as well as the
termination of the Franchise Agreement.

Item 15
Obligation to Participate in the Actual Operation of the Franchise Business
We require you to provide full time and best efforts to, and personal on-premises supervision of, the
day-to-day operation of your McDonald’s restaurant business. This duty is stated in paragraphs 1(e) and 13 of the
Franchise Agreement.

Item 16
Restrictions on What the Franchisee May Sell
You may sell only products authorized by McDonald’s and use the premises only as a McDonald’s
restaurant. In the dispensing and sale of these products, you may use only packaging, paper goods, ingredients,
and handling and preparation methods that meet the McDonald’s System specifications and quality standards
which we may designate and modify. We have the right to add, delete, or change authorized products that you are
required to offer. There are no limits on our right to do so. See Items 8 and 9.
The McDonald’s System is a comprehensive restaurant system for the retailing of a limited menu of
uniform and quality food and beverage products, which McDonald’s may modify at any time at its discretion.
You must operate the restaurant in conformity with the entire McDonald’s System at all times, including serving
at the restaurant a designated menu of food and beverage products; uniformity of food specifications, preparation
methods, quality, and appearance; and uniformity of facilities and service. See Items 8 and 9.
We impose no limitations on the customers to whom you may sell goods and services, provided that you
adopt and use the McDonald’s System only at the specific restaurant developed by McDonald’s and franchised to
you. See Item 12.

Item 17
Renewal, Termination, Transfer, and Dispute Resolution
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP
This table lists certain important provisions of the franchise and related agreements. You should
read these provisions in the agreements attached to this disclosure document.
-31-

You should remember that the franchise consists of a Franchise Agreement and Exhibit A to that
agreement, known as an Operator’s Lease. The summaries which appear below refer to each of these documents
separately, but they should be read and considered as a whole.
Section in franchise or
other agreement
Section 2

a.

Provision
Length of the franchise term

b.

Renewal or extension of the term

Section 28(a)
See Exhibit K for
explanation of McDonald’s
current New Term Policy

c.

Requirements for franchisee to
renew or extend
Termination by franchisee
Termination by franchisor without
cause
Termination by franchisor with
cause

Not Applicable

Summary
Traditional term is generally 20 years except as
otherwise described in Item 5. Satellite term
varies. STO and STR terms are generally
10 years. BFL term is generally 3 years.
You have no right to renew or extend. The New
Term Policy is not part of the Franchise
Agreement. It is subject to change in
McDonald’s sole discretion. Its application will
differ depending upon the facts and
circumstances involved and is not a contract right
between you and McDonald’s. See Note 2.
You have no right to renew or extend.

Not Applicable
Not Applicable

Not Applicable
Not Applicable

Sections 18 and 19

g.
h.

“Cause” defined – curable defaults
“Cause” defined – non-curable
defaults

Not Applicable
Sections 18 and 19

i.

Franchisee’s obligations on
termination/non-renewal

Section 20

j.

Assignment of contract by
franchisor
“Transfer” by franchisee – defined

Not Applicable

McDonald’s can terminate only if you commit
any 1 of several listed violations or repeatedly
breach the Franchise Agreement.
Not Applicable
Material Breaches include: failure to maintain
the restaurant in a good, clean, wholesome
manner and in compliance with McDonald’s
standards; you become bankrupt; any amount
owing to McDonald’s is not paid within 30 days
of due date; judgment in excess of $5,000
outstanding against you for more than 30 days;
right of possession of restaurant is lost; violation
of franchise restrictions; knowing sale of foods
other than those approved by McDonald’s or
which fail to conform to McDonald’s standards;
transfer of franchise without McDonald’s prior
consent; McDonald’s is denied access to
restaurant; failure to make prompt payment of
undisputed invoices; misrepresentation relating to
ownership or acquisition of franchise; conduct
that damages McDonald’s reputation; conviction
of felony; intentional under-reporting of Gross
Sales; repeated other breaches.
For 30 days and at McDonald’s request you must:
sell us the furniture, fixtures, signs, and
equipment for fair market value (no payment for
intangible assets); return business manuals and
other confidential material; cease using the
McDonald’s System and trademarks (also see r).
Assignable by McDonald’s as a matter of
common law; no separate provision required.
Includes direct, indirect, or contingent transfer, in
whole or in part, of any interest in the franchise.

d.
e.
f.

k.

Sections 15 and 19

-32-

l.

Provision
Franchisor approval of transfer by
franchisee

Section in franchise or
other agreement
Not Applicable

m. Conditions for franchisor approval
of transfer

Sections 15 and 19

n.

Franchisor’s right of first refusal to
acquire franchisee’s business
Franchisor’s option to purchase
franchisee’s business

Section 15(c)

p.

Death or disability of franchisee

Section 15(a)

q.

Section 11

s.

Non-competition covenants during
the term of the franchise
Non-competition covenants after the
franchise is terminated or expires
Modification of the agreement

t.

Integration/merger clause

Sections 28(c), 28(e), 28(f),
28(h), and 28(i)

o.

r.

u.

Dispute resolution by arbitration or
mediation
v. Choice of forum
w. Choice of law

Sections 15(a) and 20

Section 11
Section 26

Not Applicable
Not Applicable
Section 27

Summary
Transfers require McDonald’s approval, subject
to the terms stated in the Franchise Agreement,
Assignment to an Entity, and Assignment
Agreement (see Exhibits H and I). Also see
Note 2.
New franchisee qualifies; royalty increases to the
current fee (except in the situations described in
Item 6); new franchisee assumes full and
unconditional liability; you remain personally
liable for the remainder of the term; no current
breach.
McDonald’s can match any offer for your
business.
Purchase business only if we have been managing
your restaurant for 1 year after your death or
disability; purchase certain assets upon
termination.
Franchise may be assigned to any approved
purchaser or spouse, heirs, or nearest blood
relative who is a qualified franchisee (see m).
Also see Note 1.
No involvement in competing or similar business.
No competing business for 18 months within
10 miles (including after assignment or sale).
No modifications generally but O&T Manual
subject to change.
Only the terms of the Franchise Agreement are
binding (subject to state law). No other promises
have been made, but nothing in the Franchise
Agreement disclaims any representations made in
this disclosure document.
Not Applicable
Not Applicable
The Franchise Agreement is interpreted and
governed by Illinois law (with specific exceptions
stated in the Franchise Agreement).

Note 1 We are not obligated by the Franchise Agreement to do so, but if your spouse wishes to train to become
qualified after your death or disability, we will work with your spouse for up to 18 months (as long as we
determine that adequate progress is being made) so that your spouse can attempt to become approved to
operate the restaurant.
Note 2 Under a BFL franchise, if you have a conditional option to purchase certain restaurant assets, the
conditions are met, and you exercise the option, your franchise will be extended for up to 20 years after
the beginning of the term (based on available real estate tenure).
Note 3 You have no right to acquire additional franchises. If you wish to acquire additional franchises, refer to
the Growth Policy (Exhibit L).
This table lists certain important provisions of the Operator’s Lease.

a.

Provision
Length of the franchise term

Section in
Operator’s Lease
Section 1.01

-33-

Summary

b.
c.

Provision
Renewal or extension of the term

Section in
Operator’s Lease
Not Applicable

Requirements for franchisee to
renew or extend
Termination by franchisee
Termination by franchisor without
cause
Termination by franchisor with
cause
“Cause” defined – curable defaults

Not Applicable

h.

“Cause” defined – non-curable
defaults

Sections 3.03(A) and 7.04

i.

Franchisee’s obligations on
termination/non-renewal

Sections 5.02 and 7.04

j.

Assignment of contract by
franchisor
“Transfer” by franchisee – defined
Franchisor approval of transfer by
franchisee

Not Applicable

d.
e.
f.
g.

k.
l.

Summary

Not Applicable
Not Applicable
Section 7.04
Section 7.04

Not Applicable
Section 4.06

McDonald’s can terminate only if franchisee
defaults.
You have 10 days to cure default of any covenant
or agreement other than that listed in h.
Failure to pay rent; failure to submit required
reports; failure to comply with Franchise
Agreement; abandonment; bankruptcy.
Subject to the option to purchase contained in the
Franchise Agreement, remove all equipment and
fixtures; continue to pay rent on termination.
Assignable by McDonald’s as a matter of
common law; no separate provision required.

m. Conditions for franchisor approval
of transfer
n. Franchisor’s right of first refusal to
acquire franchisee’s business
o. Franchisor’s option to purchase
franchisee’s business
p. Death or disability of franchisee
q. Non-competition covenants during
the term of the franchise
r. Non-competition covenants after the
franchise is terminated or expires
s. Modification of the agreement
t. Integration/merger clause

Not Applicable

No assignment without McDonald’s consent and
only in accordance with the Franchise Agreement
(see l and m under Franchise Agreement).
See l and m under Franchise Agreement.

Not Applicable

See n under Franchise Agreement.

Not Applicable

See o under Franchise Agreement.

Not Applicable
Not Applicable

See p under Franchise Agreement.
See q under Franchise Agreement.

Not Applicable

See r under Franchise Agreement.

Section 8.07
Section 8.07

No modifications, except in writing.
Only the terms of the Franchise Agreement and
Operator’s Lease are binding (subject to state
law). Any other promises may not be
enforceable, but nothing in the Operator’s Lease
disclaims any representations made in this
disclosure document.

u.

Not Applicable

Dispute resolution by arbitration or
mediation
v. Choice of forum
w. Choice of law

Not Applicable
Section 8.06

The Franchise Agreement and Operator’s Lease
are interpreted and governed by Illinois law (with
specific exceptions stated in the Franchise
Agreement).

Item 18
Public Figures
McDonald’s does not use any public figure to promote our franchise.

-34-

Item 19
Financial Performance Representations
The FTC’s Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to provide information about the actual or potential
financial performance of its franchised and/or franchisor-owned outlets, if there is a reasonable basis for the
information, and if the information is included in the disclosure document. Financial performance information
that differs from that included in Item 19 may be given only if: (1) a franchisor provides the actual records of an
existing outlet you are considering buying; or (2) a franchisor supplements the information provided in this
Item 19, for example, by providing information about possible performance at a particular location or under
particular circumstances.
Of the approximately 12,572 domestic traditional McDonald’s restaurants opened at least 1 year as of
December 31, 2024, approximately 79% had annual sales volumes in excess of $3,000,000; approximately 72%
had annual sales volumes in excess of $3,200,000; and approximately 65% had annual sales volumes in excess of
$3,400,000. The average annual sales volume of domestic traditional McDonald’s restaurants open at least 1 year
as of December 31, 2024, was $4,002,000 during 2024. The highest and lowest annual sales volume in 2024 for
these domestic traditional McDonald’s restaurants was $19,680,000 and $914,000, respectively. The median
annual sales volume of domestic traditional McDonald’s restaurants open at least 1 year as of December 31, 2024,
was $3,838,000 during 2024.
Of the approximately 12,023 domestic traditional franchised McDonald’s restaurants opened at least
1 year as of December 31, 2024, approximately 78% had annual sales volumes in excess of $3,000,000;
approximately 71% had annual sales volumes in excess of $3,200,000; and approximately 64% had annual sales
volumes in excess of $3,400,000. The average annual sales volume of domestic traditional franchised
McDonald’s restaurants open at least 1 year as of December 31, 2024, was $3,966,000 during 2024. The highest
and lowest annual sales volume in 2024 for these domestic traditional franchised McDonald’s restaurants was
$19,680,000 and $914,000, respectively. The median annual sales volume of domestic traditional franchised
McDonald’s restaurants open at least 1 year as of December 31, 2024, was $3,797,000 during 2024.
Of the approximately 549 domestic traditional McOpCo restaurants opened at least 1 year as of December
31, 2024, approximately 96% had annual sales volumes in excess of $3,000,000; approximately 94% had annual
sales volumes in excess of $3,200,000; and approximately 89% had annual sales volumes in excess of $3,400,000.
The average annual sales volume of domestic traditional McOpCo restaurants open at least 1 year as of December
31, 2024, was $4,793,000 during 2024. The highest and lowest annual sales volume in 2024 for these domestic
traditional McOpCo restaurants was $10,030,000 and $1,820,000, respectively. The median annual sales volume
of domestic traditional McOpCo restaurants open at least 1 year as of December 31, 2024, was $4,612,000 during
2024.
The pro forma statements included below show annual sales volumes of $3,000,000, $3,200,000, and
$3,400,000. These pro forma statements have been derived from independent franchisee traditional restaurant
financial statements to provide information relevant to a prospective franchisee (see Note 1). Specific
assumptions used in the presentation of these pro forma statements are indicated above and below each statement.
The pro forma statements are based upon a total of 11,332 independent franchisee traditional restaurants
open and operated by a franchisee for at least 1 year and do not include restaurants operated by McOpCo
companies, Satellites or the domestic traditional franchised restaurants that changed owners in 2024 and for which
we had complete financial statements. A franchisee’s individual financial results may differ from the results
stated in the pro forma statements for the reasons described in this item or for other reasons. Substantiation of the
data used in preparing the earnings claims, including computations of all actual or average profit or earnings, will
be made available to prospective franchisees upon reasonable request.
It is anticipated that the information reported in these pro forma statements reflects the operating results
before occupancy costs for independent franchisee restaurants open for at least 1 year. However, the operating
income before occupancy cost figures appearing below should not be construed as the financial results or “profit”
before occupancy costs which might be experienced by a franchisee with a similar sales volume or an indication
that any particular sales volume will be obtained. An individual franchisee is likely to experience operating
-35-

expense variations including, but not limited to, general insurance, legal and accounting fees, labor costs, and
store management benefits (life and health insurance, etc.). Additionally, market conditions, operational and
management methods employed by a franchisee, different geographic areas of the country, and menu price
variations may significantly affect operating results. The nature of these variables makes it difficult to estimate
the financial results for any particular franchisee or location.
PRODUCT SALES (see Note 2)

$3,000,000

100.0%

$3,200,000

100.0%

$3,400,000

100.0%

850,000

28.3%

901,000

28.2%

954,000

28.1%

GROSS PROFIT

2,149,000

71.6%

2,301,000

71.9%

2,446,000

71.9%

OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES
(excluding rent, royalty, depreciation
and amortization (D&A), interest,
and income taxes)*

1,415,000

47.2%

1,469,000

46.5%

1,567,000

46.1%

OPERATING INCOME BEFORE
OCCUPANCY COSTS (excluding
rent, royalty, D&A, interest, and
income taxes) (see Note 3)**

734,000

24.5%

812,000

25.4%

879,000

25.9%

TOTAL COST OF SALES

Of the 11,322 independent franchisee traditional restaurants included in the pro forma statements above,
approximately 76% had operating income before occupancy costs greater than $734,000; approximately 69% had
operating income before occupancy costs greater than $812,000; and approximately 62% had operating income
before occupancy costs greater than $879,000.
* OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES — Includes, but is not limited to, the following costs: labor,
franchisee’s salary as manager, payroll taxes, advertising fee (as described in Item 6), promotion, outside services,
linen, operating supplies, small equipment, maintenance and repair, utilities, office supplies, legal and accounting
fees, insurance, real estate and personal property taxes, business operating licenses, and non-product income or
expense. This is a combination of the Total Controllable Expenses and Other Operating Expenses excluding rent,
royalties, D&A, and interest included in our typical store financial statements. (The royalties payable by these
franchised restaurants during the covered period were 4% of Gross Sales.)
** OPERATING INCOME BEFORE OCCUPANCY COSTS — Represents Operating Income
excluding rent, royalty, D&A, interest, and income taxes. (The royalties payable by these franchised restaurants
during the covered period were 4% of Gross Sales.) The rent paid to McDonald’s will vary based upon sales and
McDonald’s investment in land, site improvements, and building costs. Refer to Item 6 for information regarding
franchise fees (including rent and royalty paid to McDonald’s). D&A and interest will vary based upon the
purchase price and required reinvestment of the specific restaurant acquired. Refer to Item 7 for a description of
investment costs.
Additionally, organization overhead costs such as salaries and benefits of non-restaurant personnel (if
any), cost of an automobile used in the business (if any), and other discretionary expenditures may significantly
affect profits realized in any given operation. The nature of these variables makes it difficult to estimate the
performance for any particular restaurant with sales of any given volume.
Note 1 — Data for McOpCo company restaurants is not included in the pro forma statements because of
certain expenses that are typically incurred by a McOpCo-operated restaurant that are not incurred by restaurants
franchised to individuals. If data for McOpCo-operated restaurants open for at least 1 year were included along
with franchised restaurants, the percent of total restaurants in each category would not be statistically different
and the range of Operating Income Before Occupancy Costs would be $730,000 to $868,000.
Note 2 — The description of this line, “Product Sales,” is to clarify that only product sales are included.
Non-product sales and associated costs are included in Other Operating Expenses. The Operating Income Before
-36-

Occupancy Costs numbers were determined using restaurants with product sales between $2,900,000 to
$3,100,000; $3,100,000 to $3,300,000; and $3,300,000 to $3,500,000, respectively.
Note 3 — We are not presenting average occupancy costs in the above calculation because a wide variety
of rent charts and ownership options exist. In addition, the effective rent paid by a franchisee may be more in any
particular month than the stated percent rent indicated in the franchisee’s lease because a portion of the rent may
be fixed regardless of the sales level for a given month. The range of effective rent percentages in 2024 for
franchised restaurants was 0.00% to 33.33%. Refer to Item 6 for a description of rents.
Some McDonald’s restaurants have achieved these sales, profits or earnings. Your individual
results may differ. There is no assurance that you will sell or earn as much.
Written substantiation for the financial performance representation will be made available to the
prospective franchisee upon reasonable request.
Other than the preceding financial performance representation, McDonald’s does not make any financial
performance representations. We also do not authorize our employees or representatives to make any such
representations either orally or in writing. If you are purchasing an existing outlet, however, we may provide you
with the actual records of that outlet. If you receive any other financial performance information or projections of
your future income, you should report it to the franchisor's management by contacting John M. Richardson, 110
N. Carpenter Street, Chicago, Illinois, (630) 623-3000, the Federal Trade Commission, and the appropriate state
regulatory agencies.

Item 20
Outlets and Franchisee Information
Table No. 1
Systemwide Outlet Summary
For years 2022 to 2024
Outlet Type
Franchised
Company-Owned
Total Outlets

Year
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024

Outlets at the
Start of the Year
12,775
12,764
12,772
661
691
685
13,436
13,455
13,457

Outlets at the
End of the Year
12,764
12,772
12,887
691
685
672
13,455
13,457
13,559

Net Change
-11
+8
+115
+30
-6
-13
+19
+2
+102

Table No. 2
Transfers of Outlets from Franchisees to New Owners (other than the Franchisor) (1)
For years 2022 to 2024
State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona

Year
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024

-37-

Number of Transfers
7
13
8
0
0
0
20
15
43

State
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts

Year
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024

-38-

Number of Transfers
9
1
14
134
62
64
1
0
17
10
7
18
0
0
0
6
0
7
42
37
55
46
30
49
9
0
0
0
3
4
83
9
68
46
14
16
17
10
17
0
20
0
27
30
9
18
24
6
8
0
0
12
11
15
14
11
8

State
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina

Year
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024

-39-

Number of Transfers
56
45
19
13
16
3
4
5
3
35
32
8
8
16
14
13
2
6
6
0
6
0
0
1
48
5
13
10
4
13
33
16
49
40
22
33
2
2
0
48
24
32
3
3
0
9
35
16
47
31
40
0
0
2
26
11
14

State
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Guantanamo Bay
Guam
Northern Mariana Islands
Total

(1)

Year
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024

Number of Transfers
3
0
5
39
8
4
102
55
77
22
3
1
1
0
0
35
19
39
29
16
14
4
1
3
24
4
7
0
0
3
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1169
672
843

Included are "spin" transactions in which we or an affiliate acquired the restaurant from one franchisee
and immediately sold the restaurant to another franchisee without our ever having operated the restaurant.
Table No. 3
Status of Franchised Outlets
For years 2022 to 2024

State
Alabama

Year
2022
2023
2024

Outlets
at Start
of the Outlets
Year Opened
239
1
240
2
236
2

NonTerminations (1) Renewals (2)
0
0
3
3
0
0

-40-

Reacquired
by
Franchisor
(3)
0
0
0

Ceased
Operations Other
Reasons (4)
0
0
0

Outlets
at End
of the
Year
240
236
238

State
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Guam
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky

Year
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024

Outlets
at Start
of the Outlets
Year Opened
28
0
28
0
27
0
256
6
262
7
269
7
164
0
164
1
164
0
1,148
2
1,145
12
1,152
10
197
3
200
6
204
4
140
0
139
0
137
0
35
1
36
0
36
1
25
0
24
0
24
0
760
7
719
6
723
11
442
1
443
4
445
1
6
0
5
0
5
1
52
0
52
0
51
0
61
2
63
0
63
2
611
0
605
6
601
3
324
1
325
2
325
20
118
0
118
2
118
2
146
0
146
1
143
1
248
1
249
2
249
6

NonTerminations (1) Renewals (2)
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
3
2
4
1
6
4
0
0
2
0
0
0
0
1
1
1
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
2
0
1
0
0
0
2
0
2
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
4
2
6
3
1
3
0
0
2
0
0
0
0
0
2
0
0
0
0
0
4
0
0
0
0
0
0
2
0
0

-41-

Reacquired
by
Franchisor
(3)
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
47
0
6
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

Ceased
Operations Other
Reasons (4)
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

Outlets
at End
of the
Year
28
27
27
262
269
276
164
164
164
1,145
1,152
1,152
200
204
208
139
137
136
36
36
37
24
24
24
719
723
727
443
445
444
5
5
6
52
51
51
63
63
65
605
601
600
325
325
345
118
118
120
146
143
144
249
249
255

State
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio

Year
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024

Outlets
at Start
of the Outlets
Year Opened
233
4
229
0
227
0
61
0
61
0
61
0
224
2
223
2
223
0
234
0
232
0
231
2
479
8
486
0
475
1
222
1
221
2
221
0
141
1
142
0
142
0
312
0
310
5
312
5
47
0
47
0
47
0
78
0
77
1
77
2
115
3
118
3
121
12
54
0
54
0
54
0
254
0
252
0
251
1
93
2
95
1
96
3
595
0
594
3
573
1
446
2
448
13
452
5
25
0
25
1
26
2
564
4
567
3
569
5

NonTerminations (1) Renewals (2)
8
0
2
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
2
2
0
1
1
0
2
1
0
0
0
0
1
8
3
2
0
1
1
2
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
2
1
2
0
3
0
1
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
1
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
2
0
1
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
8
16
2
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
1
0
1
0

-42-

Reacquired
by
Franchisor
(3)
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
8
1
0
0
0
0
0
0

Ceased
Operations Other
Reasons (4)
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

Outlets
at End
of the
Year
229
227
227
61
61
61
223
223
221
232
231
233
486
475
474
221
221
220
142
142
139
310
312
315
47
47
47
77
77
78
118
121
133
54
54
54
252
251
251
95
96
99
594
573
571
448
452
456
25
26
28
567
569
573

State
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Guantanamo Bay
Northern Mariana Islands
Total Outlets

Year
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024

Outlets
at Start
of the Outlets
Year Opened
169
0
168
0
166
6
155
0
155
0
155
0
478
1
477
1
473
5
31
1
32
0
32
0
217
2
219
4
223
2
29
1
30
1
31
1
321
6
327
3
330
5
1,071
18
1,086
28
1,105
32
106
2
108
5
113
3
26
0
26
0
26
0
358
1
357
1
354
1
228
0
226
1
227
2
103
0
103
0
102
0
275
0
275
0
273
0
28
0
28
1
29
0
1
0
1
0
1
0
2
0
2
0
2
0
12,775
84
12,764
128
12,772
167

NonTerminations (1) Renewals (2)
1
0
2
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
1
1
1
3
1
2
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
3
0
3
2
1
3
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
1
3
1
2
0
0
2
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
2
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
30
18
73
33
29
15

-43-

Reacquired
by
Franchisor
(3)
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
4
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
47
13
8

Ceased
Operations Other
Reasons (4)
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
0

Outlets
at End
of the
Year
168
166
172
155
155
153
477
473
476
32
32
32
219
223
225
30
31
32
327
330
335
1,086
1,105
1,133
108
113
116
26
26
26
357
354
353
226
227
228
103
102
102
275
273
273
28
29
29
1
1
1
2
2
2
12,764
12,772
12,887

(1)

Substantially all of the Terminations are as a result of closings of restaurants by mutual agreement during
the franchise term.

(2)

Franchisees are not given the right to renew or extend the franchise at the end of the term. At
McDonald’s sole discretion, a franchisee may or may not be offered a new term franchise. If we do not
grant a new term franchise, the franchisee has the opportunity to sell the franchise during the remaining
term, and a qualified purchaser is allowed to enter into a new term Franchise Agreement at the end of the
remaining term. These transactions are not included as Non-Renewals. Substantially all of the NonRenewals are as a result of closings of restaurants by mutual agreement at the end of the franchise term.

(3)

Reacquired by Franchisor does not include “spin” transactions, in which we or an affiliate acquired the
restaurant from one franchisee and immediately sold the restaurant to another franchisee without our ever
having operated the restaurant.

(4)

Ceased Operations includes Franchise Agreements that were mutually terminated because the franchisee
relocated the restaurant to a new site. The existing Franchise Agreement was terminated, and we entered
into a Franchise Agreement for the new site with the franchisee.
Table No. 4
Status of Company-Owned Outlets
For years 2022 to 2024

State
Arizona
California
Florida
Hawaii
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kentucky
Maryland
Michigan

Year
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024

Outlets
Outlets
Outlets
at Start
Reacquired
Outlets Sold at End
of the Outlets
From
Outlets
to
of the
Year Opened Franchisee (1) Closed Franchisee
Year
11
0
0
0
0
11
11
0
0
0
0
11
11
1
0
0
0
12
74
0
0
0
0
74
74
0
0
1
0
73
73
2
0
0
0
75
100
1
47
0
2
146
146
1
0
0
0
147
147
1
6
0
0
154
21
0
0
0
0
21
21
0
0
0
0
21
21
0
0
0
0
21
44
0
0
0
0
44
44
2
0
1
4
41
41
0
0
0
0
41
28
0
0
0
0
28
28
1
0
0
0
29
29
0
0
0
17
12
25
0
1
1
0
25
25
0
0
0
0
25
25
0
0
0
0
25
4
0
0
0
0
4
4
0
0
0
0
4
4
0
0
0
4
0
52
0
0
0
0
52
52
0
0
0
0
52
52
0
0
0
0
52
55
0
0
0
8
47
47
2
0
0
0
49
49
0
0
0
0
49

-44-

State
Nevada
New York
North Carolina
Ohio
Oklahoma
Pennsylvania
South Carolina
Tennessee
Texas
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Total Outlets

(1)

Year
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024
2022
2023
2024

Outlets
Outlets
Outlets
at Start
Reacquired
Outlets Sold at End
of the Outlets
From
Outlets
to
of the
Year Opened Franchisee (1) Closed Franchisee
Year
13
1
0
1
0
13
13
0
0
1
0
12
12
0
0
1
11
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
0
1
20
0
0
0
0
20
20
0
8
0
12
16
16
1
1
0
0
18
46
0
0
0
4
42
42
0
0
0
0
42
42
0
0
0
0
42
24
0
0
0
0
24
24
0
0
0
0
24
24
0
0
0
0
24
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
4
0
0
0
0
4
4
0
0
0
4
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
4
0
0
0
4
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
53
0
0
0
0
53
53
1
4
1
0
57
57
9
0
1
0
65
38
0
0
0
0
38
38
0
0
1
0
37
37
0
0
1
0
36
25
0
1
1
0
25
25
0
0
0
0
25
25
0
0
0
0
25
1
0
0
0
0
1
1
0
0
0
0
1
1
0
0
0
0
1
19
0
0
0
0
19
19
0
0
0
0
19
19
0
0
0
0
19
661
2
49
3
18
691
691
3
13
4
20
685
685
14
8
3
32
672

Reacquired from Franchisee does not include “spin” transactions, in which we or an affiliate acquired the
restaurant from one franchisee and immediately sold the restaurant to another franchisee without our ever
having operated the restaurant.
Table No. 5
Projected Openings As Of December 31, 2024 (1)

State
Alabama
Alaska

Franchise Agreement
Signed But Outlet
Not Opened
0
0

-45-

Projected New
Franchised Outlet
in the Next Fiscal Year
2
0

Projected New
Company-Owned Outlet
in the Next Fiscal Year
0
0

State
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Guam
Guantanamo Bay
Northern Mariana Islands
Total

(1)

Franchise Agreement
Signed But Outlet
Not Opened
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

Reflects projections of gross restaurant openings.
-46-

Projected New
Franchised Outlet
in the Next Fiscal Year
7
3
10
6
2
1
0
11
4
1
1
3
2
1
2
4
1
0
3
1
2
3
0
5
0
2
5
0
2
1
5
3
2
4
4
4
4
1
3
1
6
50
2
0
2
3
0
2
0
0
0
0
181

Projected New
Company-Owned Outlet
in the Next Fiscal Year
3
0
2
0
0
0
0
3
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
3
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
14

Attached to this disclosure document as Exhibit R is a list of U.S. franchised restaurants as of
December 31, 2024.
Attached to this disclosure document as Exhibit S is a list of the 113 franchisees who had a restaurant
franchise terminated, canceled, not renewed, or otherwise voluntarily or involuntarily ceased to do business under
the Franchise Agreement during the most recent completed fiscal year or who have not communicated with us
within 10 weeks of the application date. If you buy this franchise, your contact information may be disclosed to
other buyers when you leave the franchise system.
In some instances, current and former franchisees sign provisions restricting their ability to speak openly
about their experience with McDonald’s. You may wish to speak with current and former franchisees, but be
aware that not all such franchisees will be able to communicate with you.
Trademark-specific franchisee organizations created, sponsored, or endorsed by McDonald’s:
1.

National Franchisee Leadership Alliance (NFLA)
Address:
c/o Steve Spenceley
Concannon Miller
160 Fountain Parkway North, Suite 110
St. Petersburg, FL 33716
Telephone #:
727-577-7620
NFLA is endorsed by McDonald’s.

2.

Asian McDonald’s Operators Association (AMOA)
Address:
ATTN: Maria Lim
150 Staniford Street, Suite #3
Boston, MA 02114
E-Mail Address: william.cho@partners.mcd.com
cc E-Mail:
maria.lim@partners.mcd.com
AMOA is endorsed by McDonald’s.

3.

McDonald’s Hispanic Operators Association (MHOA)
Address:
26605 Kelvin Ct., Suite A
Murrieta, CA 92562
E-Mail Address: santiago.negre@partners.mcd.com
Web Address:
https://mhoa.wildapricot.org/
MHOA is endorsed by McDonald’s.

4.

National Black McDonald’s Operators Association (NBMOA)
Address:
401 N. Michigan Ave., Suite 1200
Chicago, IL 60611
Telephone #:
(312) 822-3363
E-Mail Address: execdirector@nbmoa.org
Web Address:
www.nbmoa.org
NBMOA is endorsed by McDonald’s.

5.

Women Operators Network (WON)
Address:
1003 Southerby Lane
Alpharetta, GA 30004
ATTN: Jamie Straza
Telephone #:
(760) 908-7461
E-Mail Address: info@wonmcd.com
jamie.straza@partners.mcd.com
WON is endorsed by McDonald’s.

6.

Operator Pride Network (OPN)
-47-

Address:

2140 Hall Johnson Road
Suite 102-301
Grapevine, TX 76051
E-Mail Address: andy.ball@partners.mcd.com
MOOPN is endorsed by McDonald’s.
The following independent franchisee organization has asked to be included in this disclosure document:
National Owners Association (NOA)
c/o Robert Zarco
Zarco Einhorn Salkowski, P.A.
Address:
2 S. Biscayne Blvd.
34th Floor
Miami, FL 33131
Telephone #
(305) 374-5418
rzarco@zarcolaw.com

Item 21
Financial Statements
Attached to this disclosure document as Exhibit A are the consolidated balance sheets of McDonald’s
USA, LLC as of December 31, 2024, and December 31, 2023, and the related consolidated statements of income,
member’s equity, and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2024, December 31, 2023, and December 31,
2022.

Item 22
Contracts
All agreements used by us regarding the offering of a franchise are attached to this disclosure document
as Exhibits B, C, D, E, F, G, H, I, J, and M.

Item 23
Receipts
See the Receipts at the end of this disclosure document.

-48-

EXHIBITS

Report of Independent Auditors

EXHIBIT A
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Board of Directors
McDonald’s USA, LLC
Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of McDonald’s USA LLC (the Company), which comprise the consolidated balance
sheets as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated statements of income, members’ equity and cash flows for each of
the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”).
In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at
December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December
31, 2024, in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAS). Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section
of our report. We are required to be independent of the Company and to meet our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the
relevant ethical requirements relating to our audits. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to
provide a basis for our audit opinion.
Responsibilities of Management for the Financial Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America, and for the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the
preparation and fair presentation of financial statements that are free of material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the
aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern for one year after the date that the
financial statements are available to be issued.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free of material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance
but is not absolute assurance and therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with GAAS will always detect a
material misstatement when it exists. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting
from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
Misstatements are considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, they would influence the
judgment made by a reasonable user based on the financial statements.
In performing an audit in accordance with GAAS, we:
•

Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.

•

Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, and design and
perform audit procedures responsive to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the
amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.

•

Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control. Accordingly,
no such opinion is expressed.

•

Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by
management, as well as evaluate the overall presentation of the financial statements.

•

Conclude whether, in our judgment, there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about
the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time.

We are required to communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit, significant audit findings, and certain internal control-related matters that we identified during the audit.
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
Chicago, Illinois
March 14, 2025

McDonald's USA, LLC
Consolidated Statement of Income
Years ended December 31, 2024
REVENUES
Sales by Company-owned and operated restaurants
$ 3,196.9
Revenues from franchised restaurants
7,210.6
Other revenues
223.3
Total revenues
10,630.8
OPERATING COSTS AND EXPENSES
Company-owned and operated restaurant expenses
Food & paper
925.7
Payroll & employee benefits
1,107.5
Occupancy & other operating expenses
746.5
Franchised restaurants-occupancy expenses
1,294.1
Selling, general & administrative expenses
654.2
Other operating (income) expense, net
7.2
Other restaurant expenses
162.6
Total operating costs and expenses
4,897.8
Operating income before royalty to parent
5,733.0
Royalty expense to parent
1,069.4
Operating income
4,663.6
Interest expense-net of capitalized interest of $11.4, $6.7, and $5.9
159.1
Nonoperating (income) expense, net
(2.0)
Income before provision for income taxes
4,506.5
Provision for income taxes
1,044.9
Net income
$ 3,461.6

2023

In millions

$

$

3,220.5
7,163.4
184.5
10,568.4

955.2
1,055.0
721.8
1,286.2
660.9
72.3
122.6
4,874.0
5,694.4
1,062.7
4,631.7
165.9
0.6
4,465.2
1,070.8
3,394.4

2022
$

$

2,835.8
6,584.7
167.9
9,588.4

850.3
942.6
613.5
1,244.1
692.1
31.6
117.5
4,491.7
5,096.7
975.8
4,120.9
59.4
(0.9)
4,062.4
966.7
3,095.7

See Notes to consolidated financial statements.

McDonald's USA, LLC 1

McDonald's USA, LLC
Consolidated Balance Sheet
In millions

ASSETS
Current assets
Cash
Accounts and notes receivable, net
Inventories, at cost, not in excess of market
Prepaid expenses and other current assets
Total current assets
Other assets
Goodwill
Lease right-of-use assets
Miscellaneous
Total other assets
Property and equipment
Property and equipment, at cost
Accumulated depreciation and amortization
Net property and equipment
Total assets
LIABILITIES AND MEMBERS’ EQUITY
Current liabilities
Accounts payable
Due to parent, net
Lease liability
Other taxes
Accrued interest, due to parent
Accrued payroll and other liabilities
Total current liabilities
Other long-term liabilities
Long-term lease liability
Deferred income taxes
Members’ equity
Members' capital
Retained earnings
Total members’ equity
Total liabilities and members’ equity

December 31, 2024

$

34.6
775.6
18.1
50.3
878.6

2023

$

42.5
842.8
18.9
45.8
950.0

1,498.7
5,841.4
896.2
8,236.3

1,480.0
5,837.5
928.6
8,246.1

22,921.1
(9,840.7)
13,080.4
$ 22,195.3

22,160.8
(9,232.8)
12,928.0
$ 22,124.1

$

$

143.5
3,310.6
195.9
33.9
0.3
370.2
4,054.4
653.2
5,849.0
1,416.7

5,588.1
4,633.9
10,222.0
$ 22,195.3

160.5
3,097.0
194.6
36.6
88.9
402.0
3,979.6
678.4
5,838.9
1,405.2

5,588.1
4,633.9
10,222.0
$ 22,124.1

See Notes to consolidated financial statements.

McDonald's USA, LLC 2

McDonald's USA, LLC
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Years ended December 31, 2024
Operating activities
Net income
$ 3,461.6
Adjustments to reconcile to cash provided by operations
Charges and credits:
Depreciation and amortization
980.0
Deferred income taxes
11.5
Other
(77.5)
Changes in working capital items:
Accounts receivable
67.2
Inventories, prepaid expenses and other current assets
(3.7)
Accounts payable
(3.8)
Income taxes
73.6
Other accrued liabilities
(81.5)
Due (to) from parent, net
125.0
Cash provided by operations
4,552.4
Investing activities
Property and equipment expenditures
(1,055.2)
Purchases of restaurant businesses
(135.4)
Sales of restaurant businesses and property
151.1
Other, net
(21.2)
Cash used for investing activities
(1,060.7)
Financing activities
Other financing
(38.0)
Dividends to parent
(3,461.6)
Cash used for financing activities
(3,499.6)
Cash and equivalents increase (decrease)
$
(7.9)
Cash and equivalents at beginning of year
$
42.5
Cash and equivalents at end of year
$
34.6
Supplemental cash flow disclosures
State income taxes paid (excluding amounts paid to parent)
$
125.7

2023

In millions

$

3,394.4

2022
$

3,095.7

968.9
(17.7)
(1.5)

912.4
(27.8)
28.0

35.1
(1.1)
9.2
8.6
36.9
134.8
4,567.6

(34.8)
(5.0)
2.5
67.4
(49.5)
674.9
4,663.8

(962.5)
(121.2)
65.3
(110.6)
(1,129.0)

(860.0)
(667.0)
75.7
(91.3)
(1,542.6)

$
$
$

(30.7)
(3,394.4)
(3,425.1)
13.5
29.0
42.5

$
$
$

(27.0)
(3,095.7)
(3,122.7)
(1.5)
30.5
29.0

$

138.6

$

113.5

See Notes to consolidated financial statements.

McDonald's USA, LLC 3

McDonald's USA, LLC
Consolidated Statement of Members’ Equity
In millions
Balance at January 1, 2022

Members'
capital
$

Net income

$

—

Dividends to parent
Balance at December 31, 2022

5,588.1

Retained
earnings

5,588.1

$

3,095.7

—
$

4,633.9

Total members'
equity
3,095.7

(3,095.7)
$

4,633.9

10,222.0
(3,095.7)

$

10,222.0

Net income

—

3,394.4

3,394.4

Dividends to parent

—

(3,394.4)

(3,394.4)

Balance at December 31, 2023

$

5,588.1

$

4,633.9

$

10,222.0

Net income

—

3,461.6

3,461.6

Dividends to parent

—

(3,461.6)

(3,461.6)

Balance at December 31, 2024

$

5,588.1

$

4,633.9

$

10,222.0

See Notes to consolidated financial statements.

McDonald's USA, LLC 4

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
NATURE OF BUSINESS

McDonald’s USA, LLC (the “Company”) is a limited liability company that franchises and operates McDonald’s restaurants in the restaurant
industry in the United States.
All restaurants are operated either by the Company or by franchisees, including conventional franchisees under franchise
arrangements, and affiliates under license agreements.
The following table presents restaurant information by ownership type:
Restaurants at December 31,

Franchised
Company-owned and operated
Total Systemwide restaurants

2024
12,886
671
13,557

2023
12,772
685
13,457

2022
12,751
693
13,444

The results of operations of restaurant businesses purchased and sold in transactions with franchisees were not material either
individually or in the aggregate to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
The Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of McDonald's Corporation ("McDonald’s"). On January 1, 2005, McDonald’s contributed
assets, net of liabilities, of $5,548.8 million to the Company. McDonald’s has retained legal title to certain of the property and equipment
assets, which are in turn used by the Company in accordance with extended intercompany agreements. McDonald’s or its affiliates directly
own the intellectual property rights in the U.S. and license or sublicense such rights to the Company. The financial position, results of
operations and cash flows of the Company could differ from the reported results had the Company operated as an autonomous entity
independent of McDonald’s.

CONSOLIDATION

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries.
On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates its business relationships such as those with franchisees, joint venture partners, suppliers
and advertising cooperatives to identify potential variable interest entities. Generally, these businesses qualify for a scope exception under
the variable interest entity consolidation guidance. The Company has concluded that consolidation of any such entity is not appropriate for
the periods presented.

ESTIMATES IN FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could
differ from those estimates.

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted

Income Taxes
In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the "FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2023-09,
"Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures" ("ASU 2023-09"). The pronouncement expands the disclosure
requirements for income taxes, specifically related to the rate reconciliation and income taxes paid. ASU 2023-09 is effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2024. We are currently in the process of determining the impact that ASU 2023-09 will have on the
consolidated financial statement disclosures.
Disaggregation - Income Statement Expenses
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU No. 2024-03, "Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income - Expense Disaggregation
Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses" ("ASU 2024-03"). The pronouncement expands the
disclosure requirements for expenses, specifically by providing more detailed information about the types of expenses in commonly
presented expense captions. ASU 2024-03 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods within fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2027. We are currently in the process of determining the impact that ASU 2024-03 will have on the
Company's consolidated financial statement disclosures.

REVENUE RECOGNITION

The Company's revenues consist of sales by Company-owned and operated restaurants and fees from restaurants operated by franchisees
and affiliates. Revenues from conventional franchised restaurants include rent and royalties based on a percent of sales with minimum rent
payments, and initial fees. Revenues from restaurants licensed to affiliates include a royalty based on a percent of sales, and generally

McDonald's USA, LLC 5

include initial fees. The Company’s Other revenues are comprised of fees paid by franchisees to recover a portion of costs incurred by the
Company for various technology platforms and revenues from brand licensing arrangements to market and sell consumer packaged goods
using the McDonald’s brand.
Sales by Company-owned and operated restaurants are recognized on a cash basis at the time of the underlying sale and are
presented net of sales tax and other sales-related taxes. Royalty revenues are based on a percent of sales and recognized at the time the
underlying sales occur. Rental income includes both minimum rent payments, which are recognized straight-line over the franchise term,
and variable rent payments based on a percent of sales, which are recognized at the time the underlying sales occur. Initial fees are
recognized as the Company satisfies the performance obligation over the franchise term, which is generally 20 years.
The Company provides goods or services related to various technology platforms to certain franchisees that are distinct from the
franchise agreement because they do not require integration with other goods or services that the Company provides. The Company has
determined that it is the principal in these arrangements. Accordingly, the related revenue is presented on a gross basis on the Consolidated
Statement of Income. These revenues are recognized as the goods or services are transferred to the franchisee, and related expenses are
recognized as incurred, primarily within Other restaurant expenses. Brand licensing arrangement revenues are based on a percent of sales
and are recognized at the time the underlying sales occur.

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Property and equipment are stated at cost, with depreciation and amortization provided using the straight-line method over the following
estimated useful lives: buildings–up to 40 years; leasehold improvements–the lesser of useful lives of assets or lease terms which generally
include certain option periods; and equipment–3 to 12 years. McDonald’s has retained legal title to certain of the property and equipment
assets, which are in turn used by the Company in accordance with extended intercompany agreements.
The Company periodically reviews these lives relative to physical factors, economic factors and industry trends. If there are changes in
the planned use of property and equipment, or if technological changes occur more rapidly than anticipated, the useful lives assigned to
these assets may need to be shortened, resulting in the accelerated recognition of depreciation and amortization expense or write-offs in
future periods.
The Company may share in the cost of certain restaurant improvements with its franchisees. Since McDonald's manages the project
and provides up front funding in these instances, during the project the Company estimates which costs are the responsibility of McDonald's
and which are the responsibility of the franchisee and allocates the corresponding costs between Property and equipment and Accounts
receivable. Upon the completion of the project, the allocation of costs is finalized and may result in immaterial adjustments to the balances
and associated depreciation expense.

LEASING

The Company is the lessee in a significant real estate portfolio, primarily through ground leases (the Company leases the land and generally
owns the building) and through improved leases (the Company leases the land and buildings). The Lease right-of-use asset and Lease
liability reflect the present value of the Company’s estimated future minimum lease payments over the lease term, which includes options
that are reasonably assured of being exercised, discounted using the rate implicit in each lease, if determinable, or a collateralized
incremental borrowing rate considering the term of the lease and particular currency environment. Leases with an initial term of 12 months
or less, primarily related to leases of office equipment, are not included in the Lease right-of-use asset or Lease liability and continue to be
recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Income on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
The Company has elected not to separate non-lease components from lease components in its lessee portfolio. To the extent that
occupancy costs, such as site maintenance, are included in the asset and liability, the impact is immaterial and is generally limited to
Company-owned and operated restaurant locations. For franchised locations, which represent the majority of the restaurant portfolio, the
related occupancy costs including property taxes, insurance and site maintenance are generally required to be paid by the franchisees as
part of the franchise arrangement. In addition, the Company is the lessee under non-restaurant related leases such as office buildings,
vehicles and office equipment. These leases are not a material subset of the Company’s lease portfolio.

CAPITALIZED SOFTWARE

Capitalized software is stated at cost and amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the software, which
primarily ranges from 3 to 10 years. Customer facing software is typically amortized over a shorter useful life, while back office and
Corporate systems may have a longer useful life. Capitalized software less accumulated amortization is recorded within Miscellaneous other
assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and was (in millions): 2024-$71.9; 2023-$91.7; 2022-$104.6.
The Company reviews capitalized software for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of an asset may not be recoverable or if an indicator of impairment exists. The Company did not identify any indicators of material
impairment of capitalized software for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022.

McDonald's USA, LLC 6

LONG-LIVED ASSETS

Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment annually in the fourth quarter and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. For purposes of annually reviewing McDonald’s restaurant assets for potential
impairment, assets are initially grouped together in the U.S. at a field office level. The Company manages its restaurants as a group or
portfolio with significant common costs and promotional activities; as such, an individual restaurant’s cash flows are not generally
independent of the cash flows of others in a market. If an indicator of impairment exists for any grouping of assets, an estimate of
undiscounted future cash flows produced by each individual restaurant within the asset grouping is compared to its carrying value. If an
individual restaurant is determined to be impaired, the loss is measured by the excess of the carrying amount of the restaurant over its fair
value as determined by an estimate of discounted future cash flows.
Losses on assets held for disposal are recognized when management and the Company's Board of Directors, as required, have
approved and committed to a plan to dispose of the assets, the assets are available for disposal and the disposal is probable of occurring
within 12 months, and the net sales proceeds are expected to be less than its net book value, among other factors. Generally, such losses
are related to restaurants that have closed and ceased operations as well as other assets that meet the criteria to be considered “held for
sale".
GOODWILL

Goodwill represents the excess of cost over the net tangible assets and identifiable intangible assets of acquired restaurants and other
businesses, and it is generally assigned to the reporting unit (defined as the US market). The Company’s goodwill primarily results from
purchases of McDonald’s restaurants from franchisees. When purchasing restaurants from a franchisee, the Company generally uses a
discounted cash flow methodology (Level 3 inputs within the valuation hierarchy), which determines the fair value of restaurants acquired
based on their expected profitability and cash flows. During 2024, the Company acquired restaurants from franchisees in order to expand its
Company-owned and operated restaurant footprint in key growth areas and to support key strategic franchising initiatives. In conjunction
with these purchases, the company recorded approximately $10 million of net tangible assets, $110 million of identifiable intangible assets
and $20 million of goodwill. These acquisitions did not have a material impact on the amount of recorded revenues or net income of the
Company. If a Company-owned and operated restaurant is sold within 24 months of acquisition, the goodwill associated with the acquisition
is written off in its entirety. If a Company-owned and operated restaurant is sold beyond 24 months from the acquisition, the amount of
goodwill written-off is based on the relative fair value of the business sold compared to the fair value of the reporting unit. Company-owned
and operated restaurant sales were not material for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022.
The Company conducts goodwill impairment testing in the fourth quarter of each year or whenever indicators of impairment exist. If an
indicator of impairment exists, the goodwill impairment test compares the fair value of a reporting unit, generally based on discounted future
cash flows, with its carrying amount including goodwill. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is
recorded for the difference. In the current period, the Company performed a qualitative assessment and did not identify any indicators of
impairment. Historically, goodwill impairment has not significantly impacted the consolidated financial statements.
ADVERTISING COSTS

Advertising costs included in operating expenses of Company-owned and operated restaurants primarily consist of contributions to
advertising cooperatives based upon a percent of sales, and were (in millions): 2024–$94.9; 2023–$92.0; 2022–$84.0.
In addition, significant advertising costs are incurred by conventional franchisees through contributions to advertising cooperatives that
are based upon a percent of sales. McDonald’s is not the primary beneficiary of these entities, and therefore has concluded that
consolidation would not be appropriate, as the Company does not have the power through voting or similar rights to direct the activities of
the cooperatives that most significantly impact their economic performance.
Production costs for radio and television advertising are expensed when the commercials are initially aired. These production costs, as
well as other marketing-related expenses are included in Selling, general & administrative expenses and were (in millions): 2024–$84.6;
2023–$36.7; 2022–$45.4. In addition, significant advertising costs are incurred by franchisees through contributions to advertising
cooperatives.
INCOME TAXES

The Company’s earnings will be included in McDonald’s consolidated U.S. federal income tax return. For state income tax returns,
depending on the laws of each state, the Company’s earnings may be combined with the earnings of the McDonald’s consolidated group or
the Company may file its own state income tax return. The Company records its income tax provision on a separate-return basis and
settlements are made through intercompany accounts with McDonald’s. Deferred assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences
attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases are
recorded in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets.
Income tax uncertainties
The Company is regularly audited by federal and state tax authorities, and tax assessments may arise several years after tax returns have
been filed. Accordingly, tax liabilities are recorded when, in management’s judgment, a tax position does not meet the more likely than not
threshold for recognition. For tax positions that meet the more likely than not threshold, a tax liability may still be recorded depending on
management’s assessment of how the tax position will ultimately be settled. The Company records interest and penalties on unrecognized
tax benefits in the provision for income taxes.

McDonald's USA, LLC 7

Comprehensive Income
The FASB Topic 220 – Comprehensive Income does not apply to the Company since there are no items of other comprehensive income in
any period presented.

Property and Equipment
Net property and equipment consisted of:
In millions

December 31,
$

Land
Buildings and improvements on owned land
Buildings and improvements on leased land
Equipment, signs and seating
Other
Property and equipment, at cost
Accumulated depreciation and amortization
Net property and equipment

$

2024
4,167.2
12,096.1
5,666.7
923.6
67.5
22,921.1
(9,840.7)
13,080.4

2023
4,144.4
11,704.5
5,259.7
978.7
73.5
22,160.8
(9,232.8)
12,928.0

$

$

Depreciation and amortization expense for property and equipment was (in millions): 2024–$869.7; 2023–$864.9; 2022–$833.0.
McDonald’s has retained legal title to certain property and equipment assets, which are in turn used by the Company in accordance with
extended intercompany agreements. Such assets are included in the amounts above.

Franchise Arrangements
Conventional franchise arrangements generally include a lease and a license and provide for payment of initial fees, as well as continuing
rent and royalties to the Company based upon a percent of sales with minimum rent payments. Minimum rent payments are based on the
Company's underlying investment in owned sites and parallel the Company’s underlying leases and escalations on properties that are
leased. Under the franchise arrangement, franchisees are granted the right to operate a restaurant using the McDonald’s System and, in
most cases, the use of a restaurant facility, generally for a period of 20 years. At the end of the 20-year franchise arrangement, the
Company maintains control of the underlying real estate and building and can either enter into a new 20-year franchise arrangement with
the existing franchisee or a different franchisee or close the restaurant. Franchisees generally pay related occupancy costs including
property taxes, insurance and site maintenance.
McDonald’s has elected to allocate consideration in the franchise contract among lease and non-lease components in the same manner
that it has historically: rental income (lease), royalty income (non-lease) and initial fee income (non-lease). This disaggregation and
presentation of revenue is based on the nature, amount, timing and certainty of the revenue and cash flows. The allocation has been
determined based on a mix of both observable and estimated standalone selling prices (the price at which an entity would sell a promised
good or service separately to a customer).
Revenues from franchised restaurants consisted of:
In millions

Rents
Royalties
Initial fees
Revenues from franchised restaurants

$

$

2024
5,170.7 $
2,014.5
25.4

2023
5,140.3 $
1,998.1
25.0

2022
4,724.0
1,837.5
23.2

7,210.6

7,163.4

6,584.7

$

$

Future gross minimum rent payments due to the Company under existing conventional franchise arrangements are:
In millions

Owned sites

Leased sites

2025
2026
2027
2028
2029
Thereafter
Total minimum payments

$

857.7
820.0
786.4
748.3
695.7
4,440.9

$

603.7
575.9
550.8
518.2
483.5
3,077.9

$ 1,461.4
1,395.9
1,337.2
1,266.5
1,179.2
7,518.8

Total

$ 8,349.0

$

5,810.0

$14,159.0

At December 31, 2024, net property and equipment under franchise arrangements totaled $11.5 billion (including land of $3.9 billion)
after deducting accumulated depreciation and amortization of $8.4 billion.

McDonald's USA, LLC 8

Leasing Arrangements
The Company is the lessee in a significant real estate portfolio, primarily through ground leases (the Company leases the land and generally
owns the building) and through improved leases (the Company leases land and buildings). The Company determines whether an
arrangement is a lease at inception. Lease terms for most restaurants, where market conditions allow, are generally for 20 years and, in
many cases, provide for rent escalations and renewal options. Renewal options are typically solely at the Company’s discretion. Escalation
terms vary by market with examples including fixed-rent escalations, escalations based on an inflation index and fair-value market
adjustments. The timing of these escalations generally ranges from annually to every five years.
The following table provides detail of rent expense:
2024
2023
2022
23.3 $ 22.8 $ 22.5
540.5
537.2
529.4
29.2
35.0
33.2
$ 593.0 $ 595.0 $ 585.1

In millions

$

Company-owned and operated restaurants
Franchised restaurants
Other
Total rent expense

Rent expense included percent rents in excess of minimum rents (in millions) as follows – Franchised restaurants: 2024–$101.9; 2023–
$98.9; 2022–$89.1.
The Lease right-of-use asset and Lease liability reflect the present value of the Company's estimated future minimum lease payments
over the lease term, which includes options that are reasonably certain of being exercised, discounted using a collateralized incremental
borrowing rate. Typically, renewal options are considered reasonably certain of being exercised if the associated asset lives of the building
or leasehold improvements exceed that of the initial lease term, and the sales performance of the restaurant remains strong. Therefore, the
Lease right-of-use asset and Lease liability include an assumption on renewal options that have not yet been exercised by the Company,
and are not currently a future obligation.
The following table details amounts related to operating and finance leases recorded within the Company's Consolidated Balance
Sheet.
December 31, 2024
In millions

Lease right-of use asset, net
Current Lease liability
Long-term lease liability

$

Operating
4,821.4 $
187.0
5,075.1

Finance
1,020.0 $
8.9
773.9

Total
5,841.4
195.9
5,849.0

Operating
4,952.9 $
156.8
5,191.6

Finance
884.6 $
37.8
647.3

Total
5,837.5
194.6
5,838.9

December 31, 2023
In millions

Lease right-of use asset, net
Current Lease liability
Long-term lease liability

$

As the rate implicit in each lease is not readily determinable, the Company uses an incremental borrowing rate to calculate the lease
liability that represents an estimate of the interest rate the Company would incur to borrow on a collateralized basis over the term of a lease
within a particular currency environment.
The following table summarizes the weighted average remaining lease term and discount rate used for leases as of December 31, 2024
and 2023:

Weighted-average remaining lease term - operating leases
Weighted-average remaining lease term - finance leases
Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases
Weighted-average discount rate - finance leases

2024
17 Years
28 Years
4.4 %
4.1 %

2023
17 Years
28 Years
4.4 %
3.8 %

The Company makes cash payments related to its operating and finance lease liabilities, of which the majority are recorded within
operating activities on the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. For each of the three years reflected within its cash flow statement, the
Company made total payments of approximately $0.6 billion. Of these total payments, approximately 4% related to the Company's
repayment of the principal portion of finance lease liabilities in operating activities, and 4% were recorded within financing activities on the
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. Lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating and finance lease liabilities totaled
approximately $0.1 billion and $0.1 billion, respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2024.

McDonald's USA, LLC 9

As of December 31, 2024, maturities of lease liabilities for its lease portfolio were as follows:
In millions
2025
2026
2027
2028
2029
Thereafter
Total lease payments
Less: imputed interest
Present value of lease liability
*

$

$
$

Operating
433.5 $
411.6
405.6
395.7
382.8
5,519.0
7,548.2 $
(2,286.1)
5,262.1 $

Finance
40.5 $
41.6
42.2
42.7
43.3
1,243.7
1,454.0 $
(671.2)
782.8 $

Total *
474.0
453.2
447.8
438.4
426.1
6,762.7
9,002.2
(2,957.3)
6,044.9

Total lease payments include option periods that are reasonably assured of being exercised.

The increase in the present value of the lease liability since December 31, 2023 is immaterial. The lease liability will continue to be
impacted by new leases, lease modifications, lease terminations, and reevaluation of lease terms.

Contingencies
In the ordinary course of business, the Company is subject to proceedings, lawsuits and other claims primarily related to competitors,
customers, employees, franchisees, government agencies, intellectual property, shareholders and suppliers. The Company is required to
assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to these matters as well as potential ranges of probable losses. A
determination of the amount of accrual required, if any, for these contingencies is made after careful analysis of each matter. The required
accrual may change in the future due to new developments in a particular matter or changes in approach such as a change in settlement
strategy in dealing with these matters. The Company does not believe that any such matter currently being reviewed will have a material
adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations.

Other Operating (Income) Expense, Net
In millions

Gains on sales of restaurant businesses
Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates
Asset dispositions and other expense, net
Other charges (gains)
Total
▪

$

$

2024
(46.7) $
—
60.8
(6.9)
7.2 $

2023
(29.3) $
—
30.2
71.4
72.3 $

2022
(28.8)
(0.1)
60.5
—
31.6

Gains on sales of restaurant businesses

The Company’s purchases and sales of businesses with its franchisees are aimed at achieving an optimal ownership mix in each Field
Office. Resulting gains or losses on sales of restaurant businesses are recorded in operating income because these transactions are a
recurring part of the Company's business.
▪

Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates

Unconsolidated affiliates and partnerships are businesses in which the Company actively participates but does not control. The Company
records equity in earnings from these entities representing McDonald’s share of results. These results are reported before income taxes.
These partnership restaurants are operated under conventional franchise arrangements.
▪

Asset dispositions and other expense, net

Asset dispositions and other expense, net consists of gains or losses on excess property and other asset dispositions, provisions for
restaurant closings, reserves for bad debts, asset write-offs due to restaurant reinvestment, strategic sale of properties, litigation
settlements, and other miscellaneous income and expenses.
▪

Other charges (gains)

These charges include costs associated with the write down of long-lived assets from their carrying value to their fair value, as well as
charges associated with strategic initiatives, such as restructuring activities.

McDonald's USA, LLC 10

Accelerating the Organization
In January 2023, the Company announced an evolution of its successful Accelerating the Arches strategy. Enhancements to the
strategy include the addition of Restaurant Development to the Company's growth pillars and an internal effort to modernize ways of
working, Accelerating the Organization, both of which are aimed at elevating the Company's performance. Accelerating the Organization is
designed to unlock further growth as the Company focuses on becoming faster, more innovative and more efficient for its customers and
people.
The Company incurred $1.2 million of net restructuring charges related to Accelerating the Organization for the year ended December
31, 2024, which brings total restructuring charges to $63.6 million since the initiative commenced. These net restructuring charges were
recorded in the Other operating (income) expense, net line within the Consolidated Statement of Income. For the current year, restructuring
charges primarily consisted of employee termination benefits. There were no significant non-cash impairment charges included in the
amounts listed in the table below.
The following table summarizes the balance of accrued expenses related to this strategic initiative (in millions):
Employee
Termination
Benefits
2023
Accrued Balance at Beginning of Year
Restructuring Costs Incurred
Cash Payments
Other Non-Cash Items
Accrued Balance at December 31, 2023
2024
Accrued Balance at Beginning of Year
Restructuring Costs Incurred
Cash Payments
Other Non-Cash Items
Accrued Balance at December 31, 2024

$

Costs to
Terminate
Contracts

Professional
Services and
Other costs

Total

— $
19.9
(14.9)
—
5.0 $

— $
26.6
(18.3)
—
8.3 $

— $
15.9
(0.7)
(17.1)
(1.9) $

—
62.4
(33.9)
(17.1)
11.4

$

5.0 $
1.6
(3.3)
—

8.3 $
(0.4)
(4.7)
—

(1.9) $
—
—
(0.2)

11.4
1.2
(8.0)
(0.2)

$

3.3 $

3.2 $

(2.1) $

4.4

$

Substantially all of the accrued restructuring balance recorded at December 31, 2024, related to the Company's Accelerating the
Organization initiative, is expected to be paid out over the next twelve months.

McDonald's USA, LLC 11

Income Taxes
The provision for income taxes, classified by the timing and location of payment, was as follows:
In millions

U.S. federal
U.S. state
Current tax provision
U.S. federal
U.S. state
Deferred tax provision
Provision for income taxes

2024
2023
853.9 $
939.7 $
179.4
148.8
1,033.3
1,088.5
18.4
(9.7)
(6.8)
(8.0)
11.6
(17.7)
$ 1,044.9 $ 1,070.8 $

$

2022
795.5
181.9
977.4
23.2
(33.9)
(10.7)
966.7

Net deferred tax (assets) liabilities consisted of:
In millions

Property and equipment
Intangible and tax-deductive goodwill
Lease right-of-use asset
Other
Total deferred tax liabilities
Employee benefit plans
Deferred revenue
Operating loss carryforwards
Lease liability
Other
Total deferred tax assets before valuation allowance
Valuation allowance
Net deferred tax (assets) liabilities

December 31, 2024
2023
$ 1,356.0 $ 1,370.6
272.7
280.4
1,400.4
1,415.7
26.0
11.8
3,055.1
3,078.5
(56.4)
(61.8)
(78.7)
(79.0)
(2.0)
(1.0)
(1,449.9) (1,463.2)
(52.6)
(69.4)
(1,639.6) (1,674.4)
1.2
1.1
$ 1,416.7 $ 1,405.2

The statutory U.S. federal income tax rate reconciles to the effective income tax rates as follows:
Statutory U.S. federal income tax rate
State income taxes, net of related federal income tax benefit
U.S. net deferred tax liability remeasurement
Other, net
Effective income tax rates

2024
2023
2022
21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 %
3.0
2.3
2.8
0.0
0.0
0.0
(0.8)
0.7
(0.2)
23.2 % 24.0 % 23.6 %

As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company’s gross unrecognized tax benefits totaled $75.8 million and $70.6 million,
respectively. After considering the federal impact on state issues, it is expected that about $59.9 million of the total as of December 31, 2024
would favorably affect the effective tax rate if resolved in the Company’s favor.
The following table presents a reconciliation of the beginning and ending amounts of unrecognized tax benefits:
In millions

Balance at January 1
Decreases for positions taken in prior years
Increases for positions taken in prior years
Increases for positions related to the current year
Settlements with taxing authorities
Lapsing of statutes of limitations
Balance at December 31(1)
(1)

$

$

2024
70.6 $
(5.0)
7.4
10.2
(7.4)
—
75.8 $

2023
100.8
(19.3)
0.8
6.8
(18.5)
—
70.6

Of this amount, $23.3 million and $17.4 million are included in current liabilities with the remainder in Other long-term liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet
for 2024 and 2023, respectively.

It is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits could decrease up to $23.3 million within the next 12
months, of which $18.4 million could favorably affect the effective tax rate. This decrease would result from the completion of tax audits in
multiple tax jurisdictions and the expiration of the statute of limitations.

McDonald's USA, LLC

12

With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state, and local income tax examinations by tax authorities for
years before 2009.
The Company had $25.7 million and $20.8 million accrued for interest at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and no accrual for
penalties in either year. The Company recognized interest and penalties related to tax matters of $4.8 million expense in 2024, $3.9 million
benefit in 2023, and $1.7 million expense in 2022, which are included in the provision for income taxes.

Employee Benefit Plans
The Company's 401(k) Plan is maintained for U.S.-based employees and includes a 401(k) feature, as well as an employer match. The
401(k) feature allows eligible participants to make pre-tax and Roth contributions that are matched each pay period (with an annual true-up)
through cash contributions.
All current account balances, future contributions and related earnings can be invested in nine investment alternatives (including a
target date fund series), as well as McDonald’s stock in accordance with each participant’s investment elections. Future participant
contributions are limited to 20% investment in McDonald’s stock and participants may not transfer their existing account balance into
McDonald’s stock if the transfer would cause the value of their interest in the fund to exceed 20% of their total 401(k) Plan account balance.
Participants may choose to make separate investment choices for current account balances and future contributions.
The Company also maintains certain unfunded nonqualified supplemental benefit plans that allow participants to (i) make tax-deferred
contributions and (ii) receive Company-provided matching allocations that cannot be made under the 401(k) Plan because of IRS limitations.
The investment alternatives and returns are based on certain market-rate investment alternatives under the 401(k) Plan, net of expenses.
Total liabilities were $151.1 million and $162.6 million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and were primarily included in Other
long-term liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
McDonald’s on behalf of McDonald’s USA, LLC has entered into derivative contracts to hedge market-driven changes in certain of the
liabilities. All changes in liabilities for these nonqualified plans and in the fair value of the derivatives are recorded in Selling, general &
administrative expenses.
Total U.S. costs for the 401(k) Plan and nonqualified benefits and related hedging activities, were (in millions): 2024–$28.6; 2023–
$21.2; 2022–$21.4.

Related Party Transactions
In exchange for intellectual property license rights, the Company pays McDonald’s a royalty equal to two percent of Company-owned and
operated and franchised restaurant sales. Royalty expense was (in millions): 2024–$1,069.4; 2023–$1,062.7; 2022–$975.8.
In addition, the Company paid dividends to McDonald’s of (in millions): 2024–$3,461.6; 2023–$3,394.4; 2022–$3,095.7.
In addition, McDonald’s Corporation has provided the time and expenses for certain administrative functions to McDonald's USA, LLC
without charge. These costs have not been reflected in the results of McDonald's USA, LLC for the years ended 2024, 2023 and 2022.
In 2024 and 2023, the Company had the following payable arrangements with McDonald’s, each of which accrue interest using the
prevailing 12 month swap rate + 1% at the beginning of the period and mature on February 17, 2025.

Lender

Line of Credit
December 31,

In millions

2024

McDonald's
McDonald's
McDonald's
Total

$

$

1,500.0
900.0
—
2,400.0

Outstanding Amount
December 31,
2023

$

$

1,500.0
900.0
1,000.0
3,400.0

2024

$

$

1,500.0
900.0
—
2,400.0

2023

$

$

1,500.0
900.0
—
2,400.0

The Company incurred interest related to the payables due to McDonald’s as follows (in millions): 2024–$159.1; 2023–$165.9; 2022–
$59.4. As of December 31, 2024, and 2023, the Company had accrued interest due to McDonald’s, classified as a current liability of $0.3
million and $88.9 million, respectively.
Additionally, McDonald's had a $675.0 million revolver available from the Company through December 31 2024, which may exceed
$675.0 million from time to time but not on the maturity date. There were no draws on this revolver during the year. No amounts were
outstanding at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
The Company had a net intercompany payable balance of $910.6 million as of December 31, 2024 and $697.0 million as of
December 31, 2023.
McDonald’s on behalf of McDonald’s USA, LLC incurs certain expenses that are allocated to the subsidiary. These expenses are
recorded in Selling, general & administrative expenses and are allocated ratably based on the amount which relates to McDonald’s USA,
LLC. These expenses include legal expenses, share-based compensation expenses, and other selling, general, and administrative
expenses.

McDonald's USA, LLC 13

Subsequent Events
On February 17, 2025, the $2.4B of payable arrangements with McDonald's matured and were subsequently converted to equity. As a
result, this no longer represents an obligation for the Company.

McDonald's USA, LLC 14

EXHIBIT B
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT (TRADITIONAL)
[CITY, STATE]
[Address]
L/C: __________
File #: __________
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
THIS FRANCHISE AGREEMENT (“Franchise”) made this _____ day of _______________, for the
operation of a McDonald’s restaurant located at __________________________________________________ (the
“Restaurant”) by and between:
McDONALD’S USA, LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company,
(“McDonald’s”)
and
______________________________
______________________________
(collectively “Franchisee”)
for the purpose of granting the Franchisee the rights necessary to operate the Restaurant.
In consideration of the mutual rights and obligations contained herein McDonald’s and Franchisee agree as
follows:
1.

Nature and Scope of Franchise.
(a)

McDonald’s operates a restaurant system (“McDonald’s System”). The McDonald’s

System is a comprehensive system for the ongoing development, operation, and maintenance of McDonald’s
restaurant locations which have been selected and developed for the retailing of a limited menu of uniform and
quality food products, emphasizing prompt and courteous service in a clean, wholesome atmosphere which is
intended to be attractive to children and families and includes proprietary rights in certain valuable trade names,
service marks, and trademarks, including the trade names “McDonald’s” and “McDonald’s Hamburgers,” designs
and color schemes for restaurant buildings, signs, equipment layouts, formulas and specifications for certain food
products, methods of inventory and operation control, bookkeeping and accounting, and manuals covering business
practices and policies. The McDonald’s System is operated and is advertised widely within the United States of
America and in certain foreign countries.

1

(b)

McDonald’s holds the right to authorize the adoption and use of the McDonald’s System

at the Restaurant. The rights granted to the Franchisee to operate the Restaurant are set forth in this Franchise,
including the Operator’s Lease (“Lease”) which is attached hereto as Exhibit A, incorporated in this Franchise.
(c)

The foundation of the McDonald’s System and the essence of this Franchise is the

adherence by Franchisee to standards and policies of McDonald’s providing for the uniform operation of all
McDonald’s restaurants within the McDonald’s System including, but not limited to, serving only designated food
and beverage products; the use of only prescribed equipment and building layout and designs; strict adherence to
designated food and beverage specifications and to McDonald’s prescribed standards of Quality, Service, and
Cleanliness in the Restaurant operation. Compliance by Franchisee with the foregoing standards and policies in
conjunction with the McDonald’s trademarks and service marks provides the basis for the valuable goodwill and
wide family acceptance of the McDonald’s System. Moreover, the establishment and maintenance of a close
personal working relationship with McDonald’s in the conduct of Franchisee’s McDonald’s restaurant business,
Franchisee’s accountability for performance of the obligations contained in this Franchise, and Franchisee’s
adherence to the tenets of the McDonald’s System constitute the essence of this Franchise.
(d)

The provisions of this Franchise shall be interpreted to give effect to the intent of the parties

stated in this paragraph 1 so that the Restaurant shall be operated in conformity to the McDonald’s System through
strict adherence to McDonald’s standards and policies as they exist now and as they may be from time to time
modified.
(e)

Franchisee acknowledges Franchisee’s understanding of McDonald’s basic business policy

that McDonald’s will grant franchises only to those individuals who live in the locality of their McDonald’s
restaurant, actually own the entire equity interest in the business of the Restaurant and its profits, and who will work
full time at their McDonald’s restaurant business. Franchisee represents, warrants, and agrees that Franchisee
actually owns the complete equity interest in this Franchise and the profits from the operation of the Restaurant,
and that Franchisee shall maintain such interest during the term of this Franchise except only as otherwise permitted
pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Franchise. Franchisee agrees to furnish McDonald’s with such evidence
as McDonald’s may request, from time to time, for the purpose of assuring McDonald’s that Franchisee’s interest
remains as represented herein.
(f)

Franchisee agrees to pay to McDonald’s all required payments under this Franchise,

including, without limitation, the payments set forth in paragraphs 8 and 9 herein and paragraph 3.01 of the Lease.
All payments hereby required constitute a single financial arrangement between Franchisee and McDonald’s which,
taken as a whole and without regard to any designation or descriptions, reflect the value of the authorization being
made available to the Franchisee by McDonald’s in this Franchise and the services rendered by McDonald’s during
the term hereof.
2.

Franchise Grant and Term.
(a)

McDonald’s grants to Franchisee for the following stated term the right, license, and

privilege:
2

(i)

to adopt and use the McDonald’s System at the Restaurant;

(ii)

to advertise to the public that Franchisee is a franchisee of McDonald’s;

(iii)

to adopt and use, but only in connection with the sale of those food and beverage

products which have been designated by McDonald’s at the Restaurant, the trade names, trademarks, and service
marks which McDonald’s shall designate, from time to time, to be part of the McDonald’s System; and
(iv)

to occupy the Restaurant as provided herein.

The rights granted under this Franchise are limited to the Restaurant’s location only.
(b)

The term of this Franchise shall begin on ______________ and end on ______________,

unless terminated prior thereto pursuant to the provisions hereof.
3.

General Services of McDonald’s.

McDonald’s shall advise and consult with Franchisee

periodically in connection with the operation of the Restaurant and also, upon Franchisee’s request, at other
reasonable times. McDonald’s shall communicate to Franchisee know-how, new developments, techniques, and
improvements in areas of restaurant management, food preparation, and service which are pertinent to the operation
of a restaurant using the McDonald’s System. The communications shall be accomplished by visits by operations
consultants, printed and filmed reports, seminars, and newsletter mailings. McDonald’s shall also make available
to Franchisee all additional services, facilities, rights, and privileges relating to the operation of the Restaurant
which McDonald’s makes generally available, from time to time, to all its franchisees operating McDonald’s
restaurants.
4.

Manuals. McDonald’s shall provide Franchisee with the business manuals prepared for use by

franchisees of McDonald’s restaurants similar to the Restaurant. The business manuals contain detailed information
including: (a) required operations procedures; (b) methods of inventory control; (c) bookkeeping and accounting
procedures; (d) business practices and policies; and (e) other management and advertising policies. Franchisee
agrees to promptly adopt and use exclusively the formulas, methods, and policies contained in the business manuals,
now and as they may be modified from time to time. Franchisee acknowledges that McDonald’s or its affiliates
own all proprietary rights in and to the McDonald’s System and that the information revealed in the business
manuals, in their entirety, constitute confidential trade secrets. Without the prior written consent of McDonald’s,
Franchisee shall not disclose the contents of the business manuals to any person, except employees of Franchisee
for purposes related solely to the operation of the Restaurant, nor shall Franchisee reprint or reproduce the manuals
in whole or in part for any purpose except in connection with instruction of employees in the operation of the
Restaurant. Such manuals, as modified from time to time, and the policies contained therein, are incorporated in
this Franchise by reference.
5.

Advertising. McDonald’s employs both public relations and advertising specialists who formulate

and carry out national and local advertising programs for the McDonald’s System.
Franchisee shall use only advertising and promotional materials and programs provided by
McDonald’s or approved in advance, in writing, by McDonald’s. Neither the approval by McDonald’s of

3

Franchisee’s advertising and promotional material nor the providing of such material by McDonald’s to Franchisee
shall, directly or indirectly, require McDonald’s to pay for such advertising or promotion.
Franchisee shall expend during each calendar year for advertising and promotion of the Restaurant
to the general public an amount which is not less than four percent (4%) of Gross Sales (as that term is defined in
paragraph 7) for such year. Expenditures by Franchisee to national and regional cooperative advertising and
promotion of the McDonald’s System, or to a group of McDonald’s restaurants which includes the Restaurant, shall
be a credit against the required minimum expenditures for advertising and promotion to the general public.
6.

Training. McDonald’s shall make available to Franchisee the services of Hamburger University,

the international training center for the McDonald’s System. Franchisee acknowledges the importance of quality
of business operation among all restaurants in the McDonald’s System and agrees to enroll Franchisee and
Franchisee’s managers, present and future, at Hamburger University or at such other training center as may be
designated by McDonald’s from time to time. McDonald’s shall bear the cost of maintaining Hamburger University
and any other training centers, including the overhead costs of training, staff salaries, materials, and all technical
training tools, and agrees to provide to Franchisee both basic and advanced instruction for the operation of a
McDonald’s System restaurant. Franchisee shall pay all traveling, living, compensation, or other expenses incurred
by Franchisee and Franchisee’s employees in connection with attendance at Hamburger University or such other
training centers.
7.

Gross Sales. For the purposes of this Franchise, the term “Gross Sales” shall mean all revenues

from sales of the Franchisee based upon all business conducted upon or from the Restaurant, whether such sales be
evidenced by check, cash, credit, charge account, exchange, or otherwise, and shall include, but not be limited to,
the amounts received from the sale of goods, wares, and merchandise, including sales of food, beverages, and
tangible property of every kind and nature, promotional or otherwise, and for services performed from or at the
Restaurant, together with the amount of all orders taken or received at the Restaurant, whether such orders be filled
from the Restaurant or elsewhere. Gross Sales shall not include sales of merchandise for which cash has been
refunded, provided that such sales shall have previously been included in Gross Sales. There shall be deducted
from Gross Sales the price of merchandise returned by customers for exchange, provided that such returned
merchandise shall have been previously included in Gross Sales, and provided that the sales price of merchandise
delivered to the customer in exchange shall be included in Gross Sales. Gross Sales shall not include the amount
of any sales tax imposed by any federal, state, municipal, or other governmental authority directly on sales and
collected from customers, provided that the amount thereof is added to the selling price or absorbed therein and
actually paid by the Franchisee to such governmental authority. Each charge or sale upon credit shall be treated as
a sale for the full price in the month during which such charge or sale shall be made, irrespective of the time when
the Franchisee shall receive payment (whether full or partial) therefor.
8.

(a)

Royalty. Franchisee shall pay a monthly royalty on or before the tenth (10th) day of the

following month in an amount equal to [ ] percent ([ ]%) of the Gross Sales of the Restaurant (FDD note: see Item
6, Footnote 2) for the preceding month immediately ended.
4

(b)

Method of Payment. Franchisee shall at all times participate in the McDonald’s automatic

debit/credit transfer program as specified by McDonald’s from time to time for the payment of all amounts due
McDonald’s pursuant to this Franchise. Franchisee shall execute and deliver to McDonald’s such documents and
instruments as may be necessary to establish and maintain said automatic debit/credit transfer program.
(c)

Interest on Delinquencies. In the event that the Franchisee is past due on the payment of

any amount due McDonald’s under this Franchise, including accrued interest, the Franchisee shall be required, to
the extent permitted by law, to pay interest on the past due amount to McDonald’s for the period beginning with
the original due date for payment to the date of actual payment at an annual rate equal to the highest rate allowed
by law or, if there is no maximum rate permitted by law, then fifteen percent (15%). Such interest will be calculated
on the basis of monthly compounding and the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365.
9.

Initial Fee. Franchisee acknowledges that: (a) the initial grant of this Franchise constitutes the

sole consideration for the payment of an Initial Fee of Forty-Five Thousand Dollars ($45,000.00) paid by Franchisee
to McDonald’s; and (b) the fee has been earned by McDonald’s (except where the construction of the Restaurant
has not been completed within one (1) year from the date of the execution and delivery of this Franchise). If the
Restaurant has not been constructed or is not ready for occupancy at the time of the execution of this Franchise,
McDonald’s shall use its best efforts to expedite the construction and lease of the Restaurant to Franchisee.
However, McDonald’s shall not be liable to Franchisee in any manner for any delays in or lack of completion of
such construction for any reason. McDonald’s shall be under no obligation to enforce performance or to seek other
remedies for non-performance of any lease, clause, or contract necessary for the construction of the Restaurant and
reserves the right, in case construction of the Restaurant should be abandoned, the lease assigned, or other interest
in the premises be relinquished, to terminate this Franchise upon reimbursement to Franchisee of the Initial Fee. At
such time as the Restaurant is completed and ready for occupancy, the Initial Fee shall be deemed to be earned. If
the Restaurant is not ready for occupancy within one (1) year from the date of this Franchise, Franchisee shall have
the right to terminate this Franchise and obtain an immediate refund of the Initial Fee upon written request to
McDonald’s.
10.

Reports. On or before 11:00 a.m. Central Standard Time on the first business day of each month,

Franchisee shall render, in a manner specified by McDonald’s, a statement, in such form as McDonald’s shall
reasonably require from time to time, of all receipts from the operation of the Restaurant for the preceding month
immediately ended. On or before the twenty-fifth (25th) day of each month Franchisee shall submit to McDonald’s
an operating statement and a statistical report for the previous month in form satisfactory to McDonald’s.
Franchisee shall keep and preserve full and complete records of Gross Sales for at least three (3) years in a manner
and form satisfactory to McDonald’s and shall also deliver such additional financial and operating reports and other
information as McDonald’s may reasonably request on the forms and in the manner prescribed by McDonald’s.
Franchisee further agrees to submit within ninety (90) days following the close of each fiscal year of the Restaurant’s
operation, a profit and loss statement covering operations during such fiscal year and a balance sheet taken as of the
close of such fiscal year, all prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The profit and
5

loss statement and the balance sheet shall, if McDonald’s shall request certification, be certified by a certified public
accountant. Franchisee shall at Franchisee’s expense cause Franchisee’s public accountant and certified public
accountant, if any, to consult with McDonald’s concerning such statement and balance sheet. The original of each
such report required by this paragraph 10 shall be mailed to McDonald’s at the address indicated in paragraph 22
herein.
McDonald’s shall have the right to inspect and/or audit Franchisee’s accounts, books, records, and
tax returns at all reasonable times to ensure that Franchisee is complying with the terms of this Franchise. If such
inspection discloses that Gross Sales actually exceeded the amount reported by Franchisee as Gross Sales by an
amount equal to two percent (2%) or more of Gross Sales originally reported to McDonald’s, Franchisee shall bear
the cost of such inspection and audit.
11.

Restrictions. Franchisee agrees and covenants as follows:
(a)

During the term of this Franchise, Franchisee shall not, without the prior written consent

of McDonald’s, directly or indirectly, engage in, acquire any financial or beneficial interest (including interests in
corporations, partnerships, trusts, unincorporated associations, or joint ventures) in, or become a landlord for any
restaurant business, which is similar to the Restaurant.
(b)

Franchisee shall not, for a period of eighteen (18) months after termination of this Franchise

for any reason or the sale of the Restaurant, directly or indirectly, engage in or acquire any financial or beneficial
interest (including any interest in corporations, partnerships, trusts, unincorporated associations, or joint ventures)
in, or become a landlord of any restaurant business which is similar to the Restaurant within a ten-mile radius of
the Restaurant.
(c)

Franchisee shall not appropriate, use, or duplicate the McDonald’s System, or any portion

thereof, for use at any other self-service, carry-out, or other similar restaurant business.
(d)

Franchisee shall not disclose or reveal any portion of the McDonald’s System to a

non-franchisee other than to Franchisee’s Restaurant employees as an incident of their training.
(e)

Franchisee shall acquire no right to use, or to license the use of, any name, mark, or other

intellectual property right granted or to be granted herein, except in connection with the operation of the Restaurant.
The restrictions contained in paragraphs 11(a) and 11(b) herein shall not apply to ownership of less
than two percent (2%) of the shares of a company whose shares are listed and traded on a national or regional
securities exchange.
12.

Compliance With Entire System.

Franchisee acknowledges that every component of the

McDonald’s System is important to McDonald’s and to the operation of the Restaurant as a McDonald’s restaurant,
including a designated menu of food and beverage products; uniformity of food specifications, preparation methods,
quality, and appearance; and uniformity of facilities and service.
McDonald’s shall have the right to inspect the Restaurant at all reasonable times to ensure that
Franchisee’s operation thereof is in compliance with the standards and policies of the McDonald’s System.

6

Franchisee shall comply with the entire McDonald’s System, including, but not limited to, the
following:
(a)

Operate the Restaurant in a clean, wholesome manner in compliance with prescribed

standards of Quality, Service, and Cleanliness; comply with all business policies, practices, and procedures imposed
by McDonald’s; serve at the Restaurant only those food and beverage products now or hereafter designated by
McDonald’s; and maintain the building, fixtures, equipment, signage, seating and decor, and parking area in a good,
clean, wholesome condition and repair, and well lighted and in compliance with designated standards as may be
prescribed from time to time by McDonald’s;
(b)

Purchase kitchen fixtures, lighting, seating, signs, and other equipment in accordance with

the equipment specifications and layout initially designated by McDonald’s and, promptly after notice from
McDonald’s that the Restaurant premises are ready for occupancy, cause the installation thereof;
(c)

Keep the Restaurant constructed and equipped in accordance with the building blueprints

and equipment layout plans that are standard in the McDonald’s System or as such blueprints and plans may be
reasonably changed from time to time by McDonald’s;
(d)

Franchisee shall not, without the prior written consent of McDonald’s: (i) make any

building design conversion or (ii) make any alterations, conversions, or additions to the building, equipment, or
parking area;
(e)

Make repairs or replacements required: (i) because of damage or wear and tear or (ii) in

order to maintain the Restaurant building and parking area in good condition and in conformity to blueprints and
plans;
(f)

Where parking is provided, maintain the parking area for the exclusive use of Restaurant

(g)

Operate the Restaurant seven (7) days per week throughout the year and at least during the

customers;
hours from 7:00 a.m. to 11:00 p.m., or such other hours as may from time to time be prescribed by McDonald’s
(except when the Restaurant is untenantable as a result of fire or other casualty), maintain sufficient supplies of
food and paper products, and employ adequate personnel so as to operate the Restaurant at its maximum capacity
and efficiency;
(h)

Cause all employees of Franchisee, while working in the Restaurant, to: (i) wear uniforms

of such color, design, and other specifications as McDonald’s may designate from time to time; (ii) present a neat
and clean appearance; and (iii) render competent and courteous service to Restaurant customers;
(i)

In the dispensing and sale of food products: (i) use only containers, cartons, bags, napkins,

other paper goods, and packaging bearing the approved trademarks and which meet the McDonald’s System
specifications and quality standards which McDonald’s may designate from time to time; (ii) use only those
flavorings, garnishments, and food and beverage ingredients which meet the McDonald’s System specifications and
quality standards which McDonald’s may designate from time to time; and (iii) employ only those methods of food
handling and preparation which McDonald’s may designate from time to time;
7

(j)

To make prompt payment in accordance with the terms of invoices rendered to Franchisee

on Franchisee’s purchase of fixtures, signs, equipment, and food and paper supplies; and
(k)

At Franchisee’s own expense, comply with all federal, state, and local laws, ordinances,

and regulations affecting the operation of the Restaurant.
13.

Best Efforts. Franchisee shall diligently and fully exploit the rights granted in this Franchise by

personally devoting full time and best efforts and, in case more than one individual has executed this Franchise as
the Franchisee, then ______________________________ shall personally devote full time and best efforts to the
operation of the Restaurant. Franchisee shall keep free from conflicting enterprises or any other activities which
would be detrimental to or interfere with the business of the Restaurant.
14.

INTENTIONALLY DELETED.

15.

Assignment. Without the prior written consent of McDonald’s, Franchisee’s interest in this

Franchise shall not be assigned or otherwise transferred in whole or in part (whether voluntarily or by operation of
law) directly, indirectly, or contingently, and then only in accordance with the terms of this paragraph 15.
(a)

Death or Permanent Incapacity of Franchisee. Upon the death or permanent incapacity of

Franchisee, the interest of Franchisee in this Franchise may be assigned either pursuant to the terms of
paragraph 15(d) herein or to one or more of the following persons: Franchisee’s spouse, heirs, or nearest relatives
by blood or marriage, subject to the following conditions: (i) if, in the sole discretion of McDonald’s, such person
shall be capable of conducting the Restaurant business in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Franchise
and (ii) if such person shall also execute an agreement by which the person personally assumes full and
unconditional liability for and agrees to perform all the terms and conditions of this Franchise to the same extent as
the original Franchisee. If, in McDonald’s sole discretion, such person cannot devote full time and best efforts to
the operation of the Restaurant or lacks the capacity to operate the Restaurant in accordance with this Franchise,
McDonald’s shall have an option to operate and/or manage the Restaurant for the account of Franchisee or of
Franchisee’s estate until the deceased or incapacitated Franchisee’s interest is transferred to another party acceptable
to McDonald’s in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Franchise. However, in no event shall such
McDonald’s operation and management of the Restaurant continue for a period in excess of twelve (12) full calendar
months without the consent of Franchisee or Franchisee’s estate. In the event that McDonald’s so operates and/or
manages the Restaurant, McDonald’s shall make a complete account to and return the net income from such
operation to the Franchisee or to Franchisee’s estate, less a reasonable management fee and expenses. If the
disposition of the Restaurant to a party acceptable to McDonald’s has not taken place within twelve (12) months
from the date that McDonald’s has commenced the operation or management of the Restaurant on behalf of the
deceased or incapacitated Franchisee, then, in that event, McDonald’s shall have the option to purchase the
Restaurant at fair market value for cash or its common stock at its option.
(b)

Assignment to Franchisee’s Corporation.

Upon Franchisee’s compliance with such

requirements as may from time to time be prescribed by McDonald’s, including a Stockholders Agreement in the
form prescribed by McDonald’s, McDonald’s shall consent to an assignment to a corporation whose shares are
8

wholly owned and controlled by Franchisee. The corporate name of the corporation shall not include any of the
names or trademarks granted by this Franchise. Any subsequent assignment or transfer, either voluntarily or by
operation of law, of all or any part of said shares shall be made in compliance with the terms and conditions set
forth in paragraphs 15(a) and 15(d) herein.
(c)

First Option to Purchase. Franchisee or Franchisee’s representative shall, at least twenty

(20) days prior to the proposed effective date, give McDonald’s written notice of intent to sell or otherwise transfer
this Franchise pursuant to paragraph 15(d). The notice shall set forth the name and address of the proposed
purchaser and all the terms and conditions of any offer. McDonald’s shall have the first option to purchase the
Restaurant by giving written notice to Franchisee of its intention to purchase on the same terms as the offer within
ten (10) days following McDonald’s receipt of such notice. However, if McDonald’s fails to exercise its option
and the Restaurant is not subsequently sold to the proposed purchaser for any reason, McDonald’s shall continue to
have, upon the same conditions, a first option to purchase the Restaurant upon the terms and conditions of any
subsequent offer.
(d)

Other Assignment. In addition to any assignments or contingent assignments contemplated

by the terms of paragraphs 15(a) and 15(b), Franchisee shall not sell, transfer, or assign this Franchise to any person
or persons without McDonald’s prior written consent. Such consent shall not be arbitrarily withheld.
In determining whether to grant or to withhold such consent, McDonald’s shall consider of
each prospective transferee, by way of illustration, the following: (i) work experience and aptitude, (ii) financial
background, (iii) character, (iv) ability to personally devote full time and best efforts to managing the Restaurant,
(v) residence in the locality of the Restaurant, (vi) equity interest in the Restaurant, (vii) conflicting interests, and
(viii) such other criteria and conditions as McDonald’s shall then apply in the case of an application for a new
franchise to operate a McDonald’s restaurant. McDonald’s consent shall also be conditioned each upon such
transferee’s execution of an agreement by which transferee personally assumes full and unconditional liability for
and agrees to perform from the date of such transfer all obligations, covenants, and agreements contained in this
Franchise to the same extent as if transferee had been an original party to this Franchise. Franchisee and each
transferor shall continue to remain personally liable for all affirmative obligations, covenants, and agreements
contained herein for the full term of this Franchise or for such shorter period as McDonald’s may, in its sole
discretion, determine. Upon each assignment or other transfer of this Franchise to any person or persons under the
terms and conditions of this paragraph 15(d), the percentage royalty charge owing to McDonald’s after the date of
such assignment or transfer shall be automatically adjusted to the then prevailing percentage royalty charge required
under new Franchises issued by McDonald’s for similar McDonald’s restaurants at the time of such assignment or
transfer.
16.

Franchisee Not an Agent of McDonald’s. Franchisee shall have no authority, express or implied,

to act as agent of McDonald’s or any of its affiliates for any purpose. Franchisee is, and shall remain, an independent
contractor responsible for all obligations and liabilities of, and for all loss or damage to, the Restaurant and its
business, including any personal property, equipment, fixtures, or real property connected therewith, and for all
9

claims or demands based on damage or destruction of property or based on injury, illness, or death of any person
or persons, directly or indirectly, resulting from the operation of the Restaurant.

Further, Franchisee and

McDonald’s are not and do not intend to be partners, associates, or joint employers in any way and McDonald’s
shall not be construed to be jointly liable for any acts or omissions of Franchisee under any circumstances.
17.

Insurance. Franchisee shall, upon taking possession of the Restaurant, acquire and maintain in

effect such insurance with such coverages as may be required by the terms of any lease of the Restaurant premises
to McDonald’s, and in any event, Franchisee shall acquire and maintain in effect not less than the following
coverages in the following minimum amounts:
(a)

Worker’s Compensation insurance prescribed by law in the state in which the Restaurant

is located and Employer’s Liability Insurance with $100,000/$500,000/$100,000 minimum limit. If the state in
which the Restaurant is located allows the option of not carrying Worker’s Compensation Insurance, and Franchisee
chooses to exercise that option, Franchisee shall nonetheless carry and maintain other insurance with coverage and
limits as approved by McDonald’s.
(b)

Commercial general liability insurance in a form approved by McDonald’s with a limit of

$5,000,000 per occurrence/$5,000,000 aggregate.
(c)

All such insurance as may be required under the Lease.
All insurance policies required to be carried hereunder shall name McDonald’s and any

party designated by McDonald’s as additional insureds, as their interests may appear in this Franchise. All policies
shall be effective on or prior to the date Franchisee is given possession of the Restaurant premises for the purpose
of installing equipment or opening the Restaurant, whichever occurs first, and evidence of payment of premiums
and duplicate copies of policies of the insurance required herein shall be delivered to McDonald’s at least thirty
(30) days prior to the date that Franchisee opens for business and/or thirty (30) days prior to the expiration date of
an existing policy of insurance. All policies of insurance shall include a provision prohibiting cancellations or
material changes to the policy thereof until thirty (30) days prior written notice has been given to McDonald’s.
In the event Franchisee shall fail to obtain the insurance required herein, McDonald’s may,
but is not obligated to, purchase said insurance, adding the premiums paid to Franchisee’s monthly rent. (Franchisee
may authorize McDonald’s to purchase and to administer the required minimum insurance on Franchisee’s behalf.
However, McDonald’s, by placement of the required minimum insurance, assumes no responsibility for premium
expense nor guarantees payment for any losses sustained by Franchisee.) McDonald’s may relieve itself of all
obligations with respect to the purchase and administration of such required insurance coverage by giving ten (10)
days written notice to Franchisee.
All insurance shall be placed with a reputable insurance company licensed to do business
in the state in which the Restaurant is located and having a Financial Size Category equal to or greater than IX and
Policyholders Rating of “A+” or “A”, as assigned by Alfred M. Best and Company, Inc., unless otherwise approved
by McDonald’s.

10

18.

Material Breach. The parties agree that the happening of any of the following events shall

constitute a material breach of this Franchise and violate the essence of Franchisee’s obligations and, without
prejudice to any of its other rights or remedies at law or in equity, McDonald’s, at its election, may terminate this
Franchise upon the happening of any of the following events:
(a)

Franchisee shall fail to maintain and operate the Restaurant in a good, clean, wholesome

manner and in compliance with the standards prescribed by the McDonald’s System;
(b)

Franchisee shall be adjudicated a bankrupt, become insolvent, or a receiver, whether

permanent or temporary, for all or substantially all of Franchisee’s property, shall be appointed by any court, or
Franchisee shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or a voluntary or involuntary petition under
any bankruptcy law shall be filed with respect to Franchisee and shall not be dismissed within thirty (30) days
thereafter;
(c)

Any payment owing to McDonald’s is not paid within thirty (30) days after the date such

(d)

Any judgment or judgments aggregating in excess of $5,000.00 against Franchisee or any

payment is due;
lien in excess of $5,000.00 against Franchisee’s property shall remain unsatisfied or unbonded of record in excess
of thirty (30) days;
(e)

Franchisee shall cause, suffer, or permit (voluntarily or involuntarily) Franchisee’s right of

possession as lessee or sublessee of the premises on which the Restaurant is located to be terminated prematurely
for any cause whatever;
(f)

Franchisee shall acquire any interest in a business in violation of paragraph 11(a);

(g)

Franchisee shall duplicate the McDonald’s System in violation of paragraph 11(c);

(h)

Franchisee shall make or cause a disclosure of any portion of the McDonald’s System in

violation of paragraph 11(d) or shall make or cause a disclosure of part of the McDonald’s System business manuals;
(i)

Franchisee shall violate paragraph 11(e) by use of any name, trademark, service mark, or

other intellectual property right exceeding the restrictions of said paragraph 11;
(j)

Franchisee shall knowingly sell food or beverage products other than those designated by

McDonald’s or which fail to conform to McDonald’s System specifications for those products, or which are not
prepared in accordance with the methods prescribed by McDonald’s, or fail to sell products designated by
McDonald’s;
(k)

Any assignment or other transfer of any interest of the Franchisee in this Franchise shall

occur in violation of paragraph 15(d) herein;
(l)

Franchisee shall deny McDonald’s the right to inspect the Restaurant at reasonable times;

(m)

Franchisee shall fail to make or make repeated delays in the prompt payment of undisputed

invoices from suppliers or in the remittance of payments as required by this Franchise;
(n)

Franchisee makes any misrepresentations to McDonald’s relating to the acquisition and/or

ownership of this Franchise;
11

(o)

Franchisee engages in public conduct which reflects materially and unfavorably upon the

operation of the Restaurant, the reputation of the McDonald’s System, or the goodwill associated with the
McDonald’s trademarks; provided that engaging in legitimate political activity (including testifying, lobbying, or
otherwise attempting to influence legislation) shall not be grounds for termination;
(p)

Franchisee is convicted of, pleads guilty or no contest to a felony, or any other crime that

is reasonably likely to adversely affect the McDonald’s System, the Restaurant, or the goodwill associated with the
McDonald’s trademarks; or
(q)
19.

Franchisee intentionally understates Gross Sales reported to McDonald’s.

Other Breaches. If Franchisee fails in the performance of any of the terms and conditions of this

Franchise (other than performance of the terms and conditions listed in paragraph 18), Franchisee shall be guilty of
a breach of this Franchise which shall not (except in the case of repeated breaches of the same or of different terms
and conditions of this Franchise) constitute grounds for termination of this Franchise. McDonald’s shall have the
right to seek judicial enforcement of its rights and remedies, including, but not limited to, injunctive relief, damages,
or specific performance. Notwithstanding any of the provisions of this paragraph 19, any uncured breach of the
terms of this Franchise (whether of paragraph 18 or 19) shall be sufficient reason for McDonald’s to withhold
approval of its consent to any assignment or transfer of Franchisee’s interest in this Franchise provided for herein.
20.

Effect of Termination.
(a)

In the event of any material breach of this Franchise, McDonald’s shall have an immediate

right to enter and take possession of the Restaurant in order to maintain continuous operation of the Restaurant, to
provide for orderly change of management and disposition of personal property, and to otherwise protect
McDonald’s interest.
(b)

Upon termination of this Franchise due to any breach or breaches, Franchisee shall not,

without the prior written consent of McDonald’s, remove any furniture, fixtures, signs, equipment, other property,
or leasehold improvements from the premises either prior to or for a period of thirty (30) days following such
termination. McDonald’s shall have the option for thirty (30) days following any such termination to purchase
Franchisee’s furniture, fixtures, signs, equipment, other property, and leasehold improvements or any portion
thereof for a sum equal to the fair market value of such property. In the event of such a termination, there shall be
no payment by McDonald’s for intangible assets of Franchisee.
(c)

Upon termination of this Franchise due to the expiration of its term or as a result of any

eminent domain proceedings affecting the premises upon which the Restaurant is situated, Franchisee shall not
remove any furniture, fixtures, signs, equipment, other property, or leasehold improvements within sixty (60) days
prior to the date specified for termination or the date specified for takeover by any public authority. McDonald’s
shall, upon written notice of its intention to purchase said property at least thirty (30) days prior to such date of
termination, have the option to purchase Franchisee’s furniture, fixtures, signs, equipment, other property, and
leasehold improvements or any portion thereof for a sum equal to the fair market value of such property. In the
event of such a termination, there shall be no payment by McDonald’s for intangible assets of Franchisee.
12

(d)

Upon termination or expiration of this Franchise, Franchisee shall: (i) forthwith return to

McDonald’s the business manuals furnished to Franchisee, together with all other material containing trade secrets,
operating instructions, or business practices; (ii) discontinue the use of the McDonald’s System and its associated
trade names, service marks, and trademarks or the use of any and all signs and printed goods bearing such names
and marks, or any reference to them; (iii) not disclose, reveal, or publish all or any portion of the McDonald’s
System; and (iv) not thereafter use any trade name, service mark, or trademark similar to or likely to be confused
with any trade name, service mark, or trademark used at any time in the McDonald’s System.
21.

Effect of Waivers. No waiver by McDonald’s or any breach or a series of breaches of this Franchise

shall constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach or waiver of the terms of this Franchise.
22.

Notices. Any notice hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered by personal service or by

United States certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, addressed to Franchisee at the Restaurant or to
McDonald’s at 110 N. CARPENTER STREET, CHICAGO, ILLINOIS 60607. Either party, by a similar written
notice, may change the address to which notices shall be sent.
23.

Cost of Enforcement. If McDonald’s institutes any action at law or in equity against Franchisee

to secure or protect McDonald’s rights under or to enforce the terms of this Franchise, in addition to any judgment
entered in its favor, McDonald’s shall be entitled to recover such reasonable attorneys’ fees as may be allowed by
the court together with court costs and expenses of litigation.
24.

Indemnification. If McDonald’s shall be subject to any claim, demand, or penalty or become a

party to any suit or other judicial or administrative proceeding by reason of any claimed act or omission by
Franchisee or Franchisee’s employees or agents, or by reason of any act occurring on the Restaurant premises, or
by reason of an omission with respect to the business or operation of the Restaurant, Franchisee shall indemnify
and hold McDonald’s harmless against all judgments, settlements, penalties, and expenses, including attorneys’
fees, court costs, and other expenses of litigation or administrative proceeding, incurred by or imposed on
McDonald’s in connection with the investigation or defense relating to such claim, litigation, or administrative
proceeding and, at the election of McDonald’s, Franchisee shall also defend McDonald’s.
25.

Construction and Severability. All references in this Franchise to the singular shall include the

plural where applicable. If any part of this Franchise for any reason shall be declared invalid, such decision shall
not affect the validity of any remaining portion, which shall remain in full force and effect. In the event that any
material provision of this Franchise shall be stricken or declared invalid, McDonald’s reserves the right to terminate
this Franchise.
26.

Scope and Modification of Franchise. This Franchise (including Exhibit A and any riders hereto)

constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous, oral or written,
agreements or understandings of the parties. Nothing in this Franchise or in any related agreement, however, is
intended to disclaim the representations made in the Franchise Disclosure Document furnished to Franchisee. No
interpretation, change, termination, or waiver of any of the provisions hereof shall be binding upon McDonald’s
unless in writing signed by an officer or franchising director of McDonald’s, and which is specifically identified as
13

an amendment hereto. No modification, waiver, termination, rescission, discharge, or cancellation of this Franchise
shall affect the right of any party hereto to enforce any claim or right hereunder, whether or not liquidated, which
occurred prior to the date of such modification, waiver, termination, rescission, discharge, or cancellation.
27.

Governing Laws. The terms and provisions of this Franchise shall be interpreted in accordance

with and governed by the laws of the state of Illinois.
28.

Acknowledgment. Franchisee acknowledges that:
(a)

The term of this Franchise is set forth in paragraph 2(b) hereof with no promise or

representation as to the renewal of this Franchise or the grant of a new franchise;
(b)

Franchisee hereby represents that Franchisee has received a copy of this Franchise, has

read and understands all obligations being undertaken, and has had an opportunity to consult with Franchisee’s
attorney with respect thereto at least seven (7) calendar days prior to execution;
(c)

No representation has been made by McDonald’s as to the future profitability of the

(d)

Prior to the execution of this Franchise, Franchisee has worked at a McDonald’s restaurant

Restaurant;
and has had ample opportunity to contact existing franchisees of McDonald’s and to investigate all representations
made by McDonald’s relating to the McDonald’s System;
(e)

This Franchise establishes the Restaurant at the location specified on page 1 hereof only

and that no “exclusive,” “protected,” or other territorial rights in the contiguous market area of such Restaurant is
hereby granted or inferred;
(f)

This Franchise supersedes any and all other agreements and representations respecting the

Restaurant and contains all the terms, conditions, and obligations of the parties with respect to the grant of this
Franchise; however, nothing in this Franchise or in any related agreement is intended to disclaim the representations
made in the Franchise Disclosure Document furnished to Franchisee;
(g)

McDonald’s or its affiliates are the sole owner(s) of the trademarks, trade names, service

marks, and goodwill associated therewith, respectively, and Franchisee acquires no right, title, or interest in those
names and marks other than the right to use them only in the manner and to the extent prescribed and approved by
McDonald’s;
(h)

No future franchise or offers of franchises for additional McDonald’s restaurants, other

than this Franchise, have been promised to Franchisee and any other franchise offer shall only be in writing,
executed by an officer or franchising director of McDonald’s, and identified as a Franchise Agreement or New
Term Offer Letter;
(i)

Neither McDonald’s nor anyone acting on its behalf has made any representations,

inducements, promises, or agreements, orally or otherwise, respecting the subject matter of this Franchise, which is
not embodied herein or set forth in the Franchise Disclosure Document; and
(j)

This Franchise is offered to Franchisee personally and to no others, and may not be

accepted by any other person, partnership, or corporation, or transferred by assignment, will, or operation of law.
14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto set their hands and seals, in duplicate, the day and year in
this instrument first above written.
McDONALD’S USA, LLC

Franchisee

By:
Date

Prepared By:
Date

15

The following changes are made to the Franchise Agreement in the following states:
Hawaii

The following Rider is attached to the Franchise Agreement:
This Rider is made and entered into as of _______________, 20__ (this “Agreement”) by and
between______________________, a ______________ (“Franchisee”) and McDonald’s USA,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“McDonald’s”).
1. Background. McDonald’s and Franchisee are parties to that certain Franchise Agreement dated
__________________________, 20__. This Rider is annexed to and forms part of the
Franchise Agreement. This Agreement is being signed because (a) any of the franchise offer
or sales activity occurred in Hawaii, or (b) Franchisee is a resident of Hawaii.
2. Acknowledgements:
The acknowledgements in Sections 28(b), (c), (d), and (i) of the Franchise Agreement are
hereby deleted.
The following language is added to the end of Section 28 of the Franchise Agreement: No
statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in connection
with the commencement of the Franchise shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under
any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
reliance on any statement made by McDonald’s, or other person acting on behalf of
McDonald’s. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in
connection with this Franchise.

Maryland

The following Rider is attached to the Franchise Agreement:
This Rider is made and entered into as of _______________, 20__ (this “Agreement”) by and
between______________________, a ______________ (“Franchisee”) and McDonald’s USA,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“McDonald’s”).
1. Background. McDonald’s and Franchisee are parties to that certain Franchise Agreement dated
__________________________, 20__ that has been signed concurrently with the signing of
this Rider. This Rider is annexed to and forms part of the Franchise Agreement. This Rider is
being signed because (a) Franchisee is a resident of Maryland, or (b) the Restaurant will be
located or operated in Maryland.
2. Governing Laws. The following sentence is added to the end of Section 27:
However, to the extent required by applicable law, Maryland law will apply to claims arising
under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.
3. Acknowledgment. The following language is added to the end of Section 28 of the Franchise
Agreement:
Such acknowledgments are not intended to nor shall they act as a release, estoppel or waiver
of any liability incurred under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the Franchise shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii)
disclaiming reliance on any statement made by McDonald’s, or other person acting on behalf

of McDonald’s. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in
connection with this Franchise.
The acknowledgements in Sections 28(b), (c), (d) of the Franchise Agreement are hereby
deleted.
Minnesota

Paragraph 27 continues with, “Nothing in this Franchise or the Franchise Disclosure Document
shall in any way abrogate or reduce any rights of the Franchisee as provided for in Minnesota
Statutes, Chapter 80C, or Franchisee’s rights to any procedure, forum, or remedies provided for by
the laws of the jurisdiction.”
A new Paragraph 28(h) is inserted (and remaining sub-paragraphs are renamed (i) through (k)) as
follows: “McDonald’s considers the trademarks, trade names, logo types, service marks, and
commercial symbols to be valuable property rights and continually protects against infringement
of these assets. It protects franchisees against claims of infringement or unfair competition to which
the franchisees might become subjected because of their authorized use of the trademarks, service
marks, logo types, or other commercial symbols in the United States.”
Paragraph 28(l) is added as follows: “With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota law,
McDonald’s will comply with Minnesota Statutes Section 80C.14, Subdivisions 3, 4, and 5 which
require, except in certain specified cases, that the Franchisee be given ninety (90) days notice of
termination (with sixty (60) days to cure) and 180 days notice for non-renewal of this Franchise;
and that consent to the transfer of this Franchise will not be unreasonably withheld.”

North Dakota Paragraph 11(b) continues with, “Covenants not to compete such as those mentioned above are
generally considered unenforceable in the State of North Dakota. However, Franchisee and
McDonald’s agree to enforce these provisions to the extent allowed under law.”
Paragraph 27 continues with, “, except that North Dakota law will govern with respect to claims
arising under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law.”
Washington

Paragraph 28(k) is added as follows: “In recognition of the requirements of the Washington
Franchise Investment Protection Act (the “Act”) and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, this Franchise shall be modified as follows:
The State of Washington has a statute, RCW 19.100.180, which might supersede this Franchise in
Franchisee’s relationship with McDonald’s, including the areas of termination and renewal of this
Franchise. There also might be court decisions which supersede this Franchise in Franchisee’s
relationship with McDonald’s, including the areas of termination and renewal of this Franchise.
In the event of a conflict of laws, to the extent required by the Act, the provisions of the Act,
Chapter 19.100 RCW, shall prevail.
To the extent required by the Act, a release or waiver of rights executed by a franchisee shall not
include rights under the Act except when executed pursuant to a negotiated settlement after the
agreement is in effect and where the parties are represented by independent counsel. Provisions
such as those which unreasonably restrict or limit the statute of limitations period for claims under
the Act, rights or remedies under the Act, such as a right to a jury trial, might not be enforceable;
however, McDonald’s and Franchisee agree to enforce them to the maximum extent the law
allows.”

For California, Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North Dakota, Rhode Island, South
Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin, the following Rider is attached to the Franchise Agreement:

This Rider is made and entered into as of _______________, 20__ (this “Agreement”) by and
between ____________________________, a ______________ (“Franchisee”) and McDonald’s
USA, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“McDonald’s”).
1. Background. McDonald’s and Franchisee are parties to that certain Franchise Agreement dated
__________________________, 20__. This Rider is annexed to and forms part of the
Franchise Agreement.
2. Acknowledgment. The following language is added to the end of Section 28 of the Franchise
Agreement: No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by
Franchisee in connection with the commencement of the Franchise shall have the effect of (i)
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement,
or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by McDonald’s, or other person acting on
behalf of McDonald’s. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in
connection with this Franchise.

EXHIBIT C
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT (SATELLITE)
[CITY, STATE]
[Address]
L/C: __________
File #: __________
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
THIS FRANCHISE AGREEMENT (“Franchise”) made this _____ day of _______________, for the
operation of a McDonald’s restaurant located at __________________________________________________ (the
“Restaurant”) by and between:
McDONALD’S USA, LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company,
(“McDonald’s”)
and
______________________________
______________________________
(collectively “Franchisee”)
for the purpose of granting the Franchisee the rights necessary to operate the Restaurant.
In consideration of the mutual rights and obligations contained herein McDonald’s and Franchisee agree as
follows:
1.

Nature and Scope of Franchise.
(a)

McDonald’s operates a restaurant system (“McDonald’s System”). The McDonald’s

System is a comprehensive system for the ongoing development, operation, and maintenance of McDonald’s
restaurant locations which have been selected and developed for the retailing of a limited menu of uniform and
quality food products, emphasizing prompt and courteous service in a clean, wholesome atmosphere which is
intended to be attractive to children and families and includes proprietary rights in certain valuable trade names,
service marks, and trademarks, including the trade names “McDonald’s” and “McDonald’s Hamburgers,” designs
and color schemes for restaurant buildings, signs, equipment layouts, formulas and specifications for certain food
products, methods of inventory and operation control, bookkeeping and accounting, and manuals covering business
practices and policies. The McDonald’s System is operated and is advertised widely within the United States of
America and in certain foreign countries.
(b)

McDonald’s holds the right to authorize the adoption and use of the McDonald’s System

at the Restaurant. The rights granted to the Franchisee to operate the Restaurant are set forth in this Franchise,
including the Operator’s Lease (“Lease”) which is attached hereto as Exhibit A, incorporated in this Franchise.
1

(c)

The foundation of the McDonald’s System and the essence of this Franchise is the

adherence by Franchisee to standards and policies of McDonald’s providing for the uniform operation of all
McDonald’s restaurants within the McDonald’s System including, but not limited to, serving only designated food
and beverage products; the use of only prescribed equipment and building layout and designs; strict adherence to
designated food and beverage specifications and to McDonald’s prescribed standards of Quality, Service, and
Cleanliness in the Restaurant operation. Compliance by Franchisee with the foregoing standards and policies in
conjunction with the McDonald’s trademarks and service marks provides the basis for the valuable goodwill and
wide family acceptance of the McDonald’s System. Moreover, the establishment and maintenance of a close
personal working relationship with McDonald’s in the conduct of Franchisee’s McDonald’s restaurant business,
Franchisee’s accountability for performance of the obligations contained in this Franchise, and Franchisee’s
adherence to the tenets of the McDonald’s System constitute the essence of this Franchise.
(d)

The provisions of this Franchise shall be interpreted to give effect to the intent of the parties

stated in this paragraph 1 so that the Restaurant shall be operated in conformity to the McDonald’s System through
strict adherence to McDonald’s standards and policies as they exist now and as they may be from time to time
modified.
(e)

Franchisee acknowledges Franchisee’s understanding of McDonald’s basic business policy

that McDonald’s will grant franchises only to those individuals who live in the locality of their McDonald’s
restaurant, actually own the entire equity interest in the business of the Restaurant and its profits, and who will work
full time at their McDonald’s restaurant business. Franchisee represents, warrants, and agrees that Franchisee
actually owns the complete equity interest in this Franchise and the profits from the operation of the Restaurant,
and that Franchisee shall maintain such interest during the term of this Franchise except only as otherwise permitted
pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Franchise. Franchisee agrees to furnish McDonald’s with such evidence
as McDonald’s may request, from time to time, for the purpose of assuring McDonald’s that Franchisee’s interest
remains as represented herein.
(f)

Franchisee agrees to pay to McDonald’s all required payments under this Franchise,

including, without limitation, the payments set forth in paragraphs 8 and 9 herein and paragraph 3.01 of the Lease.
All payments hereby required constitute a single financial arrangement between Franchisee and McDonald’s which,
taken as a whole and without regard to any designation or descriptions, reflect the value of the authorization being
made available to the Franchisee by McDonald’s in this Franchise and the services rendered by McDonald’s during
the term hereof.
2.

Franchise Grant and Term.
(a)

McDonald’s grants to Franchisee for the following stated term the right, license, and

privilege:
(i)

to adopt and use the McDonald’s System at the Restaurant;

(ii)

to advertise to the public that Franchisee is a franchisee of McDonald’s;

2

(iii)

to adopt and use, but only in connection with the sale of those food and beverage

products which have been designated by McDonald’s at the Restaurant, the trade names, trademarks, and service
marks which McDonald’s shall designate, from time to time, to be part of the McDonald’s System; and
(iv)

to occupy the Restaurant as provided herein.

The rights granted under this Franchise are limited to the Restaurant’s location only.
(b)

The term of this Franchise shall begin on ______________ and end on ______________,

unless terminated prior thereto pursuant to the provisions hereof.
3.

General Services of McDonald’s.

McDonald’s shall advise and consult with Franchisee

periodically in connection with the operation of the Restaurant and also, upon Franchisee’s request, at other
reasonable times. McDonald’s shall communicate to Franchisee know-how, new developments, techniques, and
improvements in areas of restaurant management, food preparation, and service which are pertinent to the operation
of a restaurant using the McDonald’s System. The communications shall be accomplished by visits by operations
consultants, printed and filmed reports, seminars, and newsletter mailings. McDonald’s shall also make available
to Franchisee all additional services, facilities, rights, and privileges relating to the operation of the Restaurant
which McDonald’s makes generally available, from time to time, to all its franchisees operating McDonald’s
restaurants.
4.

Manuals. McDonald’s shall provide Franchisee with the business manuals prepared for use by

franchisees of McDonald’s restaurants similar to the Restaurant. The business manuals contain detailed information
including: (a) required operations procedures; (b) methods of inventory control; (c) bookkeeping and accounting
procedures; (d) business practices and policies; and (e) other management and advertising policies. Franchisee
agrees to promptly adopt and use exclusively the formulas, methods, and policies contained in the business manuals,
now and as they may be modified from time to time. Franchisee acknowledges that McDonald’s or its affiliates
own all proprietary rights in and to the McDonald’s System and that the information revealed in the business
manuals, in their entirety, constitute confidential trade secrets. Without the prior written consent of McDonald’s,
Franchisee shall not disclose the contents of the business manuals to any person, except employees of Franchisee
for purposes related solely to the operation of the Restaurant, nor shall Franchisee reprint or reproduce the manuals
in whole or in part for any purpose except in connection with instruction of employees in the operation of the
Restaurant. Such manuals, as modified from time to time, and the policies contained therein, are incorporated in
this Franchise by reference.
5.

Advertising. McDonald’s employs both public relations and advertising specialists who formulate

and carry out national and local advertising programs for the McDonald’s System.
Franchisee shall use only advertising and promotional materials and programs provided by
McDonald’s or approved in advance, in writing, by McDonald’s. Neither the approval by McDonald’s of
Franchisee’s advertising and promotional material nor the providing of such material by McDonald’s to Franchisee
shall, directly or indirectly, require McDonald’s to pay for such advertising or promotion.

3

Franchisee shall expend during each calendar year for advertising and promotion of the Restaurant
to the general public an amount which is not less than four percent (4%) of Gross Sales (as that term is defined in
paragraph 7) for such year. Expenditures by Franchisee to national and regional cooperative advertising and
promotion of the McDonald’s System, or to a group of McDonald’s restaurants which includes the Restaurant, shall
be a credit against the required minimum expenditures for advertising and promotion to the general public.
6.

Training. McDonald’s shall make available to Franchisee the services of Hamburger University,

the international training center for the McDonald’s System. Franchisee acknowledges the importance of quality
of business operation among all restaurants in the McDonald’s System and agrees to enroll Franchisee and
Franchisee’s managers, present and future, at Hamburger University or at such other training center as may be
designated by McDonald’s from time to time. McDonald’s shall bear the cost of maintaining Hamburger University
and any other training centers, including the overhead costs of training, staff salaries, materials, and all technical
training tools, and agrees to provide to Franchisee both basic and advanced instruction for the operation of a
McDonald’s System restaurant. Franchisee shall pay all traveling, living, compensation, or other expenses incurred
by Franchisee and Franchisee’s employees in connection with attendance at Hamburger University or such other
training centers.
7.

Gross Sales. For the purposes of this Franchise, the term “Gross Sales” shall mean all revenues

from sales of the Franchisee based upon all business conducted upon or from the Restaurant, whether such sales be
evidenced by check, cash, credit, charge account, exchange, or otherwise, and shall include, but not be limited to,
the amounts received from the sale of goods, wares, and merchandise, including sales of food, beverages, and
tangible property of every kind and nature, promotional or otherwise, and for services performed from or at the
Restaurant, together with the amount of all orders taken or received at the Restaurant, whether such orders be filled
from the Restaurant or elsewhere. Gross Sales shall not include sales of merchandise for which cash has been
refunded, provided that such sales shall have previously been included in Gross Sales. There shall be deducted
from Gross Sales the price of merchandise returned by customers for exchange, provided that such returned
merchandise shall have been previously included in Gross Sales, and provided that the sales price of merchandise
delivered to the customer in exchange shall be included in Gross Sales. Gross Sales shall not include the amount
of any sales tax imposed by any federal, state, municipal, or other governmental authority directly on sales and
collected from customers, provided that the amount thereof is added to the selling price or absorbed therein and
actually paid by the Franchisee to such governmental authority. Each charge or sale upon credit shall be treated as
a sale for the full price in the month during which such charge or sale shall be made, irrespective of the time when
the Franchisee shall receive payment (whether full or partial) therefor.
8.

(a)

Royalty. Franchisee shall pay a monthly royalty on or before the tenth (10th) day of the

following month in an amount equal to [ ] percent ([ ]%) of the Gross Sales of the Restaurant (FDD note: see Item
6, Footnote 2) for the preceding month immediately ended.
(b)

Method of Payment. Franchisee shall at all times participate in the McDonald’s automatic

debit/credit transfer program as specified by McDonald’s from time to time for the payment of all amounts due

4

McDonald’s pursuant to this Franchise. Franchisee shall execute and deliver to McDonald’s such documents and
instruments as may be necessary to establish and maintain said automatic debit/credit transfer program.
(c)

Interest on Delinquencies. In the event that the Franchisee is past due on the payment of

any amount due McDonald’s under this Franchise, including accrued interest, the Franchisee shall be required, to
the extent permitted by law, to pay interest on the past due amount to McDonald’s for the period beginning with
the original due date for payment to the date of actual payment at an annual rate equal to the highest rate allowed
by law or, if there is no maximum rate permitted by law, then fifteen percent (15%). Such interest will be calculated
on the basis of monthly compounding and the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365.
9.

Initial Fee and Annual Fee. Franchisee acknowledges that: (a) the initial grant of this Franchise

constitutes the sole consideration for the payment of (i) an Initial Fee of Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00) paid by
Franchisee to McDonald’s on the opening date of the Restaurant; and (ii) an Annual Fee of ____________________
($__________) to be paid by Franchisee to McDonald’s beginning on the first anniversary of the opening date of
the Restaurant and on each subsequent anniversary; and (b) the fees have been earned by McDonald’s (except where
the construction of the Restaurant has not been completed within one (1) year from the date of the execution and
delivery of this Franchise). If the Restaurant has not been constructed or is not ready for occupancy at the time of
the execution of this Franchise, McDonald’s shall use its best efforts to expedite the construction and lease of the
Restaurant to Franchisee. However, McDonald’s shall not be liable to Franchisee in any manner for any delays in
or lack of completion of such construction for any reason. McDonald’s shall be under no obligation to enforce
performance or to seek other remedies for non-performance of any lease, clause, or contract necessary for the
construction of the Restaurant and reserves the right, in case construction of the Restaurant should be abandoned,
the lease assigned, or other interest in the premises be relinquished, to terminate this Franchise upon reimbursement
to Franchisee of the Initial Fee. At such time as the Restaurant is completed and ready for occupancy, the Initial
Fee shall be deemed to be earned. If the Restaurant is not ready for occupancy within one (1) year from the date of
this Franchise, Franchisee shall have the right to terminate this Franchise and obtain an immediate refund of the
Initial Fee upon written request to McDonald’s.
10.

Reports. On or before 11:00 a.m. Central Standard Time on the first business day of each month,

Franchisee shall render, in a manner specified by McDonald’s, a statement, in such form as McDonald’s shall
reasonably require from time to time, of all receipts from the operation of the Restaurant for the preceding month
immediately ended. On or before the twenty-fifth (25th) day of each month Franchisee shall submit to McDonald’s
an operating statement and a statistical report for the previous month in form satisfactory to McDonald’s.
Franchisee shall keep and preserve full and complete records of Gross Sales for at least three (3) years in a manner
and form satisfactory to McDonald’s and shall also deliver such additional financial and operating reports and other
information as McDonald’s may reasonably request on the forms and in the manner prescribed by McDonald’s.
Franchisee further agrees to submit within ninety (90) days following the close of each fiscal year of the Restaurant’s
operation, a profit and loss statement covering operations during such fiscal year and a balance sheet taken as of the
close of such fiscal year, all prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The profit and

5

loss statement and the balance sheet shall, if McDonald’s shall request certification, be certified by a certified public
accountant. Franchisee shall at Franchisee’s expense cause Franchisee’s public accountant and certified public
accountant, if any, to consult with McDonald’s concerning such statement and balance sheet. The original of each
such report required by this paragraph 10 shall be mailed to McDonald’s at the address indicated in paragraph 22
herein.
McDonald’s shall have the right to inspect and/or audit Franchisee’s accounts, books, records, and
tax returns at all reasonable times to ensure that Franchisee is complying with the terms of this Franchise. If such
inspection discloses that Gross Sales actually exceeded the amount reported by Franchisee as Gross Sales by an
amount equal to two percent (2%) or more of Gross Sales originally reported to McDonald’s, Franchisee shall bear
the cost of such inspection and audit.
11.

Restrictions. Franchisee agrees and covenants as follows:
(a)

During the term of this Franchise, Franchisee shall not, without the prior written consent

of McDonald’s, directly or indirectly, engage in, acquire any financial or beneficial interest (including interests in
corporations, partnerships, trusts, unincorporated associations, or joint ventures) in, or become a landlord for any
restaurant business, which is similar to the Restaurant.
(b)

Franchisee shall not, for a period of eighteen (18) months after termination of this Franchise

for any reason or the sale of the Restaurant, directly or indirectly, engage in or acquire any financial or beneficial
interest (including any interest in corporations, partnerships, trusts, unincorporated associations, or joint ventures)
in, or become a landlord of any restaurant business which is similar to the Restaurant within a ten-mile radius of
the Restaurant.
(c)

Franchisee shall not appropriate, use, or duplicate the McDonald’s System, or any portion

thereof, for use at any other self-service, carry-out, or other similar restaurant business.
(d)

Franchisee shall not disclose or reveal any portion of the McDonald’s System to a

non-franchisee other than to Franchisee’s Restaurant employees as an incident of their training.
(e)

Franchisee shall acquire no right to use, or to license the use of, any name, mark, or other

intellectual property right granted or to be granted herein, except in connection with the operation of the Restaurant.
The restrictions contained in paragraphs 11(a) and 11(b) herein shall not apply to ownership of less
than two percent (2%) of the shares of a company whose shares are listed and traded on a national or regional
securities exchange.
12.

Compliance With Entire System.

Franchisee acknowledges that every component of the

McDonald’s System is important to McDonald’s and to the operation of the Restaurant as a McDonald’s restaurant,
including a designated menu of food and beverage products; uniformity of food specifications, preparation methods,
quality, and appearance; and uniformity of facilities and service.
McDonald’s shall have the right to inspect the Restaurant at all reasonable times to ensure that
Franchisee’s operation thereof is in compliance with the standards and policies of the McDonald’s System.

6

Franchisee shall comply with the entire McDonald’s System, including, but not limited to, the
following:
(a)

Operate the Restaurant in a clean, wholesome manner in compliance with prescribed

standards of Quality, Service, and Cleanliness; comply with all business policies, practices, and procedures imposed
by McDonald’s; serve at the Restaurant only those food and beverage products now or hereafter designated by
McDonald’s; and maintain the building, fixtures, equipment, signage, seating and decor, and parking area in a good,
clean, wholesome condition and repair, and well lighted and in compliance with designated standards as may be
prescribed from time to time by McDonald’s;
(b)

Purchase kitchen fixtures, lighting, seating, signs, and other equipment in accordance with

the equipment specifications and layout initially designated by McDonald’s and, promptly after notice from
McDonald’s that the Restaurant premises are ready for occupancy, cause the installation thereof;
(c)

Keep the Restaurant constructed and equipped in accordance with the building blueprints

and equipment layout plans that are standard in the McDonald’s System or as such blueprints and plans may be
reasonably changed from time to time by McDonald’s;
(d)

Franchisee shall not, without the prior written consent of McDonald’s: (i) make any

building design conversion or (ii) make any alterations, conversions, or additions to the building, equipment, or
parking area;
(e)

Make repairs or replacements required: (i) because of damage or wear and tear or (ii) in

order to maintain the Restaurant building and parking area in good condition and in conformity to blueprints and
plans;
(f)

Where parking is provided, maintain the parking area for the exclusive use of Restaurant

(g)

Operate the Restaurant seven (7) days per week throughout the year and at least during the

customers;
hours from 7:00 a.m. to 11:00 p.m., or such other hours as may from time to time be prescribed by McDonald’s
(except when the Restaurant is untenantable as a result of fire or other casualty), maintain sufficient supplies of
food and paper products, and employ adequate personnel so as to operate the Restaurant at its maximum capacity
and efficiency;
(h)

Cause all employees of Franchisee, while working in the Restaurant, to: (i) wear uniforms

of such color, design, and other specifications as McDonald’s may designate from time to time; (ii) present a neat
and clean appearance; and (iii) render competent and courteous service to Restaurant customers;
(i)

In the dispensing and sale of food products: (i) use only containers, cartons, bags, napkins,

other paper goods, and packaging bearing the approved trademarks and which meet the McDonald’s System
specifications and quality standards which McDonald’s may designate from time to time; (ii) use only those
flavorings, garnishments, and food and beverage ingredients which meet the McDonald’s System specifications and
quality standards which McDonald’s may designate from time to time; and (iii) employ only those methods of food
handling and preparation which McDonald’s may designate from time to time;

7

(j)

To make prompt payment in accordance with the terms of invoices rendered to Franchisee

on Franchisee’s purchase of fixtures, signs, equipment, and food and paper supplies; and
(k)

At Franchisee’s own expense, comply with all federal, state, and local laws, ordinances,

and regulations affecting the operation of the Restaurant.
13.

Best Efforts. Franchisee shall diligently and fully exploit the rights granted in this Franchise by

personally devoting full time and best efforts and, in case more than one individual has executed this Franchise as
the Franchisee, then ____________________ shall personally devote full time and best efforts to the operation of
the Restaurant. Franchisee shall keep free from conflicting enterprises or any other activities which would be
detrimental to or interfere with the business of the Restaurant.
14.

INTENTIONALLY DELETED.

15.

Assignment. Without the prior written consent of McDonald’s, Franchisee’s interest in this

Franchise shall not be assigned or otherwise transferred in whole or in part (whether voluntarily or by operation of
law) directly, indirectly, or contingently, and then only in accordance with the terms of this paragraph 15.
(a)

Death or Permanent Incapacity of Franchisee. Upon the death or permanent incapacity of

Franchisee, the interest of Franchisee in this Franchise may be assigned either pursuant to the terms of
paragraph 15(d) herein or to one or more of the following persons: Franchisee’s spouse, heirs, or nearest relatives
by blood or marriage, subject to the following conditions: (i) if, in the sole discretion of McDonald’s, such person
shall be capable of conducting the Restaurant business in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Franchise
and (ii) if such person shall also execute an agreement by which the person personally assumes full and
unconditional liability for and agrees to perform all the terms and conditions of this Franchise to the same extent as
the original Franchisee. If, in McDonald’s sole discretion, such person cannot devote full time and best efforts to
the operation of the Restaurant or lacks the capacity to operate the Restaurant in accordance with this Franchise,
McDonald’s shall have an option to operate and/or manage the Restaurant for the account of Franchisee or of
Franchisee’s estate until the deceased or incapacitated Franchisee’s interest is transferred to another party acceptable
to McDonald’s in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Franchise. However, in no event shall such
McDonald’s operation and management of the Restaurant continue for a period in excess of twelve (12) full calendar
months without the consent of Franchisee or Franchisee’s estate. In the event that McDonald’s so operates and/or
manages the Restaurant, McDonald’s shall make a complete account to and return the net income from such
operation to the Franchisee or to Franchisee’s estate, less a reasonable management fee and expenses. If the
disposition of the Restaurant to a party acceptable to McDonald’s has not taken place within twelve (12) months
from the date that McDonald’s has commenced the operation or management of the Restaurant on behalf of the
deceased or incapacitated Franchisee, then, in that event, McDonald’s shall have the option to purchase the
Restaurant at fair market value for cash or its common stock at its option.
(b)

Assignment to Franchisee’s Corporation.

Upon Franchisee’s compliance with such

requirements as may from time to time be prescribed by McDonald’s, including a Stockholders Agreement in the
form prescribed by McDonald’s, McDonald’s shall consent to an assignment to a corporation whose shares are

8

wholly owned and controlled by Franchisee. The corporate name of the corporation shall not include any of the
names or trademarks granted by this Franchise. Any subsequent assignment or transfer, either voluntarily or by
operation of law, of all or any part of said shares shall be made in compliance with the terms and conditions set
forth in paragraphs 15(a) and 15(d) herein.
(c)

First Option to Purchase. Franchisee or Franchisee’s representative shall, at least twenty

(20) days prior to the proposed effective date, give McDonald’s written notice of intent to sell or otherwise transfer
this Franchise pursuant to paragraph 15(d). The notice shall set forth the name and address of the proposed
purchaser and all the terms and conditions of any offer. McDonald’s shall have the first option to purchase the
Restaurant by giving written notice to Franchisee of its intention to purchase on the same terms as the offer within
ten (10) days following McDonald’s receipt of such notice. However, if McDonald’s fails to exercise its option
and the Restaurant is not subsequently sold to the proposed purchaser for any reason, McDonald’s shall continue to
have, upon the same conditions, a first option to purchase the Restaurant upon the terms and conditions of any
subsequent offer.
(d)

Other Assignment. In addition to any assignments or contingent assignments contemplated

by the terms of paragraphs 15(a) and 15(b), Franchisee shall not sell, transfer, or assign this Franchise to any person
or persons without McDonald’s prior written consent. Such consent shall not be arbitrarily withheld.
In determining whether to grant or to withhold such consent, McDonald’s shall consider of
each prospective transferee, by way of illustration, the following: (i) work experience and aptitude, (ii) financial
background, (iii) character, (iv) ability to personally devote full time and best efforts to managing the Restaurant,
(v) residence in the locality of the Restaurant, (vi) equity interest in the Restaurant, (vii) conflicting interests, and
(viii) such other criteria and conditions as McDonald’s shall then apply in the case of an application for a new
franchise to operate a McDonald’s restaurant. McDonald’s consent shall also be conditioned each upon such
transferee’s execution of an agreement by which transferee personally assumes full and unconditional liability for
and agrees to perform from the date of such transfer all obligations, covenants, and agreements contained in this
Franchise to the same extent as if transferee had been an original party to this Franchise. Franchisee and each
transferor shall continue to remain personally liable for all affirmative obligations, covenants, and agreements
contained herein for the full term of this Franchise or for such shorter period as McDonald’s may, in its sole
discretion, determine. Upon each assignment or other transfer of this Franchise to any person or persons under the
terms and conditions of this paragraph 15(d), the percentage royalty charge owing to McDonald’s after the date of
such assignment or transfer shall be automatically adjusted to the then prevailing percentage royalty charge required
under new Franchises issued by McDonald’s for similar McDonald’s restaurants at the time of such assignment or
transfer.
16.

Franchisee Not an Agent of McDonald’s. Franchisee shall have no authority, express or implied,

to act as agent of McDonald’s or any of its affiliates for any purpose. Franchisee is, and shall remain, an independent
contractor responsible for all obligations and liabilities of, and for all loss or damage to, the Restaurant and its
business, including any personal property, equipment, fixtures, or real property connected therewith, and for all

9

claims or demands based on damage or destruction of property or based on injury, illness, or death of any person
or persons, directly or indirectly, resulting from the operation of the Restaurant.

Further, Franchisee and

McDonald’s are not and do not intend to be partners, associates, or joint employers in any way and McDonald’s
shall not be construed to be jointly liable for any acts or omissions of Franchisee under any circumstances.
17.

Insurance. Franchisee shall, upon taking possession of the Restaurant, acquire and maintain in

effect such insurance with such coverages as may be required by the terms of any lease of the Restaurant premises
to McDonald’s, and in any event, Franchisee shall acquire and maintain in effect not less than the following
coverages in the following minimum amounts:
(a)

Worker’s Compensation insurance prescribed by law in the state in which the Restaurant

is located and Employer’s Liability Insurance with $100,000/$500,000/$100,000 minimum limit. If the state in
which the Restaurant is located allows the option of not carrying Worker’s Compensation Insurance, and Franchisee
chooses to exercise that option, Franchisee shall nonetheless carry and maintain other insurance with coverage and
limits as approved by McDonald’s.
(b)

Commercial general liability insurance in a form approved by McDonald’s with a limit of

$5,000,000 per occurrence/$5,000,000 aggregate.
(c)

All such insurance as may be required under the Lease.
All insurance policies required to be carried hereunder shall name McDonald’s and any

party designated by McDonald’s as additional insureds, as their interests may appear in this Franchise. All policies
shall be effective on or prior to the date Franchisee is given possession of the Restaurant premises for the purpose
of installing equipment or opening the Restaurant, whichever occurs first, and evidence of payment of premiums
and duplicate copies of policies of the insurance required herein shall be delivered to McDonald’s at least thirty
(30) days prior to the date that Franchisee opens for business and/or thirty (30) days prior to the expiration date of
an existing policy of insurance. All policies of insurance shall include a provision prohibiting cancellations or
material changes to the policy thereof until thirty (30) days prior written notice has been given to McDonald’s.
In the event Franchisee shall fail to obtain the insurance required herein, McDonald’s may,
but is not obligated to, purchase said insurance, adding the premiums paid to Franchisee’s monthly rent. (Franchisee
may authorize McDonald’s to purchase and to administer the required minimum insurance on Franchisee’s behalf.
However, McDonald’s, by placement of the required minimum insurance, assumes no responsibility for premium
expense nor guarantees payment for any losses sustained by Franchisee.) McDonald’s may relieve itself of all
obligations with respect to the purchase and administration of such required insurance coverage by giving ten (10)
days written notice to Franchisee.
All insurance shall be placed with a reputable insurance company licensed to do business
in the state in which the Restaurant is located and having a Financial Size Category equal to or greater than IX and
Policyholders Rating of “A+” or “A”, as assigned by Alfred M. Best and Company, Inc., unless otherwise approved
by McDonald’s.

10

18.

Material Breach. The parties agree that the happening of any of the following events shall

constitute a material breach of this Franchise and violate the essence of Franchisee’s obligations and, without
prejudice to any of its other rights or remedies at law or in equity, McDonald’s, at its election, may terminate this
Franchise upon the happening of any of the following events:
(a)

Franchisee shall fail to maintain and operate the Restaurant in a good, clean, wholesome

manner and in compliance with the standards prescribed by the McDonald’s System;
(b)

Franchisee shall be adjudicated a bankrupt, become insolvent, or a receiver, whether

permanent or temporary, for all or substantially all of Franchisee’s property, shall be appointed by any court, or
Franchisee shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or a voluntary or involuntary petition under
any bankruptcy law shall be filed with respect to Franchisee and shall not be dismissed within thirty (30) days
thereafter;
(c)

Any payment owing to McDonald’s is not paid within thirty (30) days after the date such

(d)

Any judgment or judgments aggregating in excess of $5,000.00 against Franchisee or any

payment is due;
lien in excess of $5,000.00 against Franchisee’s property shall remain unsatisfied or unbonded of record in excess
of thirty (30) days;
(e)

Franchisee shall cause, suffer, or permit (voluntarily or involuntarily) Franchisee’s right of

possession as lessee or sublessee of the premises on which the Restaurant is located to be terminated prematurely
for any cause whatever;
(f)

Franchisee shall acquire any interest in a business in violation of paragraph 11(a);

(g)

Franchisee shall duplicate the McDonald’s System in violation of paragraph 11(c);

(h)

Franchisee shall make or cause a disclosure of any portion of the McDonald’s System in

violation of paragraph 11(d) or shall make or cause a disclosure of part of the McDonald’s System business manuals;
(i)

Franchisee shall violate paragraph 11(e) by use of any name, trademark, service mark, or

other intellectual property right exceeding the restrictions of said paragraph 11;
(j)

Franchisee shall knowingly sell food or beverage products other than those designated by

McDonald’s or which fail to conform to McDonald’s System specifications for those products, or which are not
prepared in accordance with the methods prescribed by McDonald’s, or fail to sell products designated by
McDonald’s;
(k)

Any assignment or other transfer of any interest of the Franchisee in this Franchise shall

occur in violation of paragraph 15(d) herein;
(l)

Franchisee shall deny McDonald’s the right to inspect the Restaurant at reasonable times;

(m)

Franchisee shall fail to make or make repeated delays in the prompt payment of undisputed

invoices from suppliers or in the remittance of payments as required by this Franchise;
(n)

Franchisee makes any misrepresentations to McDonald’s relating to the acquisition and/or

ownership of this Franchise;

11

(o)

Franchisee engages in public conduct which reflects materially and unfavorably upon the

operation of the Restaurant, the reputation of the McDonald’s System, or the goodwill associated with the
McDonald’s trademarks; provided that engaging in legitimate political activity (including testifying, lobbying, or
otherwise attempting to influence legislation) shall not be grounds for termination;
(p)

Franchisee is convicted of, pleads guilty or no contest to a felony, or any other crime that

is reasonably likely to adversely affect the McDonald’s System, the Restaurant, or the goodwill associated with the
McDonald’s trademarks; or
(q)
19.

Franchisee intentionally understates Gross Sales reported to McDonald’s.

Other Breaches. If Franchisee fails in the performance of any of the terms and conditions of this

Franchise (other than performance of the terms and conditions listed in paragraph 18), Franchisee shall be guilty of
a breach of this Franchise which shall not (except in the case of repeated breaches of the same or of different terms
and conditions of this Franchise) constitute grounds for termination of this Franchise. McDonald’s shall have the
right to seek judicial enforcement of its rights and remedies, including, but not limited to, injunctive relief, damages,
or specific performance. Notwithstanding any of the provisions of this paragraph 19, any uncured breach of the
terms of this Franchise (whether of paragraph 18 or 19) shall be sufficient reason for McDonald’s to withhold
approval of its consent to any assignment or transfer of Franchisee’s interest in this Franchise provided for herein.
20.

Effect of Termination.
(a)

In the event of any material breach of this Franchise, McDonald’s shall have an immediate

right to enter and take possession of the Restaurant in order to maintain continuous operation of the Restaurant, to
provide for orderly change of management and disposition of personal property, and to otherwise protect
McDonald’s interest.
(b)

Upon termination of this Franchise due to any breach or breaches, Franchisee shall not,

without the prior written consent of McDonald’s, remove any furniture, fixtures, signs, equipment, other property,
or leasehold improvements from the premises either prior to or for a period of thirty (30) days following such
termination. McDonald’s shall have the option for thirty (30) days following any such termination to purchase
Franchisee’s furniture, fixtures, signs, equipment, other property, and leasehold improvements or any portion
thereof for a sum equal to the fair market value of such property. In the event of such a termination, there shall be
no payment by McDonald’s for intangible assets of Franchisee.
(c)

Upon termination of this Franchise due to the expiration of its term or as a result of any

eminent domain proceedings affecting the premises upon which the Restaurant is situated, Franchisee shall not
remove any furniture, fixtures, signs, equipment, other property, or leasehold improvements within sixty (60) days
prior to the date specified for termination or the date specified for takeover by any public authority. McDonald’s
shall, upon written notice of its intention to purchase said property at least thirty (30) days prior to such date of
termination, have the option to purchase Franchisee’s furniture, fixtures, signs, equipment, other property, and
leasehold improvements or any portion thereof for a sum equal to the fair market value of such property. In the
event of such a termination, there shall be no payment by McDonald’s for intangible assets of Franchisee.

12

(d)

Upon termination or expiration of this Franchise, Franchisee shall: (i) forthwith return to

McDonald’s the business manuals furnished to Franchisee, together with all other material containing trade secrets,
operating instructions, or business practices; (ii) discontinue the use of the McDonald’s System and its associated
trade names, service marks, and trademarks or the use of any and all signs and printed goods bearing such names
and marks, or any reference to them; (iii) not disclose, reveal, or publish all or any portion of the McDonald’s
System; and (iv) not thereafter use any trade name, service mark, or trademark similar to or likely to be confused
with any trade name, service mark, or trademark used at any time in the McDonald’s System.
21.

Effect of Waivers. No waiver by McDonald’s or any breach or a series of breaches of this Franchise

shall constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach or waiver of the terms of this Franchise.
22.

Notices. Any notice hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered by personal service or by

United States certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, addressed to Franchisee at the Restaurant or to
McDonald’s at 110 N. CARPENTER STREET, CHICAGO, ILLINOIS 60607. Either party, by a similar written
notice, may change the address to which notices shall be sent.
23.

Cost of Enforcement. If McDonald’s institutes any action at law or in equity against Franchisee

to secure or protect McDonald’s rights under or to enforce the terms of this Franchise, in addition to any judgment
entered in its favor, McDonald’s shall be entitled to recover such reasonable attorneys’ fees as may be allowed by
the court together with court costs and expenses of litigation.
24.

Indemnification. If McDonald’s shall be subject to any claim, demand, or penalty or become a

party to any suit or other judicial or administrative proceeding by reason of any claimed act or omission by
Franchisee or Franchisee’s employees or agents, or by reason of any act occurring on the Restaurant premises, or
by reason of an omission with respect to the business or operation of the Restaurant, Franchisee shall indemnify
and hold McDonald’s harmless against all judgments, settlements, penalties, and expenses, including attorneys’
fees, court costs, and other expenses of litigation or administrative proceeding, incurred by or imposed on
McDonald’s in connection with the investigation or defense relating to such claim, litigation, or administrative
proceeding and, at the election of McDonald’s, Franchisee shall also defend McDonald’s.
25.

Construction and Severability. All references in this Franchise to the singular shall include the

plural where applicable. If any part of this Franchise for any reason shall be declared invalid, such decision shall
not affect the validity of any remaining portion, which shall remain in full force and effect. In the event that any
material provision of this Franchise shall be stricken or declared invalid, McDonald’s reserves the right to terminate
this Franchise.
26.

Scope and Modification of Franchise. This Franchise (including Exhibit A and any riders hereto)

constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous, oral or written,
agreements or understandings of the parties. Nothing in this Franchise or in any related agreement, however, is
intended to disclaim the representations made in the Franchise Disclosure Document furnished to Franchisee. No
interpretation, change, termination, or waiver of any of the provisions hereof shall be binding upon McDonald’s
unless in writing signed by an officer or franchising director of McDonald’s, and which is specifically identified as

13

an amendment hereto. No modification, waiver, termination, rescission, discharge, or cancellation of this Franchise
shall affect the right of any party hereto to enforce any claim or right hereunder, whether or not liquidated, which
occurred prior to the date of such modification, waiver, termination, rescission, discharge, or cancellation.
27.

Governing Laws. The terms and provisions of this Franchise shall be interpreted in accordance

with and governed by the laws of the state of Illinois.
28.

Acknowledgment. Franchisee acknowledges that:
(a)

The term of this Franchise is set forth in paragraph 2(b) hereof with no promise or

representation as to the renewal of this Franchise or the grant of a new franchise;
(b)

Franchisee hereby represents that Franchisee has received a copy of this Franchise, has

read and understands all obligations being undertaken, and has had an opportunity to consult with Franchisee’s
attorney with respect thereto at least seven (7) calendar days prior to execution;
(c)

No representation has been made by McDonald’s as to the future profitability of the

(d)

Prior to the execution of this Franchise, Franchisee has worked at a McDonald’s restaurant

Restaurant;
and has had ample opportunity to contact existing franchisees of McDonald’s and to investigate all representations
made by McDonald’s relating to the McDonald’s System;
(e)

This Franchise establishes the Restaurant at the location specified on page 1 hereof only

and that no “exclusive,” “protected,” or other territorial rights in the contiguous market area of such Restaurant is
hereby granted or inferred;
(f)

This Franchise supersedes any and all other agreements and representations respecting the

Restaurant and contains all the terms, conditions, and obligations of the parties with respect to the grant of this
Franchise; however, nothing in this Franchise or in any related agreement is intended to disclaim the representations
made in the Franchise Disclosure Document furnished to Franchisee;
(g)

McDonald’s or its affiliates are the sole owner(s) of the trademarks, trade names, service

marks, and goodwill associated therewith, respectively, and Franchisee acquires no right, title, or interest in those
names and marks other than the right to use them only in the manner and to the extent prescribed and approved by
McDonald’s;
(h)

No future franchise or offers of franchises for additional McDonald’s restaurants, other

than this Franchise, have been promised to Franchisee and any other franchise offer shall only be in writing,
executed by an officer or franchising director of McDonald’s, and identified as a Franchise Agreement or New
Term Offer Letter;
(i)

Neither McDonald’s nor anyone acting on its behalf has made any representations,

inducements, promises, or agreements, orally or otherwise, respecting the subject matter of this Franchise, which is
not embodied herein or set forth in the Franchise Disclosure Document; and
(j)

This Franchise is offered to Franchisee personally and to no others, and may not be

accepted by any other person, partnership, or corporation, or transferred by assignment, will, or operation of law.

14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto set their hands and seals, in duplicate, the day and year in
this instrument first above written.
McDONALD’S USA, LLC

Franchisee

By:
Date
Prepared By:
Date

15

The following changes are made to the Franchise Agreement in the following states:
Hawaii

The following Rider is attached to the Franchise Agreement:
This Rider is made and entered into as of _______________, 20__ (this “Agreement”) by and
between______________________, a ______________ (“Franchisee”) and McDonald’s USA,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“McDonald’s”).
1. Background. McDonald’s and Franchisee are parties to that certain Franchise Agreement
dated __________________________, 20__. This Rider is annexed to and forms part of the
Franchise Agreement. This Agreement is being signed because (a) any of the franchise offer
or sales activity occurred in Hawaii, or (b) Franchisee is a resident of Hawaii.
2. Acknowledgements:
The acknowledgements in Sections 28(b), (c), (d), and (i) of the Franchise Agreement are
hereby deleted.
The following language is added to the end of Section 28 of the Franchise Agreement: No
statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in connection
with the commencement of the Franchise shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under
any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
reliance on any statement made by McDonald’s, or other person acting on behalf of
McDonald’s. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in
connection with this Franchise.

Maryland

The following Rider is attached to the Franchise Agreement:
This Rider is made and entered into as of _______________, 20__ (this “Agreement”) by and
between______________________, a ______________ (“Franchisee”) and McDonald’s USA,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“McDonald’s”).
1.

Background. McDonald’s and Franchisee are parties to that certain Franchise Agreement
dated __________________________, 20__ that has been signed concurrently with the
signing of this Rider. This Rider is annexed to and forms part of the Franchise Agreement.
This Rider is being signed because (a) Franchisee is a resident of Maryland, or (b) the
Restaurant will be located or operated in Maryland.

2. Governing Laws. The following sentence is added to the end of Section 27:
However, to the extent required by applicable law, Maryland law will apply to claims arising
under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.
3. Acknowledgment. The following language is added to the end of Section 28 of the Franchise
Agreement:
Such acknowledgments are not intended to nor shall they act as a release, estoppel or waiver
of any liability incurred under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the Franchise shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii)
disclaiming reliance on any statement made by McDonald’s, or other person acting on behalf

of McDonald’s. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in
connection with this Franchise.
The acknowledgements in Sections 28(b), (c), (d) of the Franchise Agreement are hereby
deleted.
Minnesota

Paragraph 27 continues with, “Nothing in this Franchise or the Franchise Disclosure Document
shall in any way abrogate or reduce any rights of the Franchisee as provided for in Minnesota
Statutes, Chapter 80C, or Franchisee’s rights to any procedure, forum, or remedies provided for by
the laws of the jurisdiction.”
A new Paragraph 28(h) is inserted (and remaining sub-paragraphs are renamed (i) through (k)) as
follows: “McDonald’s considers the trademarks, trade names, logo types, service marks, and
commercial symbols to be valuable property rights and continually protects against infringement
of these assets. It protects franchisees against claims of infringement or unfair competition to which
the franchisees might become subjected because of their authorized use of the trademarks, service
marks, logo types, or other commercial symbols in the United States.”
Paragraph 28(l) is added as follows: “With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota law,
McDonald’s will comply with Minnesota Statutes Section 80C.14, Subdivisions 3, 4, and 5 which
require, except in certain specified cases, that the Franchisee be given ninety (90) days notice of
termination (with sixty (60) days to cure) and 180 days notice for non-renewal of this Franchise;
and that consent to the transfer of this Franchise will not be unreasonably withheld.”

North Dakota Paragraph 11(b) continues with, “Covenants not to compete such as those mentioned above are
generally considered unenforceable in the State of North Dakota. However, Franchisee and
McDonald’s agree to enforce these provisions to the extent allowed under law.”
Paragraph 27 continues with, “, except that North Dakota law will govern with respect to claims
arising under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law.”
Washington

Paragraph 28(k) is added as follows: “In recognition of the requirements of the Washington
Franchise Investment Protection Act (the “Act”) and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, this Franchise shall be modified as follows:
The State of Washington has a statute, RCW 19.100.180, which might supersede this Franchise in
Franchisee’s relationship with McDonald’s, including the areas of termination and renewal of this
Franchise. There also might be court decisions which supersede this Franchise in Franchisee’s
relationship with McDonald’s, including the areas of termination and renewal of this Franchise.
In the event of a conflict of laws, to the extent required by the Act, the provisions of the Act,
Chapter 19.100 RCW, shall prevail.
To the extent required by the Act, a release or waiver of rights executed by a franchisee shall not
include rights under the Act except when executed pursuant to a negotiated settlement after the
agreement is in effect and where the parties are represented by independent counsel. Provisions
such as those which unreasonably restrict or limit the statute of limitations period for claims under
the Act, rights or remedies under the Act, such as a right to a jury trial, might not be enforceable;
however, McDonald’s and Franchisee agree to enforce them to the maximum extent the law
allows.”

For California, Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North Dakota, Rhode Island, South
Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin, the following Rider is attached to the Franchise Agreement:

This Rider is made and entered into as of _______________, 20__ (this “Agreement”) by and
between ____________________________, a ______________ (“Franchisee”) and McDonald’s
USA, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“McDonald’s”).
1. Background. McDonald’s and Franchisee are parties to that certain Franchise Agreement dated
__________________________, 20__ that has been signed concurrently with the signing of
this Rider. This Rider is annexed to and forms part of the Franchise Agreement.
2. Acknowledgment. The following language is added to the end of Section 28 of the Franchise
Agreement: No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by
Franchisee in connection with the commencement of the Franchise shall have the effect of (i)
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement,
or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by McDonald’s, or other person acting on
behalf of McDonald’s. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in
connection with this Franchise.

EXHIBIT D
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT (WALMART)
[CITY, STATE]
[Address]
L/C: __________
File #: __________
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
THIS FRANCHISE AGREEMENT (“Franchise”) made this _____ day of _______________, for the
operation of a McDonald’s restaurant at the Walmart store located at __________________________________
(the “Restaurant”) by and between:
McDONALD’S USA, LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company,
(“McDonald’s”)
and
______________________________
______________________________
(collectively “Franchisee”)
for the purpose of granting the Franchisee the rights necessary to operate the Restaurant.
In consideration of the mutual rights and obligations contained herein McDonald’s and Franchisee agree as
follows:
1.

Nature and Scope of Franchise.
(a)

McDonald’s operates a restaurant system (“McDonald’s System”). The McDonald’s

System is a comprehensive system for the ongoing development, operation, and maintenance of McDonald’s
restaurant locations which have been selected and developed for the retailing of a limited menu of uniform and
quality food products, emphasizing prompt and courteous service in a clean, wholesome atmosphere which is
intended to be attractive to children and families and includes proprietary rights in certain valuable trade names,
service marks, and trademarks, including the trade names “McDonald’s” and “McDonald’s Hamburgers,” designs
and color schemes for restaurant buildings, signs, equipment layouts, formulas and specifications for certain food
products, methods of inventory and operation control, bookkeeping and accounting, and manuals covering business
practices and policies. The McDonald’s System is operated and is advertised widely within the United States of
America and in certain foreign countries.
(b)

McDonald’s holds the right to authorize the adoption and use of the McDonald’s System

at the Restaurant. McDonald’s entered into a Master Lease Agreement with certain Wal-Mart entities (collectively
“Walmart”) dated February 1, 2011, as amended (“Master Lease”), a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A
1

and made a part hereof. The Master Lease provides McDonald’s with the opportunity to operate the Restaurant
within the Walmart store located at the above address (“Walmart Store”). The rights granted to the Franchisee to
operate the Restaurant are set forth in this Franchise, including the Master Lease. The rights granted to Franchisee
are subject to the Master Lease. Franchisee acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Master Lease, and Franchisee
agrees to comply with all of the provisions of the Master Lease except for McDonald’s rent, Utility Reimbursement,
and Licensed Premise Improvement Charge obligations.
(c)

The foundation of the McDonald’s System and the essence of this Franchise is the

adherence by Franchisee to standards and policies of McDonald’s providing for the uniform operation of all
McDonald’s restaurants within the McDonald’s System including, but not limited to, serving only designated food
and beverage products; the use of only prescribed equipment and building layout and designs; strict adherence to
designated food and beverage specifications and to McDonald’s prescribed standards of Quality, Service, and
Cleanliness in the Restaurant operation. Compliance by Franchisee with the foregoing standards and policies in
conjunction with the McDonald’s trademarks and service marks provides the basis for the valuable goodwill and
wide family acceptance of the McDonald’s System. Moreover, the establishment and maintenance of a close
personal working relationship with McDonald’s in the conduct of Franchisee’s McDonald’s restaurant business,
Franchisee’s accountability for performance of the obligations contained in this Franchise, and Franchisee’s
adherence to the tenets of the McDonald’s System constitute the essence of this Franchise.
(d)

The provisions of this Franchise shall be interpreted to give effect to the intent of the parties

stated in this paragraph 1 so that the Restaurant shall be operated in conformity to the McDonald’s System through
strict adherence to McDonald’s standards and policies as they exist now and as they may be from time to time
modified.
(e)

Franchisee acknowledges Franchisee’s understanding of McDonald’s basic business policy

that McDonald’s will grant franchises only to those individuals who live in the locality of their McDonald’s
restaurant, actually own the entire equity interest in the business of the Restaurant and its profits, and who will work
full time at their McDonald’s restaurant business. Franchisee represents, warrants, and agrees that Franchisee
actually owns the complete equity interest in this Franchise and the profits from the operation of the Restaurant,
and that Franchisee shall maintain such interest during the term of this Franchise except only as otherwise permitted
pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Franchise. Franchisee agrees to furnish McDonald’s with such evidence
as McDonald’s may request, from time to time, for the purpose of assuring McDonald’s that Franchisee’s interest
remains as represented herein.
(f)

Franchisee agrees to pay to McDonald’s all required payments under this Franchise,

including, without limitation, the payments set forth in paragraphs 8 and 9 herein. All payments hereby required
constitute a single financial arrangement between Franchisee and McDonald’s which, taken as a whole and without
regard to any designation or descriptions, reflect the value of the authorization being made available to the
Franchisee by McDonald’s in this Franchise and the services rendered by McDonald’s during the term hereof.

2

2.

Franchise Grant and Term.
(a)

McDonald’s grants to Franchisee for the following stated term the right, license, and

privilege:
(i)

to adopt and use the McDonald’s System at the Restaurant;

(ii)

to advertise to the public that Franchisee is a franchisee of McDonald’s;

(iii)

to adopt and use, but only in connection with the sale of those food and beverage

products which have been designated by McDonald’s at the Restaurant, the trade names, trademarks, and service
marks which McDonald’s shall designate, from time to time, to be part of the McDonald’s System; and
(iv)

to occupy the Restaurant as provided herein.

The rights granted under this Franchise are limited to the Restaurant’s location only.
(b)

The term of this Franchise shall begin on ______________, and end on the earlier of:

(i) ______________, (ii) the termination of this Franchise pursuant to the provisions hereof, (iii) the closing of the
Walmart Store, or (iv) the termination of the Master Lease.
3.

General Services of McDonald’s.

McDonald’s shall advise and consult with Franchisee

periodically in connection with the operation of the Restaurant and also, upon Franchisee’s request, at other
reasonable times. McDonald’s shall communicate to Franchisee know-how, new developments, techniques, and
improvements in areas of restaurant management, food preparation, and service which are pertinent to the operation
of a restaurant using the McDonald’s System. The communications shall be accomplished by visits by operations
consultants, printed and filmed reports, seminars, and newsletter mailings. McDonald’s shall also make available
to Franchisee all additional services, facilities, rights, and privileges relating to the operation of the Restaurant
which McDonald’s makes generally available, from time to time, to all its franchisees operating McDonald’s
restaurants.
4.

Manuals. McDonald’s shall provide Franchisee with the business manuals prepared for use by

franchisees of McDonald’s restaurants similar to the Restaurant. The business manuals contain detailed information
including: (a) required operations procedures; (b) methods of inventory control; (c) bookkeeping and accounting
procedures; (d) business practices and policies; and (e) other management and advertising policies. Franchisee
agrees to promptly adopt and use exclusively the formulas, methods, and policies contained in the business manuals,
now and as they may be modified from time to time. Franchisee acknowledges that McDonald’s or its affiliates
own all proprietary rights in and to the McDonald’s System and that the information revealed in the business
manuals, in their entirety, constitute confidential trade secrets. Without the prior written consent of McDonald’s,
Franchisee shall not disclose the contents of the business manuals to any person, except employees of Franchisee
for purposes related solely to the operation of the Restaurant, nor shall Franchisee reprint or reproduce the manuals
in whole or in part for any purpose except in connection with instruction of employees in the operation of the
Restaurant. Such manuals, as modified from time to time, and the policies contained therein, are incorporated in
this Franchise by reference.

3

5.

Advertising. McDonald’s employs both public relations and advertising specialists who formulate

and carry out national and local advertising programs for the McDonald’s System.
Franchisee shall use only advertising and promotional materials and programs provided by
McDonald’s or approved in advance, in writing, by McDonald’s. Neither the approval by McDonald’s of
Franchisee’s advertising and promotional material nor the providing of such material by McDonald’s to Franchisee
shall, directly or indirectly, require McDonald’s to pay for such advertising or promotion.
Franchisee shall expend during each calendar year for advertising and promotion of the Restaurant
to the general public an amount which is not less than four percent (4%) of Gross Sales (as that term is defined in
paragraph 7) for such year. Expenditures by Franchisee to national and regional cooperative advertising and
promotion of the McDonald’s System, or to a group of McDonald’s restaurants which includes the Restaurant, shall
be a credit against the required minimum expenditures for advertising and promotion to the general public.
6.

Training. McDonald’s shall make available to Franchisee the services of Hamburger University,

the international training center for the McDonald’s System. Franchisee acknowledges the importance of quality
of business operation among all restaurants in the McDonald’s System and agrees to enroll Franchisee and
Franchisee’s managers, present and future, at Hamburger University or at such other training center as may be
designated by McDonald’s from time to time. McDonald’s shall bear the cost of maintaining Hamburger University
and any other training centers, including the overhead costs of training, staff salaries, materials, and all technical
training tools, and agrees to provide to Franchisee both basic and advanced instruction for the operation of a
McDonald’s System restaurant. Franchisee shall pay all traveling, living, compensation, or other expenses incurred
by Franchisee and Franchisee’s employees in connection with attendance at Hamburger University or such other
training centers.
7.

Gross Sales. For the purposes of this Franchise, the term “Gross Sales” shall mean all revenues

from sales of the Franchisee based upon all business conducted upon or from the Restaurant, whether such sales be
evidenced by check, cash, credit, charge account, exchange, or otherwise, and shall include, but not be limited to,
the amounts received from the sale of goods, wares, and merchandise, including sales of food, beverages, and
tangible property of every kind and nature, promotional or otherwise, and for services performed from or at the
Restaurant, together with the amount of all orders taken or received at the Restaurant, whether such orders be filled
from the Restaurant or elsewhere. Gross Sales shall not include sales of merchandise for which cash has been
refunded, provided that such sales shall have previously been included in Gross Sales. There shall be deducted
from Gross Sales the price of merchandise returned by customers for exchange, provided that such returned
merchandise shall have been previously included in Gross Sales, and provided that the sales price of merchandise
delivered to the customer in exchange shall be included in Gross Sales. Gross Sales shall not include the amount
of any sales tax imposed by any federal, state, municipal, or other governmental authority directly on sales and
collected from customers, provided that the amount thereof is added to the selling price or absorbed therein and
actually paid by the Franchisee to such governmental authority. Each charge or sale upon credit shall be treated as

4

a sale for the full price in the month during which such charge or sale shall be made, irrespective of the time when
the Franchisee shall receive payment (whether full or partial) therefor.
8.

(a)

System Fee. Franchisee shall pay a monthly system fee, based upon the Gross Sales of the

Restaurant for the preceding month immediately ended, on or before the tenth (10th) day of the following month.
The system fee consists of a [ ] percent ([ ]%) royalty plus the percent rent in the amount calculated using the chart
attached hereto as Schedule B and made a part hereof (FDD note: see Item 6, Footnote 2). Franchisee shall also
pay a Common Area Maintenance Fee (as set forth in Master Lease).
(b)

Method of Payment. Franchisee shall at all times participate in the McDonald’s automatic

debit/credit transfer program as specified by McDonald’s from time to time for the payment of all amounts due
McDonald’s pursuant to this Franchise. Franchisee shall execute and deliver to McDonald’s such documents and
instruments as may be necessary to establish and maintain said automatic debit/credit transfer program.
(c)

Interest on Delinquencies. In the event that the Franchisee is past due on the payment of

any amount due McDonald’s under this Franchise, including accrued interest, the Franchisee shall be required, to
the extent permitted by law, to pay interest on the past due amount to McDonald’s for the period beginning with
the original due date for payment to the date of actual payment at an annual rate equal to the highest rate allowed
by law or, if there is no maximum rate permitted by law, then fifteen percent (15%). Such interest will be calculated
on the basis of monthly compounding and the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365.
9.

Annual Fee. Franchisee acknowledges that: (a) the initial grant of this Franchise constitutes the

sole consideration for the payment of an Annual Fee of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) to be paid by Franchisee
to McDonald’s on January 10 of each year this Franchise is in effect; and (b) the fee has been earned by
McDonald’s.
10.

Reports. On or before 11:00 a.m. Central Standard Time on the first business day of each month,

Franchisee shall render, in a manner specified by McDonald’s, a statement, in such form as McDonald’s shall
reasonably require from time to time, of all receipts from the operation of the Restaurant for the preceding month
immediately ended. On or before the twenty-fifth (25th) day of each month Franchisee shall submit to McDonald’s
an operating statement and a statistical report for the previous month in form satisfactory to McDonald’s.
Franchisee shall keep and preserve full and complete records of Gross Sales for at least three (3) years in a manner
and form satisfactory to McDonald’s and shall also deliver such additional financial and operating reports and other
information as McDonald’s may reasonably request on the forms and in the manner prescribed by McDonald’s.
Franchisee further agrees to submit within ninety (90) days following the close of each fiscal year of the Restaurant’s
operation, a profit and loss statement covering operations during such fiscal year and a balance sheet taken as of the
close of such fiscal year, all prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The profit and
loss statement and the balance sheet shall, if McDonald’s shall request certification, be certified by a certified public
accountant. Franchisee shall at Franchisee’s expense cause Franchisee’s public accountant and certified public
accountant, if any, to consult with McDonald’s concerning such statement and balance sheet. The original of each

5

such report required by this paragraph 10 shall be mailed to McDonald’s at the address indicated in paragraph 22
herein.
McDonald’s shall have the right to inspect and/or audit Franchisee’s accounts, books, records, and
tax returns at all reasonable times to ensure that Franchisee is complying with the terms of this Franchise. If such
inspection discloses that Gross Sales actually exceeded the amount reported by Franchisee as Gross Sales by an
amount equal to two percent (2%) or more of Gross Sales originally reported to McDonald’s, Franchisee shall bear
the cost of such inspection and audit.
11.

Restrictions. Franchisee agrees and covenants as follows:
(a)

During the term of this Franchise, Franchisee shall not, without the prior written consent

of McDonald’s, directly or indirectly, engage in, acquire any financial or beneficial interest (including interests in
corporations, partnerships, trusts, unincorporated associations, or joint ventures) in, or become a landlord for any
restaurant business, which is similar to the Restaurant.
(b)

Franchisee shall not, for a period of eighteen (18) months after termination of this Franchise

for any reason or the sale of the Restaurant, directly or indirectly, engage in or acquire any financial or beneficial
interest (including any interest in corporations, partnerships, trusts, unincorporated associations, or joint ventures)
in, or become a landlord of any restaurant business which is similar to the Restaurant within a ten-mile radius of
the Restaurant.
(c)

Franchisee shall not appropriate, use, or duplicate the McDonald’s System, or any portion

thereof, for use at any other self-service, carry-out, or other similar restaurant business.
(d)

Franchisee shall not disclose or reveal any portion of the McDonald’s System to a

non-franchisee other than to Franchisee’s Restaurant employees as an incident of their training.
(e)

Franchisee shall acquire no right to use, or to license the use of, any name, mark, or other

intellectual property right granted or to be granted herein, except in connection with the operation of the Restaurant.
The restrictions contained in paragraphs 11(a) and 11(b) herein shall not apply to ownership of less
than two percent (2%) of the shares of a company whose shares are listed and traded on a national or regional
securities exchange.
12.

Compliance With Entire System.

Franchisee acknowledges that every component of the

McDonald’s System is important to McDonald’s and to the operation of the Restaurant as a McDonald’s restaurant,
including a designated menu of food and beverage products; uniformity of food specifications, preparation methods,
quality, and appearance; and uniformity of facilities and service.
McDonald’s shall have the right to inspect the Restaurant at all reasonable times to ensure that
Franchisee’s operation thereof is in compliance with the standards and policies of the McDonald’s System.
Franchisee shall comply with the entire McDonald’s System, including, but not limited to, the
following:
(a)

Operate the Restaurant in a clean, wholesome manner in compliance with prescribed

standards of Quality, Service, and Cleanliness; comply with all business policies, practices, and procedures imposed

6

by McDonald’s; serve at the Restaurant only those food and beverage products now or hereafter designated by
McDonald’s; and maintain the building, fixtures, equipment, signage, seating and decor, and parking area in a good,
clean, wholesome condition and repair, and well lighted and in compliance with designated standards as may be
prescribed from time to time by McDonald’s;
(b)

Purchase kitchen fixtures, lighting, seating, signs, and other equipment in accordance with

the equipment specifications and layout initially designated by McDonald’s and, promptly after notice from
McDonald’s that the Restaurant premises are ready for occupancy, cause the installation thereof;
(c)

Keep the Restaurant constructed and equipped in accordance with the building blueprints

and equipment layout plans that are standard in the McDonald’s System or as such blueprints and plans may be
reasonably changed from time to time by McDonald’s;
(d)

Franchisee shall not, without the prior written consent of McDonald’s: (i) make any

building design conversion or (ii) make any alterations, conversions, or additions to the building, equipment, or
parking area;
(e)

Make repairs or replacements required: (i) because of damage or wear and tear or (ii) in

order to maintain the Restaurant building and parking area in good condition and in conformity to blueprints and
plans;
(f)

Where parking is provided, maintain the parking area for the exclusive use of Restaurant

(g)

Operate the Restaurant seven (7) days per week throughout the year and at least during the

customers;
greater of: (i) the hours from 7:00 a.m. to 11:00 p.m. or (ii) the hours of operation of the Walmart Store, or such
other hours as may from time to time be prescribed by McDonald’s (except when the Restaurant is untenantable as
a result of fire or other casualty); maintain sufficient supplies of food and paper products; and employ adequate
personnel so as to operate the Restaurant at its maximum capacity and efficiency;
(h)

Cause all employees of Franchisee, while working in the Restaurant, to: (i) wear uniforms

of such color, design, and other specifications as McDonald’s may designate from time to time; (ii) present a neat
and clean appearance; and (iii) render competent and courteous service to Restaurant customers;
(i)

In the dispensing and sale of food products: (i) use only containers, cartons, bags, napkins,

other paper goods, and packaging bearing the approved trademarks and which meet the McDonald’s System
specifications and quality standards which McDonald’s may designate from time to time; (ii) use only those
flavorings, garnishments, and food and beverage ingredients which meet the McDonald’s System specifications and
quality standards which McDonald’s may designate from time to time; and (iii) employ only those methods of food
handling and preparation which McDonald’s may designate from time to time;
(j)

To make prompt payment in accordance with the terms of invoices rendered to Franchisee

on Franchisee’s purchase of fixtures, signs, equipment, and food and paper supplies; and
(k)

At Franchisee’s own expense, comply with all federal, state, and local laws, ordinances,

and regulations affecting the operation of the Restaurant.

7

13.

Best Efforts. Franchisee shall diligently and fully exploit the rights granted in this Franchise by

personally devoting full time and best efforts and, in case more than one individual has executed this Franchise as
the Franchisee, then ____________________ shall personally devote full time and best efforts to the operation of
the Restaurant. Franchisee shall keep free from conflicting enterprises or any other activities which would be
detrimental to or interfere with the business of the Restaurant.
14.

INTENTIONALLY DELETED.

15.

Assignment. Without the prior written consent of McDonald’s, Franchisee’s interest in this

Franchise shall not be assigned or otherwise transferred in whole or in part (whether voluntarily or by operation of
law) directly, indirectly, or contingently, and then only in accordance with the terms of this paragraph 15.
(a)

Death or Permanent Incapacity of Franchisee. Upon the death or permanent incapacity of

Franchisee, the interest of Franchisee in this Franchise may be assigned either pursuant to the terms of
paragraph 15(d) herein or to one or more of the following persons: Franchisee’s spouse, heirs, or nearest relatives
by blood or marriage, subject to the following conditions: (i) if, in the sole discretion of McDonald’s, such person
shall be capable of conducting the Restaurant business in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Franchise
and (ii) if such person shall also execute an agreement by which the person personally assumes full and
unconditional liability for and agrees to perform all the terms and conditions of this Franchise to the same extent as
the original Franchisee. If, in McDonald’s sole discretion, such person cannot devote full time and best efforts to
the operation of the Restaurant or lacks the capacity to operate the Restaurant in accordance with this Franchise,
McDonald’s shall have an option to operate and/or manage the Restaurant for the account of Franchisee or of
Franchisee’s estate until the deceased or incapacitated Franchisee’s interest is transferred to another party acceptable
to McDonald’s in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Franchise. However, in no event shall such
McDonald’s operation and management of the Restaurant continue for a period in excess of twelve (12) full calendar
months without the consent of Franchisee or Franchisee’s estate. In the event that McDonald’s so operates and/or
manages the Restaurant, McDonald’s shall make a complete account to and return the net income from such
operation to the Franchisee or to Franchisee’s estate, less a reasonable management fee and expenses. If the
disposition of the Restaurant to a party acceptable to McDonald’s has not taken place within twelve (12) months
from the date that McDonald’s has commenced the operation or management of the Restaurant on behalf of the
deceased or incapacitated Franchisee, then, in that event, McDonald’s shall have the option to purchase the
Restaurant at fair market value for cash or its common stock at its option.
(b)

Assignment to Franchisee’s Corporation.

Upon Franchisee’s compliance with such

requirements as may from time to time be prescribed by McDonald’s, including a Stockholders Agreement in the
form prescribed by McDonald’s, McDonald’s shall consent to an assignment to a corporation whose shares are
wholly owned and controlled by Franchisee. The corporate name of the corporation shall not include any of the
names or trademarks granted by this Franchise. Any subsequent assignment or transfer, either voluntarily or by
operation of law, of all or any part of said shares shall be made in compliance with the terms and conditions set
forth in paragraphs 15(a) and 15(d) herein.

8

(c)

First Option to Purchase. Franchisee or Franchisee’s representative shall, at least twenty

(20) days prior to the proposed effective date, give McDonald’s written notice of intent to sell or otherwise transfer
this Franchise pursuant to paragraph 15(d). The notice shall set forth the name and address of the proposed
purchaser and all the terms and conditions of any offer. McDonald’s shall have the first option to purchase the
Restaurant by giving written notice to Franchisee of its intention to purchase on the same terms as the offer within
ten (10) days following McDonald’s receipt of such notice. However, if McDonald’s fails to exercise its option
and the Restaurant is not subsequently sold to the proposed purchaser for any reason, McDonald’s shall continue to
have, upon the same conditions, a first option to purchase the Restaurant upon the terms and conditions of any
subsequent offer.
(d)

Other Assignment. In addition to any assignments or contingent assignments contemplated

by the terms of paragraphs 15(a) and 15(b), Franchisee shall not sell, transfer, or assign this Franchise to any person
or persons without McDonald’s prior written consent. Such consent shall not be arbitrarily withheld.
In determining whether to grant or to withhold such consent, McDonald’s shall consider of
each prospective transferee, by way of illustration, the following: (i) work experience and aptitude, (ii) financial
background, (iii) character, (iv) ability to personally devote full time and best efforts to managing the Restaurant,
(v) residence in the locality of the Restaurant, (vi) equity interest in the Restaurant, (vii) conflicting interests, and
(viii) such other criteria and conditions as McDonald’s shall then apply in the case of an application for a new
franchise to operate a McDonald’s restaurant. McDonald’s consent shall also be conditioned each upon such
transferee’s execution of an agreement by which transferee personally assumes full and unconditional liability for
and agrees to perform from the date of such transfer all obligations, covenants, and agreements contained in this
Franchise to the same extent as if transferee had been an original party to this Franchise. Franchisee and each
transferor shall continue to remain personally liable for all affirmative obligations, covenants, and agreements
contained herein for the full term of this Franchise or for such shorter period as McDonald’s may, in its sole
discretion, determine. Upon each assignment or other transfer of this Franchise to any person or persons under the
terms and conditions of this paragraph 15(d), the percentage royalty charge owing to McDonald’s after the date of
such assignment or transfer shall be automatically adjusted to the then prevailing percentage royalty charge required
under new Franchises issued by McDonald’s for similar McDonald’s restaurants at the time of such assignment or
transfer.
16.

Franchisee Not an Agent of McDonald’s. Franchisee shall have no authority, express or implied,

to act as agent of McDonald’s or any of its affiliates for any purpose. Franchisee is, and shall remain, an independent
contractor responsible for all obligations and liabilities of, and for all loss or damage to, the Restaurant and its
business, including any personal property, equipment, fixtures, or real property connected therewith, and for all
claims or demands based on damage or destruction of property or based on injury, illness, or death of any person
or persons, directly or indirectly, resulting from the operation of the Restaurant.

Further, Franchisee and

McDonald’s are not and do not intend to be partners, associates, or joint employers in any way and McDonald’s
shall not be construed to be jointly liable for any acts or omissions of Franchisee under any circumstances.

9

17.

Insurance. Franchisee shall, upon taking possession of the Restaurant, acquire and maintain in

effect not less than the following coverages in the following minimum amounts:
(a)

Worker’s Compensation insurance prescribed by law in the state in which the Restaurant

is located and Employer’s Liability Insurance with $1,000,000 minimum limit. If the state in which the Restaurant
is located allows the option of not carrying Worker’s Compensation Insurance, and Franchisee chooses to exercise
that option, Franchisee shall nonetheless carry and maintain other insurance with coverage and limits as approved
by McDonald’s.
(b)

Commercial general liability insurance in a form approved by McDonald’s with a limit of

$10,000,000 per occurrence/$10,000,000 aggregate.
(c)

All such insurance as may be required under the Master Lease.
All insurance policies required to be carried hereunder shall name McDonald’s USA, LLC,

the applicable Wal-Mart entity, and any party designated by McDonald’s as additional insureds, as their interests
may appear in this Franchise. All policies shall be effective on or prior to the date Franchisee is given possession
of the Restaurant premises for the purpose of installing equipment or opening the Restaurant, whichever occurs
first, and evidence of payment of premiums and duplicate copies of policies of the insurance required herein shall
be delivered to McDonald’s at least thirty (30) days prior to the date that Franchisee opens for business and/or thirty
(30) days prior to the expiration date of an existing policy of insurance. All policies of insurance shall include a
provision prohibiting cancellations or material changes to the policy thereof until thirty (30) days prior written
notice has been given to McDonald’s.
In the event Franchisee shall fail to obtain the insurance required herein, McDonald’s may,
but is not obligated to, purchase said insurance, adding the premiums paid to Franchisee’s monthly rent. (Franchisee
may authorize McDonald’s to purchase and to administer the required minimum insurance on Franchisee’s behalf.
However, McDonald’s, by placement of the required minimum insurance, assumes no responsibility for premium
expense nor guarantees payment for any losses sustained by Franchisee.) McDonald’s may relieve itself of all
obligations with respect to the purchase and administration of such required insurance coverage by giving ten (10)
days written notice to Franchisee.
All insurance shall be placed with a reputable insurance company licensed to do business
in the state in which the Restaurant is located and having a Financial Size Category equal to or greater than IX and
Policyholders Rating of “A+” or “A”, as assigned by Alfred M. Best and Company, Inc., unless otherwise approved
by McDonald’s.
18.

Material Breach. The parties agree that the happening of any of the following events shall

constitute a material breach of this Franchise and violate the essence of Franchisee’s obligations and, without
prejudice to any of its other rights or remedies at law or in equity, McDonald’s, at its election, may terminate this
Franchise upon the happening of any of the following events:
(a)

Franchisee shall fail to maintain and operate the Restaurant in a good, clean, wholesome

manner and in compliance with the standards prescribed by the McDonald’s System;

10

(b)

Franchisee shall be adjudicated a bankrupt, become insolvent, or a receiver, whether

permanent or temporary, for all or substantially all of Franchisee’s property, shall be appointed by any court, or
Franchisee shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or a voluntary or involuntary petition under
any bankruptcy law shall be filed with respect to Franchisee and shall not be dismissed within thirty (30) days
thereafter;
(c)

Any payment owing to McDonald’s is not paid within thirty (30) days after the date such

(d)

Any judgment or judgments aggregating in excess of $5,000.00 against Franchisee or any

payment is due;
lien in excess of $5,000.00 against Franchisee’s property shall remain unsatisfied or unbonded of record in excess
of thirty (30) days;
(e)

Franchisee shall cause, suffer, or permit (voluntarily or involuntarily) Franchisee’s right of

possession as lessee or sublessee of the premises on which the Restaurant is located to be terminated prematurely
for any cause whatever;
(f)

Franchisee shall acquire any interest in a business in violation of paragraph 11(a);

(g)

Franchisee shall duplicate the McDonald’s System in violation of paragraph 11(c);

(h)

Franchisee shall make or cause a disclosure of any portion of the McDonald’s System in

violation of paragraph 11(d) or shall make or cause a disclosure of part of the McDonald’s System business manuals;
(i)

Franchisee shall violate paragraph 11(e) by use of any name, trademark, service mark, or

other intellectual property right exceeding the restrictions of said paragraph 11;
(j)

Franchisee shall knowingly sell food or beverage products other than those designated by

McDonald’s or which fail to conform to McDonald’s System specifications for those products, or which are not
prepared in accordance with the methods prescribed by McDonald’s, or fail to sell products designated by
McDonald’s;
(k)

Any assignment or other transfer of any interest of the Franchisee in this Franchise shall

occur in violation of paragraph 15(d) herein;
(l)

Franchisee shall deny McDonald’s the right to inspect the Restaurant at reasonable times;

(m)

Franchisee shall fail to make or make repeated delays in the prompt payment of undisputed

invoices from suppliers or in the remittance of payments as required by this Franchise;
(n)

Franchisee makes any misrepresentations to McDonald’s relating to the acquisition and/or

ownership of this Franchise;
(o)

Franchisee engages in public conduct which reflects materially and unfavorably upon the

operation of the Restaurant, the reputation of the McDonald’s System, or the goodwill associated with the
McDonald’s trademarks; provided that engaging in legitimate political activity (including testifying, lobbying, or
otherwise attempting to influence legislation) shall not be grounds for termination;

11

(p)

Franchisee is convicted of, pleads guilty or no contest to a felony, or any other crime that

is reasonably likely to adversely affect the McDonald’s System, the Restaurant, or the goodwill associated with the
McDonald’s trademarks;

19.

(q)

Franchisee intentionally understates Gross Sales reported to McDonald’s; or

(r)

Any default under the Master Lease by the Franchisee.

Other Breaches. If Franchisee fails in the performance of any of the terms and conditions of this

Franchise (other than performance of the terms and conditions listed in paragraph 18), Franchisee shall be guilty of
a breach of this Franchise which shall not (except in the case of repeated breaches of the same or of different terms
and conditions of this Franchise) constitute grounds for termination of this Franchise. McDonald’s shall have the
right to seek judicial enforcement of its rights and remedies, including, but not limited to, injunctive relief, damages,
or specific performance. Notwithstanding any of the provisions of this paragraph 19, any uncured breach of the
terms of this Franchise (whether of paragraph 18 or 19) shall be sufficient reason for McDonald’s to withhold
approval of its consent to any assignment or transfer of Franchisee’s interest in this Franchise provided for herein.
20.

Effect of Termination.
(a)

In the event of any material breach of this Franchise, McDonald’s shall have an immediate

right to enter and take possession of the Restaurant in order to maintain continuous operation of the Restaurant, to
provide for orderly change of management and disposition of personal property, and to otherwise protect
McDonald’s interest.
(b)

Upon termination of this Franchise due to any breach or breaches, Franchisee shall not,

without the prior written consent of McDonald’s, remove any furniture, fixtures, signs, equipment, other property,
or leasehold improvements from the premises either prior to or for a period of thirty (30) days following such
termination. McDonald’s shall have the option for thirty (30) days following any such termination to purchase
Franchisee’s furniture, fixtures, signs, equipment, other property, and leasehold improvements or any portion
thereof for a sum equal to the fair market value of such property. In the event of such a termination, there shall be
no payment by McDonald’s for intangible assets of Franchisee.
(c)

Upon termination of this Franchise due to the expiration of its term or as a result of any

eminent domain proceedings affecting the premises upon which the Restaurant is situated, Franchisee shall not
remove any furniture, fixtures, signs, equipment, other property, or leasehold improvements within sixty (60) days
prior to the date specified for termination or the date specified for takeover by any public authority. McDonald’s
shall, upon written notice of its intention to purchase said property at least thirty (30) days prior to such date of
termination, have the option to purchase Franchisee’s furniture, fixtures, signs, equipment, other property, and
leasehold improvements or any portion thereof for a sum equal to the fair market value of such property. In the
event of such a termination, there shall be no payment by McDonald’s for intangible assets of Franchisee.
(d)

Upon termination or expiration of this Franchise, Franchisee shall: (i) forthwith return to

McDonald’s the business manuals furnished to Franchisee, together with all other material containing trade secrets,
operating instructions, or business practices; (ii) discontinue the use of the McDonald’s System and its associated

12

trade names, service marks, and trademarks or the use of any and all signs and printed goods bearing such names
and marks, or any reference to them; (iii) not disclose, reveal, or publish all or any portion of the McDonald’s
System; and (iv) not thereafter use any trade name, service mark, or trademark similar to or likely to be confused
with any trade name, service mark, or trademark used at any time in the McDonald’s System.
21.

Effect of Waivers. No waiver by McDonald’s or any breach or a series of breaches of this Franchise

shall constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach or waiver of the terms of this Franchise.
22.

Notices. Any notice hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered by personal service or by

United States certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, addressed to Franchisee at the Restaurant or to
McDonald’s at 110 N. CARPENTER STREET, CHICAGO, ILLINOIS 60607. Either party, by a similar written
notice, may change the address to which notices shall be sent.
23.

Cost of Enforcement. If McDonald’s institutes any action at law or in equity against Franchisee

to secure or protect McDonald’s rights under or to enforce the terms of this Franchise, in addition to any judgment
entered in its favor, McDonald’s shall be entitled to recover such reasonable attorneys’ fees as may be allowed by
the court together with court costs and expenses of litigation.
24.

Indemnification. If McDonald’s shall be subject to any claim, demand, or penalty or become a

party to any suit or other judicial or administrative proceeding by reason of any claimed act or omission by
Franchisee or Franchisee’s employees or agents, or by reason of any act occurring on the Restaurant premises, or
by reason of an omission with respect to the business or operation of the Restaurant, Franchisee shall indemnify
and hold McDonald’s harmless against all judgments, settlements, penalties, and expenses, including attorneys’
fees, court costs, and other expenses of litigation or administrative proceeding, incurred by or imposed on
McDonald’s in connection with the investigation or defense relating to such claim, litigation, or administrative
proceeding and, at the election of McDonald’s, Franchisee shall also defend McDonald’s.
25.

Construction and Severability. All references in this Franchise to the singular shall include the

plural where applicable. If any part of this Franchise for any reason shall be declared invalid, such decision shall
not affect the validity of any remaining portion, which shall remain in full force and effect. In the event that any
material provision of this Franchise shall be stricken or declared invalid, McDonald’s reserves the right to terminate
this Franchise.
26.

Scope and Modification of Franchise. This Franchise (including Exhibit A and any riders hereto)

constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous, oral or written,
agreements or understandings of the parties. Nothing in this Franchise or in any related agreement, however, is
intended to disclaim the representations made in the Franchise Disclosure Document furnished to Franchisee. No
interpretation, change, termination, or waiver of any of the provisions hereof shall be binding upon McDonald’s
unless in writing signed by an officer or franchising director of McDonald’s, and which is specifically identified as
an amendment hereto. No modification, waiver, termination, rescission, discharge, or cancellation of this Franchise
shall affect the right of any party hereto to enforce any claim or right hereunder, whether or not liquidated, which
occurred prior to the date of such modification, waiver, termination, rescission, discharge, or cancellation.

13

27.

Governing Laws. The terms and provisions of this Franchise shall be interpreted in accordance

with and governed by the laws of the state of Illinois.
28.

Acknowledgment. Franchisee acknowledges that:
(a)

The term of this Franchise is set forth in paragraph 2(b) hereof with no promise or

representation as to the renewal of this Franchise or the grant of a new franchise;
(b)

Franchisee hereby represents that Franchisee has received a copy of this Franchise, has

read and understands all obligations being undertaken, and has had an opportunity to consult with Franchisee’s
attorney with respect thereto at least seven (7) calendar days prior to execution;
(c)

No representation has been made by McDonald’s as to the future profitability of the

(d)

Prior to the execution of this Franchise, Franchisee has worked at a McDonald’s restaurant

Restaurant;
and has had ample opportunity to contact existing franchisees of McDonald’s and to investigate all representations
made by McDonald’s relating to the McDonald’s System;
(e)

This Franchise establishes the Restaurant at the location specified on page 1 hereof only

and that no “exclusive,” “protected,” or other territorial rights in the contiguous market area of such Restaurant is
hereby granted or inferred;
(f)

This Franchise supersedes any and all other agreements and representations respecting the

Restaurant and contains all the terms, conditions, and obligations of the parties with respect to the grant of this
Franchise; however, nothing in this Franchise or in any related agreement is intended to disclaim the representations
made in the Franchise Disclosure Document furnished to Franchisee;
(g)

McDonald’s or its affiliates are the sole owner(s) of the trademarks, trade names, service

marks, and goodwill associated therewith, respectively, and Franchisee acquires no right, title, or interest in those
names and marks other than the right to use them only in the manner and to the extent prescribed and approved by
McDonald’s;
(h)

No future franchise or offers of franchises for additional McDonald’s restaurants, other

than this Franchise, have been promised to Franchisee and any other franchise offer shall only be in writing,
executed by an officer or franchising director of McDonald’s, and identified as a Franchise Agreement or New
Term Offer Letter;
(i)

Neither McDonald’s nor anyone acting on its behalf has made any representations,

inducements, promises, or agreements, orally or otherwise, respecting the subject matter of this Franchise, which is
not embodied herein or set forth in the Franchise Disclosure Document; and
(j)

This Franchise is offered to Franchisee personally and to no others, and may not be

accepted by any other person, partnership, or corporation, or transferred by assignment, will, or operation of law.

14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto set their hands and seals, in duplicate, the day and year in
this instrument first above written.
McDONALD’S USA, LLC

Franchisee

By:
Date
Prepared By:
Date

15

The following changes are made to the Franchise Agreement in the following states:
Hawaii

The following Rider is attached to the Franchise Agreement:
This Rider is made and entered into as of _______________, 20__ (this “Agreement”) by and
between______________________, a ______________ (“Franchisee”) and McDonald’s USA,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“McDonald’s”).
1.

Background. McDonald’s and Franchisee are parties to that certain Franchise Agreement
dated __________________________, 20__. This Rider is annexed to and forms part of the
Franchise Agreement. This Agreement is being signed because (a) any of the franchise offer
or sales activity occurred in Hawaii, or (b) Franchisee is a resident of Hawaii.

2. Acknowledgements:
The acknowledgements in Sections 28(b), (c), (d), and (i) of the Franchise Agreement are
hereby deleted.
The following language is added to the end of Section 28 of the Franchise Agreement: No
statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in connection
with the commencement of the Franchise shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under
any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
reliance on any statement made by McDonald’s, or other person acting on behalf of
McDonald’s. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in
connection with this Franchise.
Maryland

The following Rider is attached to the Franchise Agreement:
This Rider is made and entered into as of _______________, 20__ (this “Agreement”) by and
between______________________, a ______________ (“Franchisee”) and McDonald’s USA,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“McDonald’s”).
1. Background. McDonald’s and Franchisee are parties to that certain Franchise Agreement dated
__________________________, 20__ that has been signed concurrently with the signing of
this Rider. This Rider is annexed to and forms part of the Franchise Agreement. This Rider is
being signed because (a) Franchisee is a resident of Maryland, or (b) the Restaurant will be
located or operated in Maryland.
2. Governing Laws. The following sentence is added to the end of Section 27:
However, to the extent required by applicable law, Maryland law will apply to claims arising
under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.
3. Acknowledgment. The following language is added to the end of Section 28 of the Franchise
Agreement:
Such acknowledgments are not intended to nor shall they act as a release, estoppel or waiver
of any liability incurred under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the Franchise shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii)
disclaiming reliance on any statement made by McDonald’s, or other person acting on behalf

of McDonald’s. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in
connection with this Franchise.
The acknowledgements in Sections 28(b), (c), (d) of the Franchise Agreement are hereby
deleted.
Minnesota

Paragraph 27 continues with, “Nothing in this Franchise or the Franchise Disclosure Document
shall in any way abrogate or reduce any rights of the Franchisee as provided for in Minnesota
Statutes, Chapter 80C, or Franchisee’s rights to any procedure, forum, or remedies provided for by
the laws of the jurisdiction.”
A new Paragraph 28(h) is inserted (and remaining sub-paragraphs are renamed (i) through (k)) as
follows: “McDonald’s considers the trademarks, trade names, logo types, service marks, and
commercial symbols to be valuable property rights and continually protects against infringement
of these assets. It protects franchisees against claims of infringement or unfair competition to which
the franchisees might become subjected because of their authorized use of the trademarks, service
marks, logo types, or other commercial symbols in the United States.”
Paragraph 28(l) is added as follows: “With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota law,
McDonald’s will comply with Minnesota Statutes Section 80C.14, Subdivisions 3, 4, and 5 which
require, except in certain specified cases, that the Franchisee be given ninety (90) days notice of
termination (with sixty (60) days to cure) and 180 days notice for non-renewal of this Franchise;
and that consent to the transfer of this Franchise will not be unreasonably withheld.”

North Dakota Paragraph 11(b) continues with, “Covenants not to compete such as those mentioned above are
generally considered unenforceable in the State of North Dakota. However, Franchisee and
McDonald’s agree to enforce these provisions to the extent allowed under law.”
Paragraph 27 continues with, “, except that North Dakota law will govern with respect to claims
arising under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law.”
Washington

Paragraph 28(k) is added as follows: “In recognition of the requirements of the Washington
Franchise Investment Protection Act (the “Act”) and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, this Franchise shall be modified as follows:
The State of Washington has a statute, RCW 19.100.180, which might supersede this Franchise in
Franchisee’s relationship with McDonald’s, including the areas of termination and renewal of this
Franchise. There also might be court decisions which supersede this Franchise in Franchisee’s
relationship with McDonald’s, including the areas of termination and renewal of this Franchise.
In the event of a conflict of laws, to the extent required by the Act, the provisions of the Act,
Chapter 19.100 RCW, shall prevail.
To the extent required by the Act, a release or waiver of rights executed by a franchisee shall not
include rights under the Act except when executed pursuant to a negotiated settlement after the
agreement is in effect and where the parties are represented by independent counsel. Provisions
such as those which unreasonably restrict or limit the statute of limitations period for claims under
the Act, rights or remedies under the Act, such as a right to a jury trial, might not be enforceable;
however, McDonald’s and Franchisee agree to enforce them to the maximum extent the law
allows.”

For California, Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North Dakota, Rhode Island, South
Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin, the following Rider is attached to the Franchise Agreement:

This Rider is made and entered into as of _______________, 20__ (this “Agreement”) by and
between ____________________________, a ______________ (“Franchisee”) and McDonald’s
USA, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“McDonald’s”).
1. Background. McDonald’s and Franchisee are parties to that certain Franchise Agreement dated
__________________________, 20__ that has been signed concurrently with the signing of
this Rider. This Rider is annexed to and forms part of the Franchise Agreement.
2. Acknowledgment. The following language is added to the end of Section 28 of the Franchise
Agreement: No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by
Franchisee in connection with the commencement of the Franchise shall have the effect of (i)
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement,
or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by McDonald’s, or other person acting on
behalf of McDonald’s. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in
connection with this Franchise.

EXHIBIT E
NEW RESTAURANT RIDER
[CITY, STATE]
[Address]
L/C: __________
File #: __________
New Restaurant Rider
This Rider is attached to and incorporated into that certain Franchise Agreement, dated
____________________ (“Franchise”), by and between McDonald’s USA, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company (“McDonald’s”) and _________________________ and
_________________________ (collectively “Franchisee”).
1.
Franchisee represents and warrants that all of the financial terms relating to Franchisee’s
acquisition of the Restaurant have been disclosed in writing to McDonald’s and that McDonald’s grant of
the Franchise to Franchisee is based on its evaluation of these financial terms. Franchisee agrees that the
failure to disclose all financial terms to McDonald’s will constitute a material breach of the Franchise
pursuant, among other provisions, to paragraph 18(n) of the Franchise, thereby entitling McDonald’s to
all rights and remedies under the Franchise including, but not limited to, the right to terminate the
Franchise.
2.
Prior to the opening date of the Restaurant, all construction extras ordered or authorized
by Franchisee for which McDonald’s has paid the parties constructing the Restaurant must be paid by
Franchisee to McDonald’s.
3.
The amount of the monthly base rental payment in the Operator’s Lease (Exhibit A to
this Franchise) is computed based in part on McDonald’s total current real estate costs and its estimated
construction costs. If those costs increase within 180 days after the opening date of the Restaurant, the
monthly base rental payment will be recomputed and increased based on the increased costs, but only to a
maximum monthly base rental increase of $325.00. The corresponding monthly base sales will be
adjusted accordingly. The effective date of the increase will be 180 days after the opening date of the
Restaurant.
[Additional paragraph to be used for Co-investment, if applicable.]
4.
On or before the opening date of the Restaurant, Franchisee will pay to McDonald’s a
one-time contribution in the amount of $_______________ toward the costs of constructing the
Restaurant (“Improvement Costs”). Improvement Costs means in the aggregate any and all costs
associated with the design, permitting, materials, and construction of the building and site improvements
(the building and site improvements are collectively referred to in this Rider as the “Improvements”),
including, but not limited to, survey and design plans; zoning, subdivision, and other land use
assessments, applications, permits, and approvals; title and other legal reviews; soil borings,
environmental, and other physical studies and investigations; the demolition of the existing building and
site improvements and proper disposal of any resulting debris; any interest expense incurred by
McDonald’s; and all fees, expenses, overhead, and profit payable to outside consultants (including
attorneys, architects, engineers, contractors, suppliers, etc.) for services, labor, and materials in
connection with the design, permitting, and construction of the Restaurant.
[Additional paragraph to be used for Co-investment, if applicable.]
5.
Franchisee and McDonald’s agree that Improvements attributable to Franchisee’s share
of total Improvement Costs will be treated for income tax purposes as lessee improvements; that
Franchisee will be entitled to any cost recovery, depreciation, or amortization deductions available under
1

applicable income tax laws for Improvements; and that McDonald’s will not claim any cost recovery,
depreciation, or amortization deductions with respect to Improvements. Franchisee and McDonald’s
agree that Improvements attributable to McDonald’s share of total Improvement Costs will be treated for
income tax purposes as owned by McDonald’s; that McDonald’s will be entitled to any cost recovery,
depreciation, or amortization deductions available under applicable income tax laws for Improvements;
and that Franchisee will not claim any cost recovery, depreciation, or amortization deductions with
respect to Improvements. Franchisee and McDonald’s further agree that any Franchisee’s share of total
Improvement Costs is not intended to be, and will not be treated as, in whole or in part, a substitute for
rent. Neither Franchisee nor McDonald’s will take any position on any tax return or in any tax
proceeding that is inconsistent with the tax treatment provided in this paragraph.
Franchisee and McDonald’s will each be treated as incurring a pro rata portion of each
cost item that constitutes an Improvement Cost. Franchisee’s pro rata portion will be equal to the ratio of
Franchisee’s share to total Improvement Costs. McDonald’s pro rata portion will be equal to the ratio of
McDonald’s share to total Improvement Costs. If Franchisee chooses to perform a cost segregation study
with respect to Franchisee’s share of Improvement Costs, Franchisee will be solely responsible for all
costs and expenses incurred in connection with performing the study. Notwithstanding the preceding
sentences, and except for any leasehold estate in the land granted Franchisee in connection with this
Franchise, McDonald’s will have the exclusive legal and equitable right, title, and interest in and to the
land and Improvements.
Franchisee is solely responsible for preparing and filing all personal property, sales and
use, and other tax returns and for paying all personal property, sales and use, and other taxes, if any,
associated with Improvement Costs.
[Additional paragraphs to be used for Co-investment, if applicable.]
6.
In connection with Franchisee’s payment of a share of the Improvement Costs, Section
3.07 is hereby added to the Lease:
3.07
Allocations of Rent. Each payment of Basic Rent payable hereunder on a monthly basis
shall be allocated to and accrue during the calendar month in which such Basic Rent payment is due (i.e.,
the commencement date, in the case of the first payment, and thereafter the first day of each month). Each
payment of Percentage Rent payable hereunder shall be allocated to and accrue during the same period as
the Gross Sales period used to compute the amount of such Percentage Rent. Payments of rent with respect
to real estate taxes, assessments, other expenses and other charges shall be allocated to and accrue during
the periods to which such real estate taxes, assessments, other expenses and other charges relate. Any other
rent paid or deemed paid to Landlord and not otherwise appropriately attributable to a specific period shall
be allocated to and accrue during the period beginning on the date of such payment or deemed payment and
ending at the scheduled termination date of the term of this Lease.
[Additional paragraph to be used for Oil sites.]
7.
Franchisee agrees to reimburse McDonald’s each year for the premium to obtain
pollution/environmental contamination insurance under the terms of Schedule A attached to this Rider.
Franchisee must obtain commercial general liability insurance as required by the
Operator’s Lease for the benefit of McDonald’s and name the oil partner as an additional insured.

2

[Schedule to be used for Oil sites.]
SCHEDULE A
Pollution Coverage (rev. 6/25)
The standard commercial general liability insurance purchased by owner/operators excludes pollution
and/or environmental contamination. Since the oil alliance sites have a pollution exposure if
contamination is caused by negligence of McDonald’s or the owner/operator, an Environmental
Impairment Liability Policy (Pollution) has been purchased by McDonald’s for the protection of the
owner/operators and McDonald’s.
This coverage is being purchased on behalf of the owner/operators because, individually, such insurance
is either not available or the cost is prohibitive.
All Oil Alliance sites are covered under this policy.
A brief summary of the coverage follows:
Insurance Company:
Policy Period:
Limit of Liability:
Policy Aggregate Limit:
Deductible:
Annual Premium:

Beazley Furlonge Ltd
6/1/25-6/1/26 (renewed annually)
$10,000,000 each loss
$10,000,000
$50,000 per occurrence
$173.54 per location (includes taxes)*

*This is the premium in effect as of the date of this Franchise and it may increase with the renewal of the
policy.
Insurance premiums will be collected via the base rent draft on the third workday of each month.
Owner/operator will be drafted one twelfth of the premium per month except for the first three months of
operation. During the first three months of operation, the following will occur:




The premium will not be charged for the month of store opening.
The premium will be due but not drafted for the first full month of operation.
The second full month’s premium along with the first full month’s premium will be drafted on the
third workday of second month of operation.

Below is an example of how the premium will be drafted based on a June 15th open date and a $173.54
annual premium:
Month

Amount Due

Amount Drafted on
3rd Workday

June
July
August
September

$0
$14.46
$14.46
$14.46

$0
$0
$28.92
$14.46

THIS ADDITION TO THE DRAFT DOES NOT CHANGE BASE SALES CALCULATIONS.
Additional details of the coverage can be secured by contacting the McDonald’s Insurance Department at
630-623-6594. For questions on the premium collection procedures, contact a Home Office
Representative at 630-623-5319.

3

EXHIBIT F
BFL RIDER
[CITY, STATE]
[Address]
L/C: __________
File #: __________
BFL Rider
This Rider is attached to and incorporated into that certain Franchise Agreement, dated
____________________ (“Franchise”), by and between McDonald’s USA, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company (“McDonald’s”) and ______________________________ and
_______________________________ (collectively “Franchisee”).
1.
Franchisee is granted a conditional option to purchase the Business Facilities (as defined
in the Operator’s Lease, which is Exhibit A to this Franchise) for the Restaurant on the following terms:
[Alternate paragraph to be used for Fixed Option Price.]
a)
After 12 months of operation of the Restaurant business and upon 60 days’ notice
to McDonald’s, Franchisee may purchase: (i) the Business Facilities excluding
real estate and building; (ii) the right to occupy the Restaurant premises and
building in accordance with the Operator’s Lease as amended by paragraph 1d);
and (iii) the right to use the McDonald’s System as defined in and in accordance
with this Franchise (including payment of the initial franchise fee), as amended
by paragraph 1d). The purchase price will be $_______________.
[Alternate paragraph and table to be used for Scale Option Price.]
a)
After 12 months of operation of the Restaurant business and upon 60 days’ notice
to McDonald’s, Franchisee may purchase: (i) the Business Facilities excluding
real estate and building; (ii) the right to occupy the Restaurant premises and
building in accordance with the Operator’s Lease as amended by paragraph 1d);
and (iii) the right to use the McDonald’s System as defined in and in accordance
with this Franchise (including payment of the initial franchise fee), as amended
by paragraph 1d). The purchase price will be the greater of either
1) $_______________ or 2) the amount determined by the following table:
If the trailing 12 months
gross sales are between:
$_________ or less
$_________ and $__________
$_________ and up

Purchase Price
$
$
$

Any amounts paid by McDonald’s for restaurant equipment or leasehold
improvements (collectively add-ons) from the opening date of the Restaurant to
the date of the exercise of the conditional option will be added to the purchase
price determined above.
b)

Franchisee will be responsible for payment of all taxes, including, but not limited
to, state sales and bulk transfer taxes, which may be due as a result of the
exercise of the conditional option.

1

c)

Franchisee may not exercise the conditional option unless McDonald’s has
determined to its satisfaction that: (i) Franchisee’s operation of the Restaurant
has been in compliance with this Franchise; (ii) Franchisee has complied with the
National Franchising Standards; (iii) Franchisee injects 25% of the purchase
price in unencumbered funds; and (iv) the cash flow from the operations of the
Restaurant is sufficient.

d)

Upon exercise of the conditional option, this Franchise will be amended to
provide for the following term and rental:
(i)

The term will expire 20 years after the opening date of the Restaurant,
unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Franchise.

(ii)

A monthly rental payment equal to the basic rent amount, plus the
percentage of monthly gross sales in excess of the monthly gross sales
amount, as shown on Schedule B1 attached to this Rider.

(iii)

The amount of the monthly base rental payment shown on Schedule B1
attached to this Rider is computed based in part on McDonald’s total
current real estate costs and its estimated construction costs. If those
costs increase within 180 days after the opening date of the Restaurant,
the monthly base rental payment will be recomputed and increased based
on the increased costs, but only to a maximum monthly base rental
increase of $325.00. The corresponding monthly base sales will be
adjusted accordingly. The effective date of the increase will be the date
of the exercise of the conditional option.

e)

Upon exercise of the conditional option, Franchisee must execute a Business
Facilities Lease Option Exercise Agreement with McDonald’s on McDonald’s
standard forms.

f)

The conditional option will not survive the original term of this Franchise and is
personal to Franchisee only.

[Additional paragraph to be used for Oil sites.]
2.
Franchisee agrees to reimburse McDonald’s each year for the premium to obtain
pollution/environmental contamination insurance under the terms of Schedule A attached to this Rider.
Franchisee must obtain commercial general liability insurance as required by the
Operator’s Lease for the benefit of McDonald’s and name the oil partner as an additional insured.

2

[Schedule to be used for Oil sites.]
SCHEDULE A
Pollution Coverage (rev.6/25)
The standard commercial general liability insurance purchased by owner/operators excludes pollution
and/or environmental contamination. Since the oil alliance sites have a pollution exposure if
contamination is caused by negligence of McDonald’s or the owner/operator, an Environmental
Impairment Liability Policy (Pollution) has been purchased by McDonald’s for the protection of the
owner/operators and McDonald’s.
This coverage is being purchased on behalf of the owner/operators because, individually, such insurance
is either not available or the cost is prohibitive.
All Oil Alliance sites are covered under this policy.
A brief summary of the coverage follows:
Insurance Company:
Policy Period:
Limit of Liability:
Policy Aggregate Limit:
Deductible:
Annual Premium:

Beazley Furlonge Ltd
6/1/25-6/1/26 (renewed annually)
$10,000,000 each loss
$10,000,000
$50,000 per occurrence
$173.54 per location (includes taxes)*

*This is the premium in effect as of the date of this Franchise and it may increase with the renewal of the
policy.
Insurance premiums will be collected via the base rent draft on the third workday of each month.
Owner/operator will be drafted one twelfth of the premium per month except for the first three months of
operation. During the first three months of operation, the following will occur:




The premium will not be charged for the month of store opening.
The premium will be due but not drafted for the first full month of operation.
The second full month’s premium along with the first full month’s premium will be drafted on the
third workday of second month of operation.

Below is an example of how the premium will be drafted based on a June 15th open date and a $173.54
annual premium:
Month

Amount Due

Amount Drafted on
3rd Workday

June
July
August
September

$0
$14.46
$14.46
$14.46

$0
$0
$28.92
$14.46

THIS ADDITION TO THE DRAFT DOES NOT CHANGE BASE SALES CALCULATIONS.
Additional details of the coverage can be secured by contacting the McDonald’s Insurance Department at
630-623-6594. For questions on the premium collection procedures, contact a Home Office
Representative at 630-623-5319.

3

EXHIBIT G
OPERATOR’S LEASE
[CITY, STATE]
[Address]
L/C: __________
File: __________
EXHIBIT A TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
OPERATOR’S LEASE
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Article 1
Sec.

SUMMARY OF FUNDAMENTAL LEASE PROVISIONS
1.01 Term
1.02 Rent
1.03 Legal Description
1.04 Liability Insurance Limits
1.05 Attachments, Exhibits and Addenda

1
1
1
1
1

Article 2
Sec.

PREMISES AND TERM
2.01 Premises
2.02 Term
2.03 Quiet Enjoyment
2.04 Use of Premises
2.05 Rule Against Perpetuities
2.06 Construction and Delivery of Building and Other Improvements
2.07 Acceptance of Premises
2.08 Tenant’s Compliance With Various Requirements

1
2
2
2
2
2
2
3

Article 3
Sec.

RENT, TAXES, RECORDS AND REPORTS
3.01 Rent
3.01 (A) Basic Rent and Pass Thru Rent
3.01 (B) Percentage Rent
3.01 (C) Definition of “Gross Sales”
3.01 (D) Taxes and Assessments
3.01 (E) Other Charges and Expenses
3.01 (F) Method and Proof of Payment
3.02 Records
3.03 Reports
3.03 (A) Default in Reporting
3.03 (B) Inspection of Records by Landlord
3.04 No Abatement of Rent
3.05 Interest on Delinquencies
3.06 Lien for Rent

3
3
3
3
4
5
5
5
5
6
6
6
6
6

i

TABLE OF CONTENTS (Continued)
Article 4
Sec.

OBLIGATIONS OF TENANT
4.01 Utilities
4.02 Maintenance and Repair
4.03 Alterations
4.04 Surety
4.05 Liens Against Property
4.06 Assignment by Tenant
4.07 Franchise Agreement

6
6
7
7
7
7
8

Article 5
Sec.

FIXTURES AND EQUIPMENT
5.01 Fixtures
5.02 Removal of Tenant’s Property

8
8

Article 6
Sec.

INSURANCE AND DAMAGE TO PROPERTY
6.01 Liability Insurance
6.02 Rental Insurance
6.03 Property Insurance
6.04 Placement and Policies of Insurance
6.05 Repair and Replacement of Buildings

8
8
8
9
9

Article 7
Sec.

RIGHTS OF LANDLORD
7.01 Inspection by Landlord
7.02 Indemnity for Litigation
7.03 Waiver of Claims
7.04 Re-entry Upon Default
7.05 Holding Over
7.06 Remedies Cumulative
7.07 Waiver
7.08 Accord and Satisfaction
7.09 Right to Perform for Tenant
7.10 Condemnation
7.11 Subordination and Non-Disturbance

10
10
10
10
11
12
12
12
12
12
13

Article 8
Sec.

MISCELLANEOUS
8.01 No Agency Created
8.02 Recording of Lease
8.03 Force Majeure
8.04 Paragraph Headings
8.05 Invalidity of a Provision
8.06 Law Governing
8.07 Entire Agreement
8.08 Parties Bound
8.09 Notices or Demands

14
14
14
14
14
14
14
14
15

ii

OPERATOR’S LEASE
THIS LEASE shall be considered effective the same date as the Franchise Agreement to which
it is attached (the “Franchise Agreement”). The term “Landlord,” when used in this Lease, shall
refer to McDonald’s USA, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and the term “Tenant,” when
used in this Lease, shall refer to the undersigned Tenant.
In consideration of the mutual promises contained in this Lease, the parties agree as follows:
ARTICLE 1 SUMMARY OF FUNDAMENTAL LEASE PROVISIONS
1.01 Term: (See Article 2.02) The term of this Lease will begin on ______________ and
end on ______________.
1.02 Rent: See Article 3.01 and Schedule B, attached.
1.03 Legal Description: See Schedule A and Article 2.01.
1.04 Liability Insurance Limits: $5,000,000 per occurrence/$5,000,000 aggregate.
1.05 Attachments, Exhibits and Addenda: This Lease includes the following Attachments,
Schedules and Addenda which will take precedence over conflicting provisions (if any) of this
Lease, and they are made an integral part of this Lease and are fully incorporated into it by this
reference.
(i)

Schedule A – Legal Description

(ii)

Schedule B – Rent

(iii)

Schedule C – Landlord’s Interest Addendum

(iv)

Schedule D – Head Lease dated ______________ with amendments dated
______________.

(v)

Schedule E – ______________________________________________

References in this Article to the other Articles in this Lease are for convenience and to designate
some of the other Articles where references to particular Fundamental Lease Provisions will be
made. If there is any conflict between a Fundamental Lease Provision and the balance of the
Lease, the former will control.
ARTICLE 2 PREMISES AND TERM
2.01 Premises: Landlord leases to Tenant the real estate described in Schedule A, attached,
together with all easements and appurtenances and all buildings and improvements located on
the real estate (all of which are collectively referred to in this Lease as “the Premises”). The
Premises are subject to any easements, conditions, encumbrances, restrictions, and party wall
agreements, if any, of record and roads and highways and zoning and building code restrictions
existing on the date of this Lease.

1

2.02 Term: The term of this Lease will be as indicated in Article 1.01, subject, however, to
any rights set forth in this Lease for the earlier termination of the Lease term. At the request of
either party, a supplement establishing the beginning and ending dates of this Lease shall be
executed. Landlord may establish the beginning date by notifying the Tenant in writing of the date
it recognizes as the beginning date of the term.
2.03 Quiet Enjoyment: Landlord promises that Tenant, upon paying the rent and all other
charges provided for in this Lease, and upon observing and keeping all Tenant’s obligations, will
lawfully and quietly hold, occupy and enjoy the Premises during the term of this Lease, without
hindrance or interference by anyone claiming by, through or under Landlord, subject to the terms
of this Lease and any mortgage or encumbrance now or hereafter placed on the Premises by
Landlord.
2.04 Use of Premises: Tenant will use and occupy the Premises solely for a McDonald’s
Restaurant selling only such products and operating in a manner that may be designated by
McDonald’s USA, LLC. Tenant agrees to continuously occupy the Premises during the term of
this Lease and agrees not to vacate them. A breach of this provision will be deemed to be
substantial. If Tenant vacates the Premises during the term of this Lease, Landlord will have the
right, in addition to its other rights and remedies, to enter the Premises for the purpose of
continuing the operation of the McDonald’s Restaurant; and, if Landlord so elects, Landlord shall
be entitled to all profits, if any, from the operation of the restaurant. Tenant further agrees to
conduct its restaurant business in a manner that will maximize Gross Sales. Tenant agrees to
purchase, install and maintain, all at its own expense, signs and trade fixtures and equipment in
accordance with the plans, specifications and layouts of McDonald’s USA, LLC, or any of its
subsidiaries, unless these items have been furnished by Landlord.
2.05 Rule Against Perpetuities: If the term of this Lease or the accrual of rent have not
commenced within one (1) year from date of execution of this Lease, this Lease will become null
and void and of no further force and effect. The sole remedy of Tenant in such case is the return
of any monies paid to Landlord in anticipation of this Lease.
2.06 Construction and Delivery of Building and Other Improvements: Landlord will
construct or have others construct or remodel or otherwise prepare the Premises for a McDonald’s
Restaurant in accordance with the then current plans and specifications of McDonald’s USA, LLC.
The Premises will be delivered to Tenant when they are sufficiently completed to allow Tenant to
install, at Tenant’s sole cost and expense, the signs, trade fixtures, equipment and other personal
property and improvements necessary to complete the Premises for the operation of a
McDonald’s Restaurant, unless otherwise provided in Article 1.03. Tenant will promptly and
diligently perform its work in accordance with the plans and specifications previously submitted
by or to Tenant and approved by Landlord and in compliance with all applicable federal, state and
local statutes, codes and regulations. Tenant will do all that is reasonably necessary to promptly
open the restaurant as soon as possible after delivery of the Premises to the Tenant.
2.07 Acceptance of Premises:
By taking possession of the Premises, Tenant
acknowledges that Tenant has inspected the Premises and the improvements thereon and found
them to be in a safe, satisfactory, and completed condition, ready for occupancy and the
installation of trade fixtures, equipment and signage. All warranties as to the condition of the
Premises or its fitness for use, either expressed or implied, are expressly waived by Tenant.
Tenant may, however, receive certain warranties and guarantees, by separate agreement, from
McDonald’s USA, LLC or one of its subsidiaries; but those warranties will be personal covenants,
only, and will not be binding upon the successors and assigns of Landlord.

2

2.08 Tenant’s Compliance With Various Requirements: Tenant may not use or permit
any person to use the Premises or any part of it for any use in violation of federal, state or local
laws, including, but not limited to, present and future ordinances or other regulations of any
municipality in which the Premises are situated. Tenant will not use or permit any person to use
the Premises or any building thereon for the manufacture or sale of intoxicating liquor of any kind
whatsoever. Except as provided below, Tenant may not operate any coin or token operated
vending or similar device for the sale of any goods, wares, merchandise, food, beverages or
services, including but not limited to, pay telephones, pay lockers, pay toilets, scales, amusement
devices, and machines for the sale of beverages, foods, candy, cigarettes or other commodities.
One coin operated newspaper vending machine, Playplace games and one pay telephone may
be installed, if they are in compliance with Landlord’s current written policy on the installation and
maintenance of these items. During the term of this Lease, Tenant will keep the Premises and
all buildings in a clean and wholesome condition and repair and will maintain the Premises so that
they fully comply with all lawful health and police regulations. Tenant will conduct the McDonald’s
Restaurant on the Premises strictly in accordance with the terms and provisions of the Franchise
Agreement. Tenant will minimize all cooking odors and smoke, maintain the highest degree of
sanitation and comply with all ordinances, orders, directives, rules and regulations of all
governmental bodies, bureaus and offices having jurisdiction over Tenant and over the Premises.
Landlord makes no warranties or representations as to the state of such ordinances, rules, orders
and directives, regulations, and Tenant acknowledges that Tenant has independently investigated
them and will comply with them. Landlord makes no warranties or representations that the
Premises, when accepted by Tenant, conform with the Federal, State or Industrial Safety Codes.
Tenant will obtain, keep in full force and effect, and strictly comply with, all governmental licenses
and permits which may be required for Tenant’s use and occupancy of the Premises and the
operation of the McDonald’s Restaurant.
ARTICLE 3 RENT, TAXES, RECORDS AND REPORTS
3.01 Rent: Tenant promises to pay rent to Landlord, without offset or deduction, as follows:
A.
Basic Rent and Pass Thru Rent: Tenant will pay monthly to Landlord the Basic Rent
and any Pass Thru Rent, if applicable, as indicated in Schedule B, attached. The first payment
of Basic Rent and Pass Thru Rent, if applicable, will be due and payable on the commencement
date of the term, and the subsequent monthly rental payments, including any Pass Thru Rent, will
be due thereafter, in advance, on or before the first day of every succeeding calendar month. If
the date of commencement of rent occurs on a day other than the first day of the month, the first
rental payment (of Basic Rent, Pass Thru Rent, if any, and Percentage Rent, if any) will be
adjusted for the proportionate fraction of the whole month so that all rental payments, other than
the first, will be made and become due and payable on the first day of each month.
B.
Percentage Rent: In addition to the Basic Rent and Pass Thru Rent, if applicable,
Tenant promises to pay Percentage Rent to Landlord in the amount and during the periods set
forth in Schedule B, attached, on all Gross Sales from the Premises in excess of the Monthly
Base Sales set forth in Schedule B, attached. See Article 3.03 for the manner of payment of
Percentage Rent.
C. Definition of “Gross Sales”: For the purposes of this Lease, the term “Gross Sales”
will mean all receipts (cash, cash equivalent, credit or redeemed gift certificates) or revenue from
sales by Tenant, and of all others, from all business conducted upon or from the Premises,
whether such sales be evidenced by check, cash, credit, charge account, exchange or otherwise,

3

and will include, but not be limited to, the amount received from the sale of goods, wares and
merchandise, including sales of food, beverages and tangible property of every kind and nature,
promotional or otherwise, and for services performed at the Premises, together with the amount
of all orders taken or received at the Premises, all as may be prescribed or approved by the
Franchise Agreement. Gross Sales will not include sales of merchandise for which cash has been
refunded, or allowances made on merchandise claimed to be defective or unsatisfactory, provided
that such returned or exchanged merchandise will have been previously included in Gross Sales.
Gross Sales will not include the amount of any sales tax imposed by any federal, state or other
governmental authority directly on sales and collected from customers, provided that the amount
of the tax is added to the selling price and actually paid by Tenant to such governmental authority.
Each charge or sale upon installment or credit will be treated as a sale for the full price in the
month during which such charge or sale is made irrespective of the time when Tenant receives
payment (whether full or partial). In addition, Landlord may, from time to time, permit or allow
certain other items to be excluded from Gross Sales. However, any such permission or allowance
may be revoked or withdrawn at the discretion of Landlord and will not stop Landlord from
requiring strict compliance with the terms of this Lease.
D. Taxes and Assessments: In addition to the Basic Rent, the Pass Thru Rent, if
applicable, and the Percentage Rent, Tenant will pay directly to the taxing authority, when due,
all real estate taxes and special and general assessments that are levied or assessed against the
Premises during the term or any extension of this Lease. Tenant agrees to provide to Landlord,
if requested, copies of paid invoices and such other documentation evidencing payment of taxes
as may be reasonably requested by Landlord. If Tenant shall default in the payment of any
obligation herein required to be paid by Tenant, then Landlord may pay the same together with
any penalty or interest levied on the tax bill, and Tenant will be obligated to repay Landlord on
demand for such payment, together with interest on all past due obligations, including interest on
the penalty and interest levied under this provision.
(a) First and Last Year: All real estate taxes and general and special assessment
payments of every nature paid during the first and last year of the term of this Lease will be
prorated. This tax proration will be based upon the fiscal year of the taxing authority levying
the tax, using the percentage of the taxes payable during the first or last tax fiscal year that
Tenant actually occupies, or had the right to occupy, the demised Premises. The party paying
such taxes shall be entitled to reimbursement from the other party for its pro rata share upon
demand and the presentation of an itemized statement with copies of all appropriate
documentation evidencing payment.
(b) Rent Taxes: Tenant will also pay promptly, when due, any tax which is levied or
assessed against the rental, real or tangible personal property, whether or not called a rental
tax, excise tax, sales tax, gross receipts tax, tax on services or otherwise; and Tenant will
promptly reimburse Landlord for any similar tax which Landlord is required to pay or, in fact,
does pay. Such payment or reimbursement will not be deducted from Gross Sales.
(c) Personal Property Taxes: Tenant agrees to pay all personal property taxes levied
upon the fixtures, equipment and other improvements located on the Premises whether
installed and paid for by Tenant or Landlord. The personal property taxes for the first and last
year of the term of this Lease will be prorated in the same manner as the real estate taxes
and assessments.

4

(d) Appeal: Subject to Landlord’s rights, Tenant, at Tenant’s sole expense, is authorized
and hereby permitted to contest and appeal property tax assessments on the demised
Premises, and Landlord will cooperate with and assist Tenant in any reasonable manner.
E.
Other Charges and Expenses: Any other charge or expense of any nature which
Landlord may be required to pay by virtue of Landlord’s interest in the Premises (including, but
not limited to, common area maintenance charges, merchant’s association’s dues, utility charges,
fees and taxes and security service fees – collectively referred to as “other charges”) will be
promptly paid by Tenant to the party to whom they are due as additional charges. Landlord will
provide Tenant with information necessary for Tenant to pay the other charges prior to, or as soon
as possible after, the commencement of the term of this Lease. Until Tenant receives this
information, Tenant will not be responsible for the other charges.
F.

Method and Proof of Payment:

(a) Tenant shall, at all times, participate in Landlord’s automatic debit/credit transfer
program as specified by Landlord from time to time for the payment of all amounts due
Landlord pursuant to this Lease. Tenant shall execute and deliver to Landlord such
documents and instruments as may be necessary to establish and maintain said automatic
debit/credit transfer program.
(b) With respect to Articles 3.01(D) and (E), above, or any other provision in this Lease
which requires or contemplates Tenant first paying other charges or expenses, Landlord may,
at its exclusive option, elect to make such payments directly to the taxing authority, Head
Landlord (if applicable), utility company or other party due a payment for which Tenant is liable
under this Lease. If Landlord wishes to exercise this option, Landlord will notify Tenant in
writing of its election. From that time on, Landlord shall make such payments directly, and all
penalties and expenses thereafter accruing shall be the responsibility of Landlord. If Landlord
elects to make any payment directly, Tenant shall, nonetheless, be responsible for making
payment to Landlord for any payment Landlord will make, or makes, within ten (10) days of
Tenant’s receipt of a billing advice from Landlord.
3.02 Records: Tenant will keep and preserve upon the Premises complete written records
of all Gross Sales conducted in any calendar or business year for a period of three (3) years, in a
manner and form satisfactory to Landlord. Tenant will permit Landlord or Landlord’s
representatives to examine or audit the records at any and all reasonable times, and will, upon
Landlord’s request, explain the method of keeping records. The books and records will include
cash register tapes, properly identified, over-ring slips, sales journals, general ledger, profit and
loss statements, balance sheets, purchase invoices, bank statements with canceled checks and
deposit advices, corporate books and records, management company books, including, but not
limited to, minute books and stock certificate books, state sales tax returns, federal income tax
returns, retailer’s occupation tax returns or similar returns required to be filed by the state in which
the Premises are located.
3.03 Reports: By 11:00 a.m. Central Standard Time of the first business day of each month,
Tenant will deliver to Landlord, in the manner specified by Landlord from time to time, a statement
by Tenant or Tenant’s authorized representative, reflecting Gross Sales during the preceding
month. Tenant will pay to Landlord on or before ten (10) days after the end of each calendar
month during this Lease all sums due based upon Gross Sales as shown in the statement for the
period covered by the statement. Within thirty (30) days following the expiration of each calendar
year of the term of this Lease, Tenant will deliver to Landlord at the place last fixed for the payment

5

of rent, a statement of Gross Sales for the preceding calendar year (certified, at Tenant’s expense,
if requested by Landlord, by a Certified Public Accountant of good standing and reputation in the
state in which the Premises are located) which will show Gross Sales separately for each monthly
period during the preceding year.
A.
Default in Reporting: Upon failure of Tenant to prepare and deliver promptly any
monthly or annual statement required by this Lease or to make any required payment, Landlord
may elect to treat Tenant’s failure as a substantial breach of this Lease entitling Landlord to
terminate this Lease and Tenant’s right to possession of the Premises.
B.
Inspection of Records by Landlord: If Landlord is dissatisfied with statements
furnished by Tenant, Landlord may notify Tenant, and Landlord, at its option, may then examine
Tenant’s books or have a Certified Public Accountant selected by Landlord examine Tenant’s
books. If such examination discloses any underpayment of Percentage Rent, Tenant will promptly
pay the deficient amount. If Tenant contests such deficiency, Landlord will then appoint an
independent auditor to examine Tenant’s books and records. If the independent audit confirms
that there has been an underpayment exceeding two percent (2%) of the Percentage Rent, as
represented by Tenant, Tenant will, in addition to the above, reimburse Landlord for the cost of
the auditor’s examination.
3.04 No Abatement of Rent: Except as provided in this Lease, damage to or destruction of
any portion or all of the buildings, structures and fixtures upon the Premises, by fire, the elements
or any other cause, whether with or without fault on the part of Tenant, will not terminate this
Lease or entitle Tenant to surrender the Premises or entitle Tenant to any abatement of or
reduction in the rent payable, or otherwise affect the respective obligations of the parties, any
present or future law to the contrary notwithstanding, subject to Article 6.05 in this Lease.
3.05 Interest on Delinquencies: If the Tenant is past due on the payment of any amount
due Landlord, under this Lease, including accrued interest, the Tenant shall be required, to the
extent permitted by law, to pay interest on the past due amount to the Landlord for the period
beginning with the original due date for payment to the date of actual payment at an annual rate
equal to the highest rate allowed by law or, if there is no maximum rate permitted by law, then
fifteen percent (15%). Such interest will be calculated on the basis of monthly compounding and
the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365.
3.06 Lien for Rent: Tenant grants to Landlord a lien upon all Tenant’s property located on
the Premises, from time to time, for all rent and other sums due from Tenant to Landlord under
the provisions of this Lease.
ARTICLE 4 OBLIGATIONS OF TENANT
4.01 Utilities: Tenant will pay directly all charges for gas, electricity, or other utilities, sewer
charges, taxes and driveway fees, if applicable, and for all water used on the Premises as such
charges become due. Tenant’s obligation to pay the foregoing charges will commence five (5)
days after Tenant’s equipment is delivered to the Premises.
4.02 Maintenance and Repair: Tenant will, at its expense, (a) keep the entire Premises, all
improvements, utility lines and Tenant’s or Landlord’s fixtures and equipment at all times in good
repair, order or condition; (b) replace all broken, damaged or missing personal property, fixtures
or equipment; and (c) at the expiration of the term of this Lease, whether by lapse of time or
otherwise, surrender the Premises in good repair, order and condition, ordinary wear and tear

6

excepted, and loss by fire and other casualty excepted to the extent that provision for such
exception may elsewhere be made in this Lease. Upon request of Landlord, Tenant will remove
all signs and other identifying features from the Premises. Tenant’s obligation to make repairs to
the Premises will include all repairs, whether ordinary or extraordinary, including structural repairs
to the foundation, floors, walls and roof.
4.03 Alterations: Tenant shall not make any change in, alteration of, or addition to any part
of the Premises, or remove any of the buildings or building fixtures without, in each instance,
obtaining the prior written consent of Landlord and complying with all governmental rules,
ordinances and regulations.
4.04 Surety: Before commencement of any construction or installation of any structure,
fixture, equipment or other improvement on the Premises, or of any repairs, alterations, additions,
replacement or restoration in, on or about the Premises, Tenant will give Landlord written notice
specifying the nature and location of the intended work and the expected date of commencement.
Tenant will deposit with Landlord, if requested by Landlord, a certificate or other evidence
satisfactory to Landlord that Tenant has obtained a bond or that Tenant’s building contractor, if
any, has furnished a bond in favor of Landlord, with a surety approved by Landlord, guaranteeing
the performance and completion of all work free and clear of all liens arising from such work.
Landlord reserves the right to withhold its approval of any proposed construction, improvement,
repair, alteration or replacement and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, may require
as a condition of its approval that it be permitted to review and approve any contract entered into
by Tenant regarding such notices as may be necessary to protect Landlord against liability for
liens and claims.
4.05 Liens Against Property: Nothing in this Lease will authorize Tenant to do any act
which will in any way encumber the title of Landlord to the Premises. The interest or estate of
Landlord or the fee owner in the Premises, if Landlord is not the fee owner, will not in any way be
subject to any claim by lien or encumbrance, whether by operation of law or by virtue of any
express or implied contract by Tenant. Tenant will not permit the Premises to become subject to
any mechanics’, laborers’ or materialsmen’s lien for labor or material furnished to Tenant in
connection with work of any character performed or claimed to have been performed on the
Premises by or at the direction of, or sufferance of, Tenant.
If any lien is filed against the Premises or Tenant’s interest in this Lease, at Landlord’s option,
Tenant will either pay the amount of the lien in full or will, upon demand of Landlord, provide and
pay for a non-cancelable bond, placed with a reputable company, approved by Landlord, in an
amount deemed sufficient by Landlord, insuring the interest of Landlord and any mortgagee from
any loss by reason of the filing of such lien. Tenant will immediately pursue in good faith its legal
remedies to remove a lien on the Premises.
4.06 Assignment by Tenant: Tenant will not allow or permit any transfer of this Lease or
any interest in this Lease by operation of law, or assign, convey, mortgage, pledge or encumber
this Lease or any interest in this Lease, or permit the use or occupancy of the Premises or any
part thereof without, in each case, obtaining Landlord’s prior written consent. No assignment
(with or without Landlord’s consent) will release Tenant from any of its obligations in this Lease.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord shall consent to an assignment by Tenant of his rights
and interest in this Lease if the Tenant complies with the terms and conditions of the Franchise
Agreement pertaining to the assignment of the Franchise Agreement.

7

4.07 Franchise Agreement: Tenant will comply with and perform all covenants contained
in the Franchise Agreement. Tenant’s breach of any of the terms and covenants of the Franchise
Agreement will also constitute a breach of this Lease. Termination, expiration, default or
revocation of the Franchise Agreement for any reason, either in whole or in part, will also terminate
this Lease, without further notice being required.
ARTICLE 5 FIXTURES AND EQUIPMENT
5.01 Fixtures: All buildings and improvements and all plumbing, heating, lighting, electrical
and air conditioning fixtures and equipment and all other articles of property which, at the date
Tenant takes possession of the Premises, are the property of Landlord or of the fee owner of the
Premises are and will remain a part of the real estate and be considered to be leased in this
Lease. Any additions, alterations or remodeling of improvements made to the Premises will
immediately become the property of Landlord and will not be removed by Tenant at the
termination of this Lease by lapse of time or otherwise.
5.02 Removal of Tenant’s Property: At or prior to the termination of this Lease, whether by
lapse of time or otherwise, Tenant will, subject to any rights of Landlord under the Franchise
Agreement, remove all of its personal property and trade fixtures from the Premises and will repair
any damage to the Premises which may have been caused by such removal.
ARTICLE 6 INSURANCE AND DAMAGE TO PROPERTY
6.01 Liability Insurance: Tenant will pay for and maintain during the entire term of this
Lease the following insurance:
A.
Worker’s Compensation Insurance prescribed by law in the state in which the Premises
are located and Employer’s Liability Insurance with $100,000/$500,000/$100,000 minimum limit.
If the state in which the Premises are located allows the option of carrying no Worker’s
Compensation, and Tenant chooses to exercise that option, Tenant shall nonetheless carry and
maintain other insurance with coverage and limits as approved by the Landlord.
B.
Commercial General Liability Insurance in a form approved by Landlord, on an
occurrence basis, with limits as described in Article 1.04.
C.

Fire Legal Liability Insurance with minimum limits of $500,000 per occurrence.

6.02 Rental Insurance: Tenant will maintain and keep in force rental insurance in an amount
equal to not less than the total of one (1) year’s Basic Rent and Pass Thru Rent, if applicable, as
specified in Article 1.02 of this Lease.
6.03 Property Insurance: Tenant will maintain and keep in force, all risk insurance, including
flood, earthquake and earth movement coverage, upon the Premises, fixtures, operational
equipment, signs, furnishings, decor, plate glass and supplies, in a full replacement cost form
obligating the insurer to pay the full cost of repair or replacement. It is intended that neither
Landlord nor Tenant will be a co-insurer, and to that end, if the insurance proceeds are not
adequate to rebuild the building or other improvements located on the Premises, Tenant will be
obligated for the difference between the proceeds obtained and the actual cost of the restoration
of the Premises, fixtures, operational equipment, signs, furnishings, decor, plate glass and
supplies.

8

6.04 Placement and Policies of Insurance: All insurance policies required to be carried in
this Lease will name Landlord and any party designated by Landlord as additional insured. All
policies will be effective on or prior to the date Tenant is given possession of the Premises for the
purpose of installing equipment, and evidence of payment of Premiums and duplicate copies of
policies of the insurance required in this Lease will be delivered to Landlord at least thirty (30)
days prior to the date that Tenant opens for business or thirty (30) days prior to the expiration
dates of an existing policy of insurance. All policies of insurance will include as an additional
insured any mortgagee, as its interest may appear, and will include provisions prohibiting
cancellations or material changes to the policy until thirty (30) days prior written notice has been
given to Landlord.
If Tenant should fail to obtain the required insurance, Landlord may, but is not obligated to,
purchase the insurance, adding the premiums paid to Tenant’s monthly rent. Tenant may
authorize Landlord to purchase and to administer the required minimum insurance on Tenant’s
behalf. However, Landlord, by placement of the required minimum insurance, assumes no
responsibility for premium expense nor guarantees payment for any losses sustained by Tenant.
Landlord may relieve itself of all obligations with respect to the purchase and administration of the
required insurance coverage by giving ten (10) days written notice to Tenant.
All insurance will be placed with a reputable insurance company licensed to do business in
the state in which the Premises are located and having a financial size category equal to or greater
than IX and a policyholders rating of “A +” or “A”, as assigned by Alfred M. Best and Company,
Inc., unless otherwise approved by Landlord. Tenant further agrees to increase the various
insurance coverages specified above from time to time upon the written request of Landlord to
meet changing economic conditions and requirements imposed upon Landlord under the
Landlord’s Head Lease (if applicable) and loan agreements, if any.
6.05 Repair and Replacement of Buildings: If the building on the Premises is damaged by
fire or any other casualty, Landlord will, within a reasonable time from the date of the damage or
destruction, repair or replace the building so that Tenant may continue in occupancy. Landlord’s
obligation to rebuild or restore the Premises will, however, be only to the extent of insurance
proceeds recovered. Basic Rent and any Pass Thru Rent required to be paid in this Lease will
not abate during the period of untenantability. If the building cannot be replaced or repaired within
a reasonable time due to the inability of Landlord to obtain materials and labor, or because of
strikes, acts of God or governmental restrictions that would prohibit, limit or delay the construction,
then the time for completion of the repair or replacement will be extended accordingly. However,
in any event, if the repair or replacement of the building has not been commenced within a period
of one (1) year from the date of the damage or destruction, Tenant or Landlord may, at their
option, terminate this Lease. If any damage or destruction occurs during the last five (5) years of
the term of this Lease to the extent of fifty percent (50%) or more of the insurable value of the
building, Landlord may, by notice to Tenant within forty (40) days after the occurrence of the
damage or destruction, in lieu of repairing or replacing the building, elect to terminate this Lease
as of the date of the damage or destruction. Tenant hereby expressly waives and releases any
and all claims against Landlord for damages in case of Landlord’s failure to rebuild or restore the
building in accordance with the provisions of this Article. Tenant’s sole remedy for any such failure
will be to elect to terminate this Lease as of the date of occurrence of the damage or destruction.
If the building and other improvements are not repaired, restored or replaced, for any reason, all
proceeds of the all risk coverage insurance applicable to the building and other permanent
improvements will be paid and given to Landlord. Tenant agrees to execute and deliver any
release or other document Landlord may request to obtain the release or control of the proceeds.

9

If Landlord repairs and restores the Premises, as required above, Tenant agrees to promptly
repair, replace, restore or rebuild Tenant’s leasehold improvements, equipment and furnishings
(“Tenant’s Improvements”) in accordance with the current standards and specifications for
McDonald’s Restaurants upon notice from Landlord that the Premises are ready for Tenant’s
Improvements. Tenant agrees to submit for Landlord’s approval, all plans and specifications for
Tenant’s Improvements to Landlord within thirty (30) days after Landlord delivers its plans and
specifications for the restored Premises to Tenant.
ARTICLE 7 RIGHTS OF LANDLORD
7.01 Inspection by Landlord: Landlord or any authorized representative of Landlord may
enter the Premises at all times during reasonable business hours for the purpose of inspecting
the Premises.
7.02 Indemnity for Litigation: If Landlord becomes subject to any claim, demand or penalty
or becomes a party to any suit or other judicial or administrative proceeding by reason of any act
occurring on the Premises, or by reason of an omission with respect to the business or operation
of the McDonald’s Restaurant, Tenant will indemnify and hold Landlord harmless against all
judgments, settlements, penalties, and expenses, including reasonable attorney’s fees, court
costs and other expenses of litigation or administrative proceeding incurred by or imposed on
Landlord in connection with the investigation or defense relating to such claim or litigation or
administrative proceeding. At the election of Landlord, Tenant will also defend Landlord.
Tenant will pay all costs and expenses, including reasonable attorney’s fees, which may be
incurred by Landlord in enforcing any of the covenants and agreements of this Lease. All such
costs, expenses and attorney’s fees will, if paid by Landlord, together with interest, be additional
rent due on the next rent date after such payment or payments.
7.03 Waiver of Claims: Landlord and Landlord’s agents and employees will not be liable
for, and Tenant waives claims for, damage to persons or property sustained by Tenant or any
person claiming through Tenant resulting from any accident or occurrence in or upon the
Premises or the building of which they are a part, including, but not limited to, claims for damage
resulting from: (a) equipment or appurtenances becoming out of repair; (b) Landlord’s failure to
keep the building or the Premises in repair; (c) injury done or occasioned by wind, water or other
natural element; (d) any defect in or failure of plumbing, heating or air conditioning equipment,
electric wiring or installation thereof, gas, water and steam pipes, stairs, porches, railings or walks;
(e) broken glass; (f) the backing up of any sewer pipe or downspout; (g) the bursting, leaking or
running of any tank, tub, washstand, water closet, waste pipe, drain or any other pipe or tank in,
upon or about such building or Premises; (h) the escape of steam or hot water (it being agreed
that all the foregoing are under the control of Tenant); (i) water being upon or coming through the
roof, skylight, trapdoor, stairs, walks or any other place upon or near such building of the Premises
or otherwise; (j) the falling of any fixture, plaster or stucco; (k) interruption of service of any utility.
7.04 Re-entry Upon Default: If (a) Tenant defaults in the payment of any installment of Basic
Rent, Pass Thru Rent or Percentage Rent or any additional sum due in this Lease; (b) Tenant
defaults in any of the covenants, agreements, conditions or undertakings to be performed by
Tenant other than the payment of rent (Basic Rent, Pass Thru Rent, Percentage Rent or additional
charges) and such default continues for ten (10) days after notice in writing to Tenant; (c) Tenant
defaults in any of the terms of the Franchise Agreement or if the Franchise Agreement should
terminate, whether by lapse of time or otherwise; (d) proceedings in bankruptcy or for liquidation,
reorganization or rearrangement of Tenant’s affairs are instituted by or against Tenant; (e) a

10

receiver or trustee is appointed for all or substantially all of Tenant’s business or assets on the
grounds of Tenant’s insolvency; (f) a trustee is appointed for Tenant after a petition has been filed
for Tenant’s reorganization under the Bankruptcy Act of the United States; (g) Tenant makes an
assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or (h) Tenant vacates or abandons the Premises, then
in any of the above events, Landlord, at its election, may declare the term of this Lease ended
and, either with or without process of law, re-enter, expel, remove and put out Tenant and all
persons occupying the Premises under Tenant, using such force as may be necessary in so
doing, and repossess and enjoy the Premises. Such re-entry and repossession will not work a
forfeiture of the rents to be paid or terminate the covenants to be performed by Tenant during the
full term of this Lease.
Upon the expiration of the term of this Lease by reason of any of the events described above,
or in the event of the termination of this Lease or right to possession by summary dispossession
proceedings or under any provision of law now or at any time in force, whether with or without
legal proceedings, Landlord may, at its option, relet the Premises or any part for the account of
Tenant and collect the rents therefor, applying them first to the payment of expenses Landlord
may have in recovering possession of the Premises, including legal expenses and attorney’s fees,
and for putting the Premises into good order or condition or preparing or altering the same for
re-rental, expenses, commissions and charges paid, assumed or incurred by Landlord in reletting
the Premises, and then to the fulfillment of the covenants of Tenant in this Lease. Any such
reletting may be for the remainder of the term of this Lease or for a longer or shorter period. In
any case and whether or not the Premises or any part thereof is relet, Tenant will pay to Landlord
the Basic Rent, Pass Thru Rent, if applicable, Percentage Rent, any additional charges, and all
other charges required to be paid by Tenant up to the time of termination of this Lease, or of
recovery of possession of the Premises by Landlord, as the case may be. Thereafter, Tenant
covenants and agrees, if required by Landlord, to pay to Landlord, until the end of the term of this
Lease, the equivalent of the amount of all the Basic Rent and Pass Thru Rent, if applicable,
reserved in this Lease, Percentage Rent, and all other charges required to be paid by Tenant,
less the net income of reletting, if any. These payments will be due and payable by Tenant to
Landlord on the rent days above specified. In any of the circumstances described above,
Landlord will have the election to recover against Tenant, as damages for loss of the bargain and
not as a penalty, an aggregate sum which, at the time of such termination of this Lease, or of such
recovery of possession of the Premises by Landlord, represents the then present worth of the
excess, if any, of the aggregate of the Basic Rent, Pass Thru Rent, if applicable, Percentage Rent,
and all other charges payable by Tenant in this Lease that would have accrued for the balance of
the term over the aggregate rental value of the Premises for the balance of the term. Percentage
Rent for purposes of this Article shall be deemed to mean the Percentage Rent which Landlord
can show could be generated from the Premises but in no event less than the greatest amount of
Percentage Rent paid by Tenant during any year. Nothing in this Lease contained will limit or
prejudice Landlord’s right to prove and obtain as liquidated damages arising out of such breach
or termination the maximum amount allowed by any statute or rule of law which may govern the
proceeding in which such damages are to be proved.
7.05 Holding Over: Tenant will not hold over beyond the expiration or sooner termination of
the term of this Lease. If Tenant does hold over, it will give rise to a tenancy at the sufferance of
Landlord upon the same conditions as are provided for in this Lease with a monthly rental for the
period of such holding over which is double the Basic Rent, Pass Thru Rent, if applicable, and
Percentage Rent last paid by Tenant during the term of this Lease, and interest thereon, as
liquidated damages, and not as a penalty. Landlord’s acceptance of any rent after holding over
begins does not renew this Lease. This provision does not waive Landlord’s rights of re-entry or

11

any other right in this Lease resulting from Tenant’s breach of the covenant not to hold over or
any other breach in this Lease.
7.06 Remedies Cumulative: The remedies in this Lease granted to Landlord will not be
exclusive or mutually exclusive, and Landlord will have such other remedies against Tenant as
may be permitted in law or in equity at any time. Any exercise of a right of termination by Landlord
will not be construed to eliminate any right of Landlord to damages on account of any default of
Tenant.
7.07 Waiver: No delay or omission of Landlord to exercise any right or power arising from
any default will impair any such right or power or will be construed to be a waiver of any such
default or an acquiescence under this Lease. No waiver of any breach of any of the covenants
of this Lease will be held to be a waiver of any other breach or waiver, acquiescence in or consent
to any further or subsequent breach of the same covenant. The rights in this Lease given to
receive, collect or sue for any rent, monies or payments or to enforce the terms, provisions and
conditions of this Lease, or to prevent the breach or non-observance thereof, or to exercise any
right or remedy in this Lease, will not in any way affect the right or power of Landlord to declare
the term ended and to terminate this Lease because of any default in or breach of any of the
covenants, provisions or conditions of this Lease.
7.08 Accord and Satisfaction: No payment by Tenant or receipt by Landlord of a lesser
amount than the monthly rent in this Lease stipulated will be deemed to be other than on account
of the earliest stipulated rent, nor will any endorsement or statement on any check or any letter
accompanying any check or payment as rent be deemed an accord and satisfaction. Landlord
may accept such check or payment without prejudice to Landlord’s right to recover the balance
of such rent or pursue any other remedy provided for in this Lease.
7.09 Right to Perform for Tenant: If Tenant should fail to perform any of its obligations
under the provisions of this Lease, Landlord, at its option, may (but will not be required to) do the
same or cause the same to be done. In addition to any and all other rights and remedies of
Landlord, the cost incurred by Landlord in connection with such performance by Landlord will be
an additional charge due from Tenant to Landlord, together with interest thereon at the maximum
rate permitted by law in the state in which the Premises are located on the next rent date after
such expenditure or, if there is no maximum rate permitted by law, at fifteen percent (15%) per
annum.
7.10 Condemnation: If the entire Premises are condemned under eminent domain, or
acquired in lieu of condemnation, for any public or quasi-public use or purpose, all rentals and
taxes or other charges will be paid to that date, and Tenant will have the right to make a claim for
the value of its leasehold estate. Tenant will, also, have the right to claim and recover such
compensation as may be separately awarded for any and all damage to Tenant’s business by
reason of the condemnation and for any cost or loss to which Tenant might be put in removing
Tenant’s merchandise, furniture, equipment and other personal property. Tenant specifically
waives and releases any claim it may have, however, for the value of the building, fixtures and
other improvements on the Premises whether or not installed or paid for by Tenant. Tenant further
agrees to subordinate any claim it may have to Landlord’s claim for the value of the improvements.
If only a part of the Premises is taken or condemned and Landlord determines that the
operation of a McDonald’s Restaurant on the Premises is no longer economically feasible or
desirable, Landlord may at any time, either prior to or within a period of sixty (60) days after the
date when possession of the Premises will be required by the condemning authority, elect to

12

terminate this Lease. If Landlord fails to exercise its option to terminate this Lease or will not have
any such option, Landlord will (1) with reasonable promptness, make necessary repairs to and
alterations of the improvements on the Premises for the purpose of restoring it to substantially the
same use as that which was in effect immediately prior to such taking, to the extent that may be
necessary by the condemnation; and (2) be entitled to the entire award for such partial taking. If
Landlord does not elect to terminate this Lease, Tenant’s Basic Rent and Pass Thru Rent, if
applicable, will be reduced by a fraction, the numerator of which will be the total condemnation
award or settlement and the denominator of which will be the fair market value of the Premises,
prior to the taking, as determined by an independent appraiser selected by the Landlord.
7.11 Subordination and Non-Disturbance: This Lease and all of Tenant’s rights, title and
interest under the Lease will be subject, subordinated and inferior to the lien of any and all
mortgages and to the rights of all parties under any sale and leaseback of the Premises and to
any and all terms, conditions, provisions, extensions, renewals or modifications of any such
mortgage or mortgages or sale and leaseback which Landlord or any grantee of Landlord
(collectively hereafter called “Fee Owner”) has or may place upon the Premises and the
improvements thereon, in the same manner and to the same extent as if this Lease had been
executed subsequent to the execution, delivery and recording of such mortgage or of the deed
and lease under the sale and leaseback. This provision is intended to include the right of any
grantee or Landlord under a sale and leaseback to further encumber the property with one or
more mortgages, all of which are declared to be superior to the interest of Tenant in this Lease.
If a mortgagee or any other person acquires title to the Premises pursuant to the exercise of
any remedy provided for in such mortgage, or in the event of the default under the Lease related
to a sale and leaseback of the Premises, Tenant’s right of possession will not be disturbed
provided (a) Tenant is not then in default under this Lease and (b) Tenant attorns to such title
holder. Tenant agrees that upon a mortgage foreclosure it will attorn to any mortgagee or
assignee or any purchaser at the foreclosure sale (collectively called “Purchaser”) as its Landlord
and in the case of a default under the terms of the lease used in a sale and leaseback, it will attorn
to the Fee Owner of the Premises as its new Landlord and, in either event, this Lease will continue
in full force and effect as a direct Lease between Tenant and such party under all of the terms of
this Lease. If there is a foreclosure of a mortgage placed on the property by a grantee under a
sale and leaseback, such attornment will be required only if, at the time of such foreclosure, the
Lease used in the sale and leaseback is also in default.
The subordination of this Lease to any mortgagee of Fee Owner provided for in this Lease or
to any Lease under a sale and leaseback arrangement will be automatic and self-operative, and
no special instrument of subordination will be necessary. Without limiting such automatic and
self-operative subordinations, however, Tenant will, on demand, at any time or times, execute,
acknowledge and deliver to Fee Owner, without expense to Fee Owner, any and all instruments
that may be necessary or proper to evidence the subordination of this Lease and all rights in this
Lease to the lien of any such mortgage, or to any such lease under a sale and leaseback
arrangement. If Tenant fails, at any time, to execute, acknowledge and deliver any such
subordination instrument within five (5) days after receipt of the notice, in addition to any other
remedies available, Landlord may execute, acknowledge and deliver the same as the
attorney-in-fact on Tenant’s behalf; and Tenant hereby irrevocably makes, constitutes and
appoints Landlord, its successors and assigns, such attorney-in-fact for that purpose.

13

ARTICLE 8 MISCELLANEOUS
8.01 No Agency Created: Tenant will have no authority, express or implied, to act as agent
of Landlord or any of its affiliates for any purpose. Tenant is, and will remain, an independent
contractor responsible for all obligations and liabilities of, and for all loss or damage to, the
Premises, including any personal property, equipment, fixtures or real property connected with
them and for all claims or demands based on damage or destruction of property or based on
injury, illness or death of any person or persons, directly or indirectly, resulting from the operation
of the McDonald’s Restaurant located on the Premises.
8.02 Recording of Lease: Tenant will not record this Lease without the written consent of
Landlord. However, upon the request of either party, the other party will join the execution of a
memorandum or a so-called “short-form” of this Lease for the purpose of recordation. The
memorandum or short form of this Lease will describe the parties, the Premises and the term of
this Lease and will incorporate this Lease by reference. The party requesting execution of the
memorandum will bear all costs for recording it.
8.03 Force Majeure: Whenever a period of time is provided in this Lease for either party to
do or perform any act or thing, except the payment of monies, neither party will be liable for any
delays due to strikes, lockouts, casualties, acts of God, war, governmental regulation or control
or other causes beyond the reasonable control of the parties, and in any event the time period for
the performance of an obligation in this Lease will be extended for the amount of time of the delay.
This Article will not apply to, or result in, an extension of the term of this Lease.
8.04 Paragraph Headings: Headings in this Lease are for convenience only and are not to
be construed as part of this Lease and will not be construed as defining or limiting in any way the
scope or intent of the provisions of this Lease.
8.05 Invalidity of a Provision: If any term or provision of this Lease will to any extent be
held invalid or unenforceable, the remaining terms and provisions of this Lease will not be
affected, but each term and provision of this Lease will be valid and be enforced to the fullest
extent permitted by law. If any material term of this Lease is stricken or declared invalid, Landlord
reserves the right to terminate this Lease at its sole option.
8.06 Law Governing: The terms and provisions of this Lease will be governed by the laws
of the State of Illinois.
8.07 Entire Agreement: This Lease and the Franchise Agreement will be deemed to include
the entire agreement between the parties, and it is agreed that neither Landlord nor anyone acting
in its behalf has made any statement, promise or agreement or taken upon itself any engagement
whatever, verbally or in writing, in conflict with the terms of this Lease, or that in any way modifies,
varies, alters, enlarges, or invalidates any of its provisions, or extends the term of this Lease, and
that no obligations of Landlord will be implied in addition to the obligations expressed in this Lease.
This agreement cannot be changed orally but only by an agreement in writing signed by Landlord
and Tenant. Nothing in this Lease or in any related agreement, however, is intended to disclaim
the representations made in the Franchise Disclosure Document furnished to Tenant.
8.08 Parties Bound: The terms of this Lease will extend to and be binding upon the
administrators, executors, heirs, assigns and successors of the parties, subject to the terms of
Article 4.06.

14

8.09 Notices or Demands: All notices to or demands upon Landlord or Tenant given under
any of the provisions of this Lease will be in writing. Any notices or demands from Landlord to
Tenant will be deemed to have been duly and sufficiently given if a copy has been delivered
personally or mailed by United States registered or certified mail in an envelope properly stamped
and addressed to Tenant at the address of the Premises. Any notices or demands from Tenant
to Landlord will be deemed to have been duly and sufficiently given if mailed by registered or
certified mail in an envelope properly stamped and addressed to Landlord at 110 N. Carpenter
Street, Chicago, Illinois 60607, Attention: Director, U.S. Legal Department. Mailed notices shall
be deemed received three (3) business days after being deposited in the U.S. Mail. Either party,
by notice, may change the address to which notice will be sent, but all notices mailed to Tenant
at the address of the restaurant on the Premises will be deemed sufficient.
To indicate their consent to this Operator’s Lease the parties, or their authorized
representatives or officers, have signed this document.
TENANT:

LANDLORD: McDONALD’S USA, LLC
By:
Date Signed:
Location Code:
Prepared by:

15

Addition to Schedule A if there is excess property:
[CITY, STATE]
[Address]
L/C: __________
File #: __________

EXCESS PROPERTY ADDENDUM
1. Landlord and Tenant acknowledge that the Premises includes excess property which will not be
used in the operation of the McDonald’s Restaurant developed on the Premises. The excess
property is included in the legal description described on Schedule A of this Lease.
2. If the Landlord, in its sole discretion, is able to sell or lease the excess property during the term of
this Lease, Tenant agrees to amend this Lease to accomplish the following:
A. The Premises shall be amended to delete the excess property so that it will no longer be leased
to Tenant.
B. The Premises will be made subject and subordinate to easements that may be needed for
access, utilities, drainage, signs or any other necessary use to properly or conveniently develop
the excess property. Landlord agrees that no such easements or reservations shall
unreasonably interfere with the continuing operation of the McDonald’s Restaurant, and all
costs, expenses and liabilities associated with the easements or any other use of the Premises
shall be assumed by the Landlord.
3. Notwithstanding the deletion of the excess property from the Premises, the Tenant’s rent shall
remain as stated in this Lease and shall not be reduced. However, Tenant shall be reimbursed by
Landlord for an amount equal to approximately all of Tenant’s costs for real estate taxes, insurance
and maintenance of the excess property up to an amount not to exceed the Landlord’s gain on any
sale or disposition of the excess property. The gain or loss on the disposition of the excess property
shall be determined by subtracting the net book value of the excess property from the net proceeds
of the Landlord’s sale or other disposition of the excess property. If the excess property is leased
by Landlord, the gain or loss shall be determined by subtracting the net present value of the rental
payments to be received by Landlord from the net present value of all of Landlord’s rental payments
or Landlord’s net book value associated with the excess property.
4. If the excess property is developed in such a manner as to provide for common access, parking,
utilities or other easements that benefit both the Premises and the excess property, Tenant agrees
to pay a pro rata share of the cost of maintaining and repairing such common access, parking,
utilities or other easements as set forth in the written agreements.
5. The effective date of the above-described amendment shall be the date of closing of the sale of the
excess property, if sold, or the date the rent commences, if it is leased.

SCHEDULE A

R3067 LT RBFL

0050 L

SITE :
FILE :
SEQ
:
REGION :

STORE:

RE:

1

INITIAL

PROJECTED
RENT TERMS

COMMENCEMENT DATE
EXPIRATION DATE

MONTHLY
BASIC
RENT

PERCENT
RENT

MONTHLY
BASE
SALES

PASS THRU
RENT #

ADDL PROP
RENT #

COMMENCEMENT OF TERM
REMAINDER OF TERM

# If rental amounts are shown in these columns, these amounts are to be paid monthly.
SCHEDULE B

REACQUISITION/
RENEGOTIATION
RENT #

[CITY, STATE]
[Address]
L/C: __________
File #: __________

LANDLORD’S INTEREST ADDENDUM
(McDonald’s USA, LLC Leased Property)
1. LANDLORD’S INTEREST IN PREMISES: Landlord holds a leasehold interest in the Premises or
a portion of the Premises under the Head Lease described in Article 1.05.
2. COMPLIANCE WITH HEAD LEASE: Tenant acknowledges and agrees that the terms and
conditions of this Lease are subject and subordinate to the terms and conditions of the Head Lease
and any subsequent amendments to it. If there are any inconsistencies between this Lease and the
Head Lease, the more restrictive obligations of the Head Lease will prevail. Tenant will not, in its
use and enjoyment of the Premises, suffer or permit any condition to exist, or do, or omit to do,
anything which would give rise to any right of the landlord under the Head Lease (“Head Landlord”)
to terminate the Head Lease or any rights of Landlord. Tenant will perform, comply with and
discharge all obligations which Landlord is required to comply with and discharge under the Head
Lease, including, but not limited to, payment of all charges, costs and expenses as set forth in
Article 3.01 of this Lease. Such payments shall not, however, include payment of Landlord’s basic
monthly rental obligations under the Head Lease.
3. TENANT’S STATEMENTS AND CERTIFICATES: Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
Tenant agrees to promptly provide to Landlord insurance policies or certificates, off-set statements,
statements of sales, mechanic’s lien waivers, notices, releases and any other statement, record or
document which may be required, from time to time, by the Head Landlord under the terms of the
Head Lease. All certificates or policies of insurance so required will also name the Head Landlord
as co-insured or additional insured, as the case may be.
4. ENFORCEMENT OF LANDLORD’S RIGHTS UNDER HEAD LEASE: It is acknowledged that the
Head Landlord may have certain obligations under the Head Lease to maintain and repair the
Premises and adjoining areas, pay real estate taxes, assessments and special charges and
impositions, restore, replace or rebuild the Premises and adjoining areas in the event of damage by
fire and other causes, carry and pay for certain types of insurance policies and perform other
obligations set forth in the Head Lease. If these obligations exist, Landlord agrees to make a good
faith effort to obtain the timely and faithful performance of Head Landlord’s obligations, but Landlord
will not be in default or breach of any of its covenants and duties under this Lease or be liable for
any resulting loss or claim of Tenant if Landlord is not able to enforce its rights under the Head
Lease. With respect to Landlord’s obligation to repair and restore the Premises in the event of
damage or destruction by fire or any other cause, Landlord’s obligations are conditioned upon
Landlord obtaining the cooperation and approval of the Head Landlord, as it may be required, and
the compliance of Head Landlord with all of Head Landlord’s duties under the Head Lease; and
Landlord will not be liable to Tenant for any damage, claim or injury resulting from Landlord’s inability
to repair or restore the Premises due to a default or breach of the Head Lease by the Head Landlord.
5. INTENT OF THE PARTIES: It is the intent of the parties to enter into a sublease between Landlord
and Tenant and not to make an assignment of the Head Lease. The parties further acknowledge
that it is their intent that there be no merger of either Landlord’s or Tenant’s interest in this Lease
and fee title if either party acquires a fee interest in the Premises at any time after the execution of
this Lease. In such event, this Lease will remain in full force and effect and will determine the rights,
duties and obligations of the parties.

SCHEDULE C

[CITY, STATE]
[Address]
L/C: __________
File #: __________

LANDLORD’S INTEREST ADDENDUM
(McDonald’s Corporation Leased Property)
1. LANDLORD’S INTEREST IN PREMISES: Landlord holds a leasehold interest in the Premises or
a portion of the Premises through an internal lease(s) with McDonald’s Corporation and/or its
affiliated companies (McDonald’s Corporation and/or its affiliated companies are hereafter referred
to as “McDonald’s”) (“McDonald’s Internal Lease Documentation”) as may be amended from time
to time. The McDonald’s Internal Lease Documentation does not increase Tenant’s obligations
under this Lease. The McDonald’s Internal Lease Documentation requires Landlord to meet all of
the obligations of the tenant under the Head Lease described in Article 1.05.
2. COMPLIANCE WITH HEAD LEASE: Tenant acknowledges and agrees that the terms and
conditions of this Lease are subject and subordinate to the terms and conditions of the Head Lease
and any subsequent amendments to it. If there are any inconsistencies between this Lease,
McDonald’s Internal Lease Documentation and the Head Lease, the more restrictive obligations of
the Head Lease will prevail. Tenant will not, in its use and enjoyment of the Premises, suffer or
permit any condition to exist, or do, or omit to do, anything which would give rise to any right of the
landlord under the Head Lease (“Head Landlord”) to terminate the Head Lease or any rights of
Landlord and/or McDonald’s. Tenant will perform, comply with and discharge all obligations which
Landlord is required to comply with and discharge under the Head Lease, including, but not limited
to, payment of all charges, costs and expenses as set forth in Article 3.01 of this Lease. Such
payments shall not, however, include payment of the basic monthly rental obligations under the
Head Lease.
3. TENANT’S STATEMENTS AND CERTIFICATES: Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
Tenant agrees to promptly provide to Landlord, insurance policies or certificates, off-set statements,
statements of sales, mechanic’s lien waivers, notices, releases and any other statement, record or
document which may be required, from time to time, by the Landlord or the Head Landlord under
the terms of the Head Lease. All certificates or policies of insurance so required will, in addition to
Landlord, also name the Head Landlord and McDonald’s as co-insureds or additional insureds, as
the case may be.
4. ENFORCEMENT OF LANDLORD’S RIGHTS UNDER HEAD LEASE: It is acknowledged that the
Head Landlord may have certain obligations under the Head Lease to maintain and repair the
Premises and adjoining areas, pay real estate taxes, assessments and special charges and
impositions, restore, replace or rebuild the Premises and adjoining areas in the event of damage by
fire and other causes, carry and pay for certain types of insurance policies and perform other
obligations set forth in the Head Lease. If these obligations exist, Landlord agrees to make a good
faith effort to obtain the timely and faithful performance of Head Landlord’s obligations, but Landlord
will not be in default or breach of any of its covenants and duties under this Lease or be liable for
any resulting loss or claim of Tenant if Landlord is not able to enforce the rights of tenant under the
Head Lease. With respect to Landlord’s obligation to repair and restore the Premises in the event
of damage or destruction by fire or any other cause, Landlord’s obligations are conditioned upon
Landlord obtaining the cooperation and approval of the Head Landlord, as it may be required, and
the compliance of Head Landlord with all of Head Landlord’s duties under the Head Lease; and
neither Landlord nor McDonald’s will be liable to Tenant for any damage, claim or injury resulting
from Landlord’s inability to repair or restore the Premises due to a default or breach of the Head
Lease by the Head Landlord.

5. INTENT OF THE PARTIES: It is the intent of the parties to enter into a subleasing agreement
between Landlord and Tenant and not to make an assignment of the Head Lease or McDonald’s
Internal Lease Documentation. The parties further acknowledge that it is their intent that there be
no merger of either Landlord’s or Tenant’s interest in this Lease and fee title if either party acquires
a fee interest in the Premises at any time after the execution of this Lease. In such event, this Lease
will remain in full force and effect and will determine the rights, duties and obligations of the parties.

SCHEDULE C

[CITY, STATE]
[Address]
L/C: __________
File #: __________

LANDLORD’S INTEREST ADDENDUM
(McDonald’s Corporation or McRec Fee Owned Property)
1. LANDLORD’S INTEREST IN PREMISES: Landlord holds a leasehold interest in the Premises or
a portion of the Premises through an internal lease(s) with McDonald’s Corporation and/or its
affiliated companies (McDonald’s Corporation and/or its affiliated companies are hereafter referred
to as “McDonald’s”) (“McDonald’s Internal Lease Documentation”) as may be amended from time
to time. The McDonald’s Internal Lease Documentation between McDonald’s and Landlord does
not increase Tenant’s obligations under this Lease. Tenant acknowledges and agrees that under
the terms of this Lease, Tenant will perform, comply with and discharge any and all obligations
related to the Premises and its use, including, but not limited to, the payment of all charges, costs
and expenses as set forth in Article 3.01 of this Lease.
2. TENANT’S INSURANCE POLICIES AND CERTIFICATES: All certificates and policies of
insurance so required under this Lease will, in addition to Landlord, name McDonald’s as an
additional insured.
3. INTENT OF THE PARTIES: It is the intent of the parties to enter into a subleasing agreement
between Landlord and Tenant and not to make an assignment of the McDonald’s Internal Lease
Documentation. The parties further acknowledge that it is their intent that there be no merger of
either Landlord’s or Tenant’s interest in this Lease and fee title if either party acquires a fee interest
in the Premises at any time after the execution of this Lease. In such event, this Lease will remain
in full force and effect and will determine the rights, duties and obligations of the parties.

SCHEDULE C

[CITY, STATE]
[Address]
L/C: __________
File #: __________

LANDLORD’S INTEREST ADDENDUM – OIL
(Oil Partner as Head Landlord and McDonald’s USA, LLC is tenant
under a Ground Lease and Operating Agreement with an oil partner)
1. LANDLORD’S INTEREST IN PREMISES: Landlord holds a leasehold interest in the Premises or
a portion of the Premises under the Head Lease described in Article 1.05. The Head Lease provides
for the joint operation of a fuel facility, McDonald’s Restaurant and convenience store, and if
provided for in the Head Lease, the operation of a car wash, at the property as defined in the Head
Lease.
2. COMPLIANCE WITH HEAD LEASE: Tenant acknowledges and agrees that the terms and
conditions of this Lease are subject and subordinate to the terms and conditions of the Head Lease
and any subsequent amendments to it. If there are any inconsistencies between this Lease and the
Head Lease, the more restrictive obligations of the Head Lease will prevail. Tenant will not, in its
use and enjoyment of the Premises, suffer or permit any condition to exist, or do, or omit to do,
anything which would give rise to any right of the landlord under the Head Lease (“Head Landlord”)
to terminate the Head Lease or any rights of Landlord. Tenant will perform, comply with and
discharge all obligations which Landlord is required to comply with and discharge under the Head
Lease, including but not limited to, payment of all charges, costs and expenses set forth in
Article 3.01 of this Lease. Such payments shall not, however, include payment of Landlord’s
monthly basic rental obligations under the Head Lease.
3. TENANT’S STATEMENTS AND CERTIFICATES: Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
Tenant agrees to promptly provide to Landlord insurance policies or certificates, off-set statements,
statements of sales, mechanic’s lien waivers, notices, releases and any other statement, record or
document which may be required, from time to time, by the Head Landlord under the terms of the
Head Lease. All certificates or policies of insurance so required will also name the Head Landlord
as co-insured or additional insured, as the case may be.
4. ENFORCEMENT OF LANDLORD’S RIGHTS UNDER HEAD LEASE: It is acknowledged that the
Head Landlord may have certain obligations under the Head Lease to maintain and repair the
Premises and adjoining areas, pay real estate taxes, assessments and special charges and
impositions, restore, replace or rebuild the Premises and adjoining areas in the event of damage by
fire and other causes, carry and pay for certain types of insurance policies and perform other
obligations set forth in the Head Lease. If these obligations exist, Landlord agrees to make a good
faith effort to obtain the timely and faithful performance of Head Landlord’s obligations, but Landlord
will not be in default or breach of any of its covenants and duties under this Lease or be liable for
any resulting loss or claim of Tenant if Landlord is not able to enforce its rights under the Head
Lease. With respect to Landlord’s obligation to repair and restore the Premises in the event of
damage or destruction by fire or any other cause, Landlord’s obligations are conditioned upon
Landlord obtaining the cooperation and approval of the Head Landlord, as it may be required, and
the compliance of Head Landlord with all of Head Landlord’s duties under the Head Lease; and
Landlord will not be liable to Tenant for any damage, claim or injury resulting from Landlord’s inability
to repair or restore the Premises due to a default or breach of the Head Lease by the Head Landlord.

1

5. INTENT OF THE PARTIES: It is the intent of the parties to enter into a subleasing agreement
between Landlord and Tenant and not to make an assignment of the Head Lease. The parties
further acknowledge that it is their intent that there be no merger of either Landlord’s or Tenant’s
interest in this Lease and fee title if either party acquires a fee interest in the Premises at any time
after the execution of this Lease. In such event, this Lease will remain in full force and effect and
will determine the rights, duties and obligations of the parties.

2

[CITY, STATE]
[Address]
L/C: __________
File #: __________

LANDLORD’S INTEREST ADDENDUM – OIL
(Oil Partner as Head Landlord and McDonald’s Corporation is tenant
under a Ground Lease and Operating Agreement with an oil partner)
1. LANDLORD’S INTEREST IN PREMISES: Landlord holds a leasehold interest in the Premises or
a portion of the Premises through an internal lease(s) with McDonald’s Corporation and/or its
affiliated companies (McDonald’s Corporation and/or its affiliated companies are hereafter referred
to as “McDonald’s”) (“McDonald’s Internal Lease Documentation”) as may be amended from time
to time. The McDonald’s Internal Lease Documentation does not increase Tenant’s obligations
under this Lease. The McDonald’s Internal Lease Documentation requires Landlord to meet all of
the obligations of the tenant under the Head Lease described in Article 1.05. The Head Lease
provides for the joint operation of a fuel facility, McDonald’s Restaurant and convenience store, and
if provided for in the Head Lease, the operation of a car wash, at the property as defined in the Head
Lease.
2. COMPLIANCE WITH HEAD LEASE: Tenant acknowledges and agrees that the terms and
conditions of this Lease are subject and subordinate to the terms and conditions of the Head Lease
and any subsequent amendments to it. If there are any inconsistencies between this Lease,
McDonald’s Internal Lease Documentation and the Head Lease, the more restrictive obligations of
the Head Lease will prevail. Tenant will not, in its use and enjoyment of the Premises, suffer or
permit any condition to exist, or do, or omit to do, anything which would give rise to any right of the
landlord under the Head Lease (“Head Landlord”) to terminate the Head Lease or any rights of
Landlord and/or McDonald’s. Tenant will perform, comply with and discharge all obligations which
Landlord is required to comply with and discharge under the Head Lease, including but not limited
to, payment of all charges, costs and expenses set forth in Article 3.01 of this Lease. Such
payments shall not, however, include payment of Landlord’s monthly basic rental obligations under
the Head Lease.
3. TENANT’S STATEMENTS AND CERTIFICATES: Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
Tenant agrees to promptly provide to Landlord insurance policies or certificates, off-set statements,
statements of sales, mechanic’s lien waivers, notices, releases and any other statement, record or
document which may be required, from time to time, by the Landlord or the Head Landlord under
the terms of the Head Lease. All certificates or policies of insurance so required will, in addition to
Landlord, also name the Head Landlord and McDonald’s as co-insureds or additional insureds, as
the case may be.
4. ENFORCEMENT OF LANDLORD’S RIGHTS UNDER HEAD LEASE: It is acknowledged that the
Head Landlord may have certain obligations under the Head Lease to maintain and repair the
Premises and adjoining areas, pay real estate taxes, assessments and special charges and
impositions, restore, replace or rebuild the Premises and adjoining areas in the event of damage by
fire and other causes, carry and pay for certain types of insurance policies and perform other
obligations set forth in the Head Lease. If these obligations exist, Landlord agrees to make a good
faith effort to obtain the timely and faithful performance of Head Landlord’s obligations, but Landlord
will not be in default or breach of any of its covenants and duties under this Lease or be liable for
any resulting loss or claim of Tenant if Landlord is not able to enforce its rights under the Head
Lease. With respect to Landlord’s obligation to repair and restore the Premises in the event of
damage or destruction by fire or any other cause, Landlord’s obligations are conditioned upon
Landlord obtaining the cooperation and approval of the Head Landlord, as it may be required, and
the compliance of Head Landlord with all of Head Landlord’s duties under the Head Lease; and

1

neither Landlord nor McDonald’s will be liable to Tenant for any damage, claim or injury resulting
from Landlord’s inability to repair or restore the Premises due to a default or breach of the Head
Lease by the Head Landlord.
5. INTENT OF THE PARTIES: It is the intent of the parties to enter into a subleasing agreement
between Landlord and Tenant and not to make an assignment of the Head Lease or McDonald’s
Internal Lease Documentation. The parties further acknowledge that it is their intent that there be
no merger of either Landlord’s or Tenant’s interest in this Lease and fee title if either party acquires
a fee interest in the Premises at any time after the execution of this Lease. In such event, this Lease
will remain in full force and effect and will determine the rights, duties and obligations of the parties.

2

[CITY, STATE]
[Address]
L/C: __________
File #: __________

CO-BRANDED DEVELOPMENT ADDENDUM
(McDonald’s entity is landlord under a Ground Lease and Operating Agreement with an oil partner)
1. GROUND LEASE AND OPERATING AGREEMENT: Tenant acknowledges that Landlord or
McDonald’s Corporation or an affiliated company of McDonald’s Corporation has entered into a
Ground Lease and Operating Agreement (“Agreement”) with that oil partner set forth in the
Agreement. The Agreement provides for the joint operation of a fuel facility, McDonald’s Restaurant
and convenience store, and if provided for in the Agreement, the operation of a car wash, at the
property as defined in the Agreement.
2. COMPLIANCE WITH THE AGREEMENT: Tenant acknowledges receipt of a copy of the
Agreement, will abide by its terms and agrees that Tenant is obligated to perform any and all
obligations of Landlord set forth in the Agreement. Tenant further agrees that these obligations are
in addition to any obligations that Tenant may have under the terms of this Lease or Franchise
Agreement with Landlord. If there are any inconsistencies between the Agreement and this Lease
or Franchise Agreement, the more restrictive obligations of the Agreement will prevail. If there are
any inconsistencies between the Agreement and the Head Lease, if any, as described in
Article 1.05, the more restrictive obligations of the Head Lease will prevail.

[CITY, STATE]
[Address]
L/C: __________
File #: __________

McDONALD’S INTEREST ADDENDUM
(McDonald’s USA, LLC holds interest in Master Agreement – interest is not a leasehold)
THIS McDONALD’S INTEREST ADDENDUM is attached to and made a part of the Operator’s Lease
(“Agreement”) between McDONALD’S USA, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“McDonald’s”)
and __________________________ (hereafter, for purposes of this Addendum, called “Grantee”).
1. McDONALD’S INTEREST IN PREMISES: McDonald’s has obtained the right to use the Premises
pursuant to the _______________________________________ described in Article 1.05 (“Master
Agreement”).
2. COMPLIANCE WITH THE MASTER AGREEMENT: Grantee acknowledges and agrees that the
terms and conditions of this Agreement are subject and subordinate to the terms and conditions of
the Master Agreement and any subsequent amendments to it. If there are any inconsistencies
between this Agreement and the Master Agreement, the more restrictive obligations of the Master
Agreement will prevail. Grantee will not, in its use and enjoyment of the Premises, suffer or permit
any condition to exist, or do, or omit to do, anything which would give rise to any right of the grantor
of McDonald’s interest under the Master Agreement (“Master Grantor”) to terminate the Master
Agreement or to prejudice or limit any rights of McDonald’s under the Master Agreement. Grantee
will perform, comply with and discharge all obligations which McDonald’s is required to perform,
comply with and discharge pursuant to the Master Agreement including, but not limited to, the
payment of all charges, costs and expenses as set forth in Article 3.01 of this Agreement. Such
payments shall not, however, include payment of McDonald’s basic monthly fee obligation for its
interest under the Master Agreement.
3. GRANTEE’S STATEMENTS AND CERTIFICATES: Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, Grantee agrees to promptly provide the insurance policies or certificates, off-set
statements, statements of sales, mechanic’s lien waivers, notices, releases and any other
statement, record or document which may be required from time to time by McDonald’s under the
terms of the Master Agreement. All certificates or policies of insurance so required will name the
Master Grantor as co-insured or additional insured, as the case may be.
4. ENFORCEMENT OF McDONALD’S RIGHTS UNDER MASTER AGREEMENT:
It is
acknowledged that the Master Grantor may have certain obligations under the Master Agreement
to maintain and repair the Premises and adjoining areas, pay real estate taxes, assessments and
special charges and impositions, restore, replace or rebuild the Premises and adjoining areas in the
event of damage by fire and other causes, carry and pay for certain types of insurance policies and
perform other obligations set forth in the Master Agreement. If these obligations exist, McDonald’s
agrees to make a good faith effort to obtain the timely and faithful performance of the Master
Grantor’s obligations, but McDonald’s will not be in default or breach of any of its covenants and
duties under this Agreement or be liable for any resulting loss or claim of Grantee if McDonald’s is
not able to enforce its rights under the Master Agreement. With respect to McDonald’s obligation,
if any, to repair and restore the Premises in the event of damage or destruction by fire or any other
cause, McDonald’s obligations are conditioned upon McDonald’s obtaining the cooperation and
approval of the Master Grantor, as it may be required, and the compliance of the Master Grantor
with all of the Master Grantor’s duties under the Master Agreement; and McDonald’s will not be
liable to Grantee for any damage, claim or injury resulting from McDonald’s inability to repair or
restore the Premises due to a default or breach of the Master Agreement by the Master Grantor.

1

5. INTENT OF THE PARTIES: It is the intent of the parties to enter into a sub-agreement between
McDonald’s and Grantee and not to make an assignment of the Master Agreement. The parties
further acknowledge that it is their intent that there be no merger of either McDonald’s or Grantee’s
interest in this Agreement and the fee interest if either party acquires the fee interest in the Premises
at any time after the execution of this Agreement. In such event, this Agreement will remain in full
force and effect and will determine the rights, duties, and obligations of the parties. In addition,
notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, if McDonald’s does not hold
a leasehold interest in the Premises, this Agreement shall not be deemed a sublease but a
sub-conveyance allowed by McDonald’s rights under the Master Agreement. It is further agreed
that the designation of this document as an “Operator’s Lease” is merely for convenience and does
not purport to transfer greater rights to Grantee than those held by McDonald’s pursuant to the
Master Agreement.

2

[CITY, STATE]
[Address]
L/C: __________
File #: __________

McDONALD’S INTEREST ADDENDUM
(McDonald’s Corporation holds interest in Master Agreement – interest is not a leasehold)
THIS McDONALD’S INTEREST ADDENDUM is attached to and made a part of the Operator’s Lease
(“Agreement”) between McDONALD’S USA, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“McDonald’s
USA”) and ______________________________ (hereafter, for purposes of this Addendum, called
“Grantee”).
1. McDONALD’S USA’S INTEREST IN PREMISES: McDonald’s USA has obtained the right to use
the Premises through an internal agreement(s) with McDonald’s Corporation and/or its affiliated
companies (McDonald’s Corporation and/or its affiliated companies are hereafter referred to as
“McDonald’s”) (“McDonald’s Internal Agreement Documentation”) as may be amended from time to
time. The McDonald’s Internal Agreement Documentation does not increase Grantee’s obligations
under this Agreement. The McDonald’s Internal Agreement Documentation requires McDonald’s
USA to meet all of the obligations of McDonald’s under the Master Agreement described in
Article 1.05.
2. COMPLIANCE WITH THE MASTER AGREEMENT: Grantee acknowledges and agrees that the
terms and conditions of this Agreement are subject and subordinate to the terms and conditions of
the Master Agreement and any subsequent amendments to it. If there are any inconsistencies
between this Agreement, McDonald’s Internal Agreement Documentation and the Master
Agreement, the more restrictive obligations of the Master Agreement will prevail. Grantee will not,
in its use and enjoyment of the Premises, suffer or permit any condition to exist, or do, or omit to
do, anything which would give rise to any right of the grantor of McDonald’s interest under the Master
Agreement (“Master Grantor”) to terminate the Master Agreement or to prejudice or limit any rights
of McDonald’s under the Master Agreement. Grantee will perform, comply with and discharge all
obligations which McDonald’s is required to perform, comply with and discharge pursuant to the
Master Agreement including, but not limited to, the payment of all charges, costs and expenses as
set forth in Article 3.01 of this Agreement. Such payments shall not, however, include payment of
McDonald’s basic monthly fee obligation for its interest under the Master Agreement.
3. GRANTEE’S STATEMENTS AND CERTIFICATES: Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, Grantee agrees to promptly provide the insurance policies or certificates, off-set
statements, statements of sales, mechanic’s lien waivers, notices, releases and any other
statement, record or document which may be required from time to time by McDonald’s USA,
McDonald’s or the Master Grantor under the terms of the Master Agreement. All certificates or
policies of insurance so required will, in addition to McDonald’s USA, also name the Master Grantor
and McDonald’s as co-insureds or additional insureds, as the case may be.
4. ENFORCEMENT OF McDONALD’S RIGHTS UNDER MASTER AGREEMENT:
It is
acknowledged that the Master Grantor may have certain obligations under the Master Agreement
to maintain and repair the Premises and adjoining areas, pay real estate taxes, assessments and
special charges and impositions, restore, replace or rebuild the Premises and adjoining areas in the
event of damage by fire and other causes, carry and pay for certain types of insurance policies and
perform other obligations set forth in the Master Agreement. If these obligations exist, McDonald’s
USA agrees to make a good faith effort to obtain the timely and faithful performance of the Master
Grantor’s obligations, but McDonald’s USA will not be in default or breach of any of its covenants
and duties under this Agreement or be liable for any resulting loss or claim of Grantee if McDonald’s
USA is not able to enforce its rights under the Master Agreement. With respect to McDonald’s

1

USA’s obligation, if any, to repair and restore the Premises in the event of damage or destruction
by fire or any other cause, McDonald’s USA’s obligations are conditioned upon McDonald’s USA’s
obtaining the cooperation and approval of the Master Grantor, as it may be required, and the
compliance of the Master Grantor with all of the Master Grantor’s duties under the Master
Agreement; and neither McDonald’s USA nor McDonald’s will be liable to Grantee for any damage,
claim or injury resulting from McDonald’s USA’s inability to repair or restore the Premises due to a
default or breach of the Master Agreement by the Master Grantor.
5. INTENT OF THE PARTIES: It is the intent of the parties to enter into a sub-agreement between
McDonald’s USA and Grantee and not to make an assignment of the Master Agreement. The
parties further acknowledge that it is their intent that there be no merger of either McDonald’s USA’s
or Grantee’s interest in this Agreement and the fee interest if either party acquires the fee interest
in the Premises at any time after the execution of this Agreement. In such event, this Agreement
will remain in full force and effect and will determine the rights, duties, and obligations of the parties.
In addition, notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, if McDonald’s
USA does not hold a leasehold interest in the Premises, this Agreement shall not be deemed a
sublease but a sub-conveyance allowed by McDonald’s rights under the Master Agreement. It is
further agreed that the designation of this document as an “Operator’s Lease” is merely for
convenience and does not purport to transfer greater rights to Grantee than those held by
McDonald’s pursuant to the Master Agreement.

2

OPERATOR EXTENSION OF TERM LANGUAGE
If Landlord extends its leasehold interest or acquires the fee interest in the Premises so that the
Landlord’s tenure extends beyond ____________________, the term of this Lease shall be
automatically modified for a term consistent with the Landlord’s real estate interest in the Premises, but
in no event beyond ____________________. This Lease shall also be amended to reflect any new
terms and conditions in the new or extended Lease or in the acquisition documents executed by
Landlord and its landlord or seller. The Basic Rent and Percentage Rent may be increased to reflect
Landlord’s total real estate acquisition and development costs for the Premises by applying Landlord’s
then current rental formula using the Percentage Rent then in effect for similar McDonald’s Restaurants.

EARLY TERMINATION DUE TO NO ADDITIONAL REAL ESTATE TENURE
Tenant acknowledges that Landlord is in negotiations with the party that controls the real estate
interest in the Premises (“Head Landlord”) to obtain additional real estate tenure for the Premises (as
defined below). As of the date of this Lease, Landlord does not have real estate tenure at the Premises,
but the Head Landlord has agreed to allow Landlord to occupy the Premises while negotiations
continue. The Head Landlord may revoke its agreement at any time; therefore, Landlord and Tenant
agree that, notwithstanding the term in this Article, Landlord may terminate this Lease upon the
following: (i) negotiations with the Head Landlord cease or (ii) the Head Landlord requires Landlord to
vacate the Premises. In either case, this Lease will terminate when McDonald’s right to occupy the
Premises terminates.

EXHIBIT H
ASSIGNMENT TO AN ENTITY
ASSIGNMENT AND CONSENT TO ASSIGNMENT
OF FRANCHISE TO A [CORPORATION/PARTNERSHIP/LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY]
This Assignment and Consent to Assignment of Franchise to a [Corporation/Partnership/Limited
Liability Company], dated ____________________ (“Assignment”), is between McDonald’s USA,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“McDonald’s”); _________________________ and
_________________________ (collectively “Assignor”); and [Corporation/Partnership/LLC Name], a
____________________ [corporation/partnership/limited liability company] (“Assignee”)
Background
A.
McDonald’s or its predecessor in interest issued to Assignor or its predecessor(s) in
interest a Franchise Agreement and an Operator’s Lease, both dated ____________________
(collectively “Franchise”), for the McDonald’s restaurant located at
________________________________________ [L/C: __________] (“Restaurant”).
B.

Assignor requests McDonald’s consent to transfer the rights in the Franchise to Assignee.

C.
Assignor and Assignee acknowledge that McDonald’s consent to this Assignment is
required under the terms of the Franchise.
Agreement
The parties, intending to be legally bound and for good and valuable consideration, agree as
follows:
1.

The effective date of this Assignment is ____________________ (“Effective Date”).

2.
McDonald’s consents to this Assignment subject to the provisions of the Franchise and
this Assignment.
3.
On the Effective Date, Assignor assigns and transfers all the right, title, and interest of
Assignor in the Franchise to Assignee, subject to the provisions of the Franchise.
4.

Assignee must pay all fees and royalties, and perform all obligations under the Franchise.

5.
Assignor agrees to remain personally bound by, and personally liable for the breach of,
each and every provision of the Franchise, both monetary obligations and obligations to take or refrain
from taking specific actions or to engage or refrain from engaging in specific activities, and is not
released from any obligations to McDonald’s by this Assignment. After the date of this Assignment, all
references to Franchisee in the Franchise shall refer to both Assignor and Assignee both jointly and
severally.

1

[Alternate paragraph to be used for Assignment to Corporation.]
6.
Without the prior written consent of McDonald’s, Assignor nor Assignee may not, either
voluntarily or by operation of law, make or permit:
a)
b)
c)
d)
e)

any further transfer or assignment of the Franchise;
any pledge or encumbrance of the Franchise;
any assignment, transfer, or pledge of any equity interest in Assignee including,
but not limited to, transfers in any entity that is a Shareholder;
the creation of new or additional equity interests in Assignee; or
any amendment of the terms of any organizational documents relating to
Assignee.

Equity interests, as used in this Assignment, include direct or indirect equity or beneficial
interests in Assignee and the business risks associated with the Restaurant including, but not limited to,
interests stated as debt that include any type of risk-taking interest or any interest in the profits or
appreciation of the Restaurant.
[Alternate paragraph to be used for Assignment to Partnership.]
6.
Without the prior written consent of McDonald’s, Assignor, Assignee, and Partners may
not, either voluntarily or by operation of law, make or permit:
a)
b)
c)
d)
e)
f)

any further transfer or assignment of the Franchise;
any pledge or encumbrance of the Franchise;
any assignment, transfer, or pledge of any equity interest in Assignee including,
but not limited to, transfers in any entity that is a Partner;
the creation of new or additional equity interests in Assignee;
the change of a limited partnership interest to a general partnership interest or of
a general partnership interest to a limited partnership interest; or
any amendment of the terms of any partnership agreement or other organizational
documents relating to Assignee.

Equity interests, as used in this Assignment, include direct or indirect equity or beneficial
interests in Assignee and the business risks associated with the Restaurant including, but not limited to,
interests stated as debt that include any type of risk-taking interest or any interest in the profits or
appreciation of the Restaurant.
[Alternate paragraph to be used for Assignment to Limited Liability Company.]
6.
Without the prior written consent of McDonald’s, Assignor, Assignee, and Members may
not, either voluntarily or by operation of law, make or permit:
a)
b)
c)
d)
e)

any further transfer or assignment of the Franchise;
any pledge or encumbrance of the Franchise;
any assignment, transfer, or pledge of any equity interest in Assignee including,
but not limited to, transfers in any entity that is a Member;
the creation of new or additional equity interests in Assignee; or
any amendment of the terms of any operating agreement or other organizational
documents relating to Assignee.

Equity interests, as used in this Assignment, include direct or indirect equity or beneficial
interests in Assignee and the business risks associated with the Restaurant including, but not limited to,

2

interests stated as debt that include any type of risk-taking interest or any interest in the profits or
appreciation of the Restaurant.
7.

Assignor and Assignee represent and warrant that:
a)
b)

8.

the attached Exhibit A reflects any and all persons or entities with equity interests
in Assignee and their ownership interests are as shown on Exhibit A; and
there is no obligation or intention to issue additional equity interests in Assignee.

If any [Shareholders/Partners/Members] of Assignee are trustees or trusts:
a)

b)
c)

d)

the beneficial interests in the trusts may not be assigned, transfers to successor
trustees or special trustees may not be made even if the transfer is provided for in
any trust agreement, and the trust agreement may not be amended without the
prior written consent of McDonald’s;
Exhibit A lists all persons who are trustees of any nature or have beneficial
interests in any [Shareholder’s/Partner’s/Member’s] trust(s);
this Assignment is not a consent to any future transfers of equity interest(s) of
Assignee to any [Shareholder’s/Partner’s/Member’s] trust beneficiaries based on
any condition including, but not limited to, attainment of a certain age or
occurrence of any event. All future transfers or vesting of equity interest(s) of
Assignee are subject to this Assignment; and
McDonald’s has not reviewed any trust documents of any
[Shareholder’s/Partner’s/Member’s] trust; therefore, this Assignment does not
constitute an approval by McDonald’s of any documents relating to any
[Shareholder’s/Partner’s/Member’s] trust. If any of those documents conflict
with or contradict the provisions of this Assignment or McDonald’s ownership
policies, McDonald’s will not be bound by those documents and the provisions
of this Assignment will control.

9.
McDonald’s has not reviewed any of Assignee’s organizational documents; therefore,
this Assignment does not constitute an approval by McDonald’s of any documents relating to Assignee.
If any of those documents conflict with or contradict the provisions of this Assignment or McDonald’s
ownership policies, McDonald’s will not be bound by those documents and the provisions of this
Assignment will control.
10.
Assignor and Assignee acknowledge that: (i) McDonald’s has not provided any tax or
other advice in connection with this Assignment; (ii) McDonald’s approval of this Assignment does not
constitute tax advice; and (iii) McDonald’s has not reviewed or evaluated the validity of Assignee or of
any trusts or entities with an equity interest in Assignee.
[Additional paragraph to be used for Assignment to Corporation.]
11.
a)
Assignor or Assignee must include the following legend on all issued and
outstanding shares of stock of Assignee:
This stock may not be pledged, sold, assigned or otherwise transferred, in whole
or in part, voluntarily or by operation of law, without the prior written consent of
McDonald’s USA, LLC. Any and all transfers are also subject to the terms of the
Franchise, including the Franchise Agreement and Operator’s Lease, or other
applicable agreements, for each McDonald’s restaurant operated by
______________________________.

3

b)

If McDonald’s requests, Assignor or Assignee must send to McDonald’s a copy
of all outstanding certificates of stock of Assignee.

12.
No [Shareholders/Partners/Members] are granted approved owner/operator status by this
Assignment. Assignee must abide by those provisions of the Franchise relating to the maintenance and
protection of the McDonald’s System (as defined in the Franchise) including, but not limited to, those
provisions requiring confidentiality and regulating involvement in other or similar restaurant businesses.
A breach of this covenant is a material breach of the Franchise and entitles McDonald’s to enforce all
remedies available including, but not limited to, the termination of the Franchise.
13.
The parties’ respective successors, assigns, heirs, and personal representatives are bound
by this Assignment. All obligations, agreements, representations, and warranties made by more than one
party will be joint and several even if it is not so stated in the relevant paragraph.
14.
At any time during normal business hours, McDonald’s may examine and copy any of
Assignor’s, Assignee’s, or any [Shareholder’s/Partner’s/Member’s] records, books, financial records, tax
returns, or other documents for the purpose of insuring compliance with the Franchise and this
Assignment.
15.
If Assignor or Assignee breaches any of the conditions, representations, agreements, or
warranties contained in this Assignment, McDonald’s will be entitled to all relief and remedies available
by law, and to all relief and remedies granted to McDonald’s by the Franchise.
16.

Assignor has notified all of Assignor’s lien holders and lenders of this Assignment.

17.
The signatories below are duly authorized to execute this Assignment and to bind the
parties as set forth herein.
18.
All terms and conditions of the Franchise remain in full force and effect except as
modified by this Assignment including, but not limited to, the terms and conditions of Paragraph 15(a) of
the Franchise Agreement in the event of the death or permanent incapacity of Assignor.
_________________________ must continue to personally devote full time and best efforts to the
operation of the Restaurant business.
19.
If Assignee’s name or the name of any trust or entity with an equity interest in Assignee
(collectively “Assignee’s Name”) contains “Mc”, “Mac”, a derivative of “Mc” or “Mac”, or any other
McDonald’s trademark, then Assignor, Assignee, and [Shareholders/Partners/Members] covenant and
agree (i) that if: (a) Assignee ceases to be a McDonald’s franchisee; or (b) Assignee or
[Shareholders/Partners/Members] are notified by McDonald’s that McDonald’s desires to use Assignee’s
Name as a trade name, trademark, or internet domain name on a nationwide basis but is prohibited by any
government authority or entity authorized to assign or register trade names, trademarks, or internet
domain names from using or registering that trade name, trademark, or internet domain name because it is
similar to Assignee’s Name, then they will cause Assignee’s Name to be changed, within 30 days of any
of the above occurrences, to delete any reference to “Mc”, “Mac”, a derivative of “Mc” or “Mac”, or any
other McDonald’s trademark, without further consideration from McDonald’s; (ii) that they will not
challenge McDonald’s use of any trade name, trademark, or internet domain name on the grounds that it:
(a) is similar to Assignee’s Name; (b) is likely to cause confusion; or (c) dilutes the value of the trade
name; and (iii) that Assignee’s Name shall not be used in connection with any trade or business
conducted by Assignor, Assignee, or [Shareholders/Partners/Members] except the McDonald’s restaurant
business.

4

The parties have signed this Assignment evidencing that they have read, understand, and are
bound by the terms of this Assignment.
McDonald’s USA, LLC

Assignor

By:

Assignee:
By:

5

EXHIBIT A
Listing of Equity Interests of Franchise
Percentage
Ownership

Name

6

EXHIBIT I
ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT
ASSIGNMENT AND CONSENT TO ASSIGNMENT
OF FRANCHISE TO AN INDIVIDUAL PURCHASER
This Assignment and Consent to Assignment of Franchise to an Individual Purchaser, dated
____________________ (“Assignment”), is between McDonald’s USA, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company (“McDonald’s”); _________________________ and _________________________
(collectively “Assignor”); and _________________________ and _________________________
(collectively “Assignee”).
Background
A.
McDonald’s or its predecessor in interest issued to Assignor or its predecessor(s) in
interest a Franchise Agreement and an Operator’s Lease, both dated ____________________, including
any amendments (collectively “Franchise”), for the McDonald’s restaurant located at
________________________________________ [L/C: __________] (“Restaurant”).
B.
Assignor requests McDonald’s consent to transfer the rights in the Franchise to Assignee
under the terms of the Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated ____________________, between Assignor
and Assignee, including all amendments (“Agreement”).
C.
Assignor and Assignee acknowledge that McDonald’s consent to this Assignment is
required under the terms of the Franchise.
Agreement
The parties, intending to be legally bound and for good and valuable consideration, agree as
follows:
1.
The effective date of this Assignment is ____________________, at 12:01 a.m.
(“Effective Date”).
2.
McDonald’s consents to this Assignment subject to the provisions of the Franchise and
this Assignment.
3.
On the Effective Date, Assignor assigns and transfers all the right, title, and interest of
Assignor in the Franchise to Assignee, subject to the provisions of the Franchise and this Assignment.
4.
On the Effective Date, the transfer of the Restaurant assets and assignment of the rights
and obligations under the Franchise will be effective and complete. Assignee must take possession of the
Restaurant assets and begin operation of the Restaurant business on the Effective Date.
5.
Beginning on the Effective Date, Assignee (i) must pay all fees, (ii) assumes full and
unconditional liability under the Franchise, and (iii) must perform all obligations under the Franchise.
Beginning on the Effective Date, the royalty will be 4.0%. McDonald’s has elected not to adjust the
royalty for the Franchise for the Restaurant to the now prevailing percentage royalty rate of 5.0%.
McDonald’s does not waive, and hereby expressly reserves, its right to adjust the royalty rate to the then
prevailing rate upon any future assignment or transfer of the Franchise for the Restaurant.
6.
McDonald’s grants approved owner/operator status to ___________________________
for the Restaurant, and he/she must personally devote full time and best efforts to the Restaurant business
and adhere to the tenets of the McDonald’s System (as defined in the Franchise) which are the essence of
the Franchise.
1

7.
Exhibit A.

On the Effective Date, Assignee assumes Assignor’s obligations listed on the attached

8.
Without the prior written consent of McDonald’s, Assignee may not, either voluntarily or
by operation of law, make or permit:
a)
b)
c)
9.

any further transfer or assignment of the Franchise;
any pledge or encumbrance of the Franchise; or
the creation of new or additional interest in the Franchise.

Assignee represents and warrants that:
a)
b)

Assignee is the only person with an interest in the Franchise and Assignee’s
ownership interest is as shown on Exhibit B; and
there is no obligation or intention to issue additional interests in the Franchise.

10.
If Assignor or Assignee breaches any of the conditions, representations, agreements, or
warranties contained in this Assignment, McDonald’s will be entitled to all relief and remedies available
by law or in equity, including injunctive relief, and to all relief and remedies granted to McDonald’s by
the Franchise.
11.
Assignee is responsible for the Restaurant’s entire real estate tax bill due on the next
payment date. Assignee must pay the entire amount due to McDonald’s or, if on direct pay, to the
appropriate taxing authority upon receipt of the invoice for the real estate tax bill from either McDonald’s
or the appropriate taxing authority.
12.
Assignor and Assignee each represents and warrants to McDonald’s that (i) the Agreement
is the entire agreement between Assignor and Assignee for the acquisition of the Restaurant by Assignee,
(ii) a complete and true copy of the Agreement has been delivered to McDonald’s, (iii) all of the financial
terms relating to Assignee’s acquisition of the Restaurant have been disclosed in writing to McDonald’s,
and (iv) the Agreement and this Assignment have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by such
party, and constitute the enforceable obligations of such party. Assignor and Assignee each agrees and
acknowledges that (i) McDonald’s consent to this Assignment is based on its evaluation of such financial
terms, and (ii) a failure to disclose all financial terms to McDonald’s will constitute a material breach of
the Franchise pursuant, among other provisions, to paragraph 18(n) of the Franchise, thereby entitling
McDonald’s to all rights and remedies under the Franchise including, but not limited to, the right to
terminate the Franchise.
13.
If Assignee pays all business creditors, including McDonald’s, on a timely basis,
Assignor will be automatically discharged from all liability under the Franchise upon the earlier of:
(i) three years after the Effective Date or (ii) the end of the Franchise term.
14.
Assignor agrees to pay all liabilities owed to McDonald’s relating to the Restaurant as
estimated on the attached Exhibit C, including, but not limited to, rent and royalties through the standard
automatic bank draft process. Assignor agrees to leave a designated bank account open for sixty (60)
days past the Effective Date and to ensure that sufficient funds remain in the bank account to satisfy all
liabilities. A partial payment of any receivable amount by Assignor to McDonald’s will not relieve the
parties from the obligation to pay to McDonald’s any and all receivables in full and McDonald’s
acceptance of any monies from Assignor will not waive Assignor’s obligation to make full payment or
waive any rights of McDonald’s. McDonald’s consent to this Assignment is expressly conditioned on
McDonald’s receipt from Assignor of all receivables owed to McDonald’s.
15.
Assignor represents and warrants that neither Assignor, nor any member of the
immediate family of Assignor, and to the best knowledge of Assignor, any other member of Assignor’s
family:

2

a)
b)
c)

owns, or has the right to use, directly or indirectly, any property used for or in
connection with the operation of the Restaurant which is not a part of the assets
being conveyed to Assignee;
owns, directly or indirectly, all or part of any business which is a party to any
business arrangements concerning the Restaurant; or
owns or has an interest in any real estate located within a radius of 500 yards of
the Restaurant, excluding real estate leased to Assignor by McDonald’s.

16.
Assignee’s failure to comply with National Restaurant Building and Equipment
Standards (“NRBES”) at the Restaurant before __________________ may result in Assignee not
complying with the National Franchising Standards.
17.
As of the Effective Date, Assignor agrees that if any Franchise contains a paragraph
entitled “Interference with Employment Relations of Others,” such Franchise is hereby amended to
eliminate Paragraph 14. If the Franchise does not contain a paragraph entitled “Interference with
Employment Relations of Others,” such Franchise shall remain unchanged.
18.
Assignor and Assignee hereby represent and warrant that they have executed the Bigger,
Bolder Vision 2020 Commitment Letter, as amended (the “BBV2020 Letter”). Assignor and Assignee
agree to abide by and perform all terms, conditions, and obligations outlined in the BBV2020 Letter.
19.
On the Effective Date, Assignor assigns, transfers, and sets over to Assignee all right,
interest, duties, and obligations of Assignor in any commitment letter, letter agreement, contract or other
similar agreement with McDonald’s for the Restaurant in connection with the BBV2020 Letter, the
Experience of the Future (“EOTF”) or other construction or development project or test at the Restaurant
(collectively, the “Commitment Letter”). Assignee accepts the assignment of the Commitment Letter and
agrees to abide by and perform all terms, conditions, and obligations outlined in the Commitment
Letter. Assignee also assumes full and unconditional liability under the Commitment Letter.
20.
It is Assignor’s obligation to provide, and Assignee’s obligation to obtain, all project
costs and payment records for any construction projects that are in progress or completed at the
Restaurant(s). Assignee shall be responsible for any remaining construction payments owed to
McDonald’s related to the Restaurant(s).
21.
The parties’ respective successors, assigns, heirs, and personal representatives are bound
by this Assignment. All obligations, agreements, representations, and warranties made by more than one
party will be joint and several even if it is not so stated in the relevant paragraph.
22.
At any time during normal business hours, McDonald’s may examine and copy any of
Assignor’s or Assignee’s records, books, financial records, tax returns, or other documents for the
purpose of insuring compliance with the Franchise and this Assignment.
23.

All Exhibits to this Assignment are a part of this Assignment.

24.
This Assignment is not an approval by McDonald’s of the Agreement or any other
documents pertaining to it and McDonald’s is not a party to the Agreement or bound by it. Assignee
acknowledges that Assignee is acquiring the Restaurant and the Franchise pursuant to an arms-length sale
between operators in which Assignor and Assignee exercised their own, independent business judgment
in arriving at the purchase price for the Restaurant and the Franchise. McDonald’s neither established nor
negotiated that price. Assignee entered into the Agreement voluntarily, with the advice of any attorneys,
accountants, and valuation experts of its choosing, following a sales process that afforded Assignee a full
and fair opportunity to visually inspect the Restaurant and Franchise, discuss the condition with Assignor,
and conduct any other due diligence Assignee believed was necessary. In connection with the Agreement
and/or this Assignment, Assignee hereby acknowledges and agrees that McDonald’s has not made, and is
not making, any express or implied representations, warranties, guarantees, promises, or assurances,
3

whether orally or in writing, concerning the Restaurant or the Franchise, including without limitation the
value, condition, use, profitability, or future performance of the Restaurant or the Franchise, and Assignee
expressly disclaims any such representation, warranty, guarantee, promise or assurance (including
merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose). Accordingly, and for the avoidance of doubt,
Assignee hereby covenants not to sue McDonald’s for fraudulent inducement or to bring any other claim
or cause of action based in fraud, tort, equity, contract or otherwise against McDonald’s relating to any
alleged misrepresentations or omissions Assignee later may claim McDonald’s made about the Restaurant
or Franchise in connection with the sales process or the Agreement.
25.
All terms and conditions of the Franchise remain in full force and effect except as
expressly modified by this Assignment.
26.
McDonald’s and Assignee each acknowledge and warrant to each other that they wish to
have all terms of their business relationship defined in the Franchise and this Assignment. Neither
McDonald’s nor Assignee wishes to enter into a business relationship with the other in which any terms
or obligations are the subject of alleged oral statements or in which oral statements serve as the basis for
creating rights or obligations different from or supplementary to the rights and obligations in the
Franchise or this Assignment. McDonald’s, Assignor, and Assignee agree that the Franchise and this
Assignment supersede and cancel any prior and/or contemporaneous discussions or writings (whether
described as representations, inducements, promises, agreements, understandings, or any other term),
between McDonald’s or anyone acting on its behalf, Assignor or anyone acting on Assignor’s behalf, and
Assignee or anyone acting on Assignee’s behalf, with respect to the Restaurant or the relationship
between the parties. McDonald’s, Assignor, and Assignee each agree that they have placed, and will
place, no reliance on any such discussions or writings. The Franchise and this Assignment constitute the
entire agreement between the parties and contain all of the terms, conditions, rights, and obligations of the
parties with respect to the Restaurant and the Franchise. No future franchise or offer of franchises for
additional McDonald’s restaurants has been promised to Assignee and no such franchise or franchise
offer will come into existence, except by means of a separate writing, executed by an officer or
franchising director of McDonald’s and specifically identified as a franchise agreement. No change,
modification, amendment, or waiver of any of the provisions of the Franchise or this Assignment will be
effective and binding upon McDonald’s unless it is in writing, specifically identified as an amendment to
this Assignment, and signed by an officer or franchising director of McDonald’s.
27.
The laws of the State of Illinois shall govern this Assignment, regardless of the laws that
might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of law.
28.
The parties will execute and deliver any other documents required by McDonald’s which
are reasonably necessary to carry out the purposes of this Assignment.
29.
The invalidity of any provision of this Assignment shall not impair the validity of any other
provision. If any provision of this Assignment is determined to be unenforceable by a court of competent
jurisdiction, such provision shall be deemed severable and the remaining provisions of this Assignment
shall be enforced.
30.
In the event that McDonald’s initiates any legal proceeding to construe or enforce the
terms, conditions and provisions of this Assignment (including without limitation, Section 21 herein), or to
obtain damages or other relief to which it may be entitled by virtue of this Assignment, McDonald’s shall
be entitled to payment from Assignee and Assignor, jointly and severally, of its reasonable attorneys’ fees
and all other costs of enforcement and/or collection.
31.
This Assignment may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall be
considered one and the same instrument, and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have
been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered to the other parties hereto, it being understood that
all parties hereto need not sign the same counterpart. Executed signature pages delivered by facsimile or
electronically will be treated in all respects as original signatures.
4

The parties have signed this Assignment evidencing that they have read, understand, and are
bound by the terms of this Assignment.
McDonald’s USA, LLC

Assignor

By:
Assignee

5

EXHIBIT A
Special Agreements and Notes Assumed by Assignee
Assignor’s obligation with OPNAD, Inc.
Assignor’s obligation with Local Advertising Co-op
Assignor’s obligation with Muzak or other Restaurant Music System
Assignor’s obligation under any Test Letter, Test Agreement, or other commitment letter or agreement
with McDonald’s
Assignor’s obligation under any contract for the purchase of electricity or natural gas and related services,
and any ancillary agreements, including but not limited to contract administration and energy consulting
service agreements
Assignor’s obligation under the Leading with Solution’s Program Participation Letter Agreement, if
applicable
Assignor’s obligations under any Commitment Letter with McDonald’s, if applicable

6

EXHIBIT B
Percentage
Ownership

Assignee

7

EXHIBIT C
(List of liabilities due McDonald’s inserted here.)

8

EXHIBIT J
CANDIDATE AGREEMENTS
PRELIMINARY AGREEMENT
THIS PRELIMINARY AGREEMENT (“Agreement”) is made as of ________, __ (the
“Effective Date”), by and between MCDONALD’S USA, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company with
an address of 110 North Carpenter Street Chicago, IL 60607 (“McDonald’s”), and
_________________________, an individual with a mailing address of _____________________,
(“Candidate”). McDonald’s and Candidate are sometimes referred to herein as the “Parties.”
Background
A.
Candidate wishes to be considered by McDonald’s for a McDonald’s franchise to operate
a McDonald’s restaurant.
B.
Before McDonald’s will consider Candidate for any McDonald’s franchise opportunity,
Candidate must first complete, to McDonald’s satisfaction in its sole discretion, McDonald’s Franchise
Applicant Training and Evaluation Program consisting of McDonald’s restaurant and classroom experience
and training (“Training Program”).
C.
Candidate understands that Candidate’s participation in the Training Program hereunder
may exceed a period of two years, without any commitment or promise of a McDonald’s franchise.
D.
McDonald’s and Candidate have separately entered into that certain independent contractor
agreement (the “Contractor Agreement”), dated on or about the date hereof, with respect to the Candidate’s
participation in the Training Program.
E.
The satisfactory completion of the Training Program, in McDonald’s sole discretion, is no
guarantee that Candidate will be offered a franchise opportunity. Upon satisfactory completion of the
Training Program, the decision to offer Candidate any franchise opportunity rests in McDonald’s sole
discretion.
Agreement
McDonald’s and Candidate, each intending to be legally bound and for good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is acknowledged, hereby agrees as follows:
1.
McDonald’s authorizes Candidate to participate in the Training Program until further
notice by McDonald’s. McDonald’s reserves the right from time to time to establish and modify the
guidelines and standards applicable to the Training Program. Candidate agrees to comply with the
guidelines and standards of the Training Program at all times.
2.
McDonald’s decision to consider Candidate for any franchise opportunity as well as the
location and type of franchise opportunity to be offered, if any, and the terms of any contracts rest in
McDonald’s sole discretion. McDonald’s is unable, at this date, to determine the exact type of the franchise
opportunity and contracts, if any, which may ultimately be offered to Candidate.

1

Alternate Paragraph 3 for Company Employee:
3.
Candidate may spend in excess of two years in the Training Program without a
commitment from McDonald’s that a franchise will be offered. During the Training Program, Candidate’s
performance and qualifications to become a franchisee will be continuously evaluated by McDonald’s.
Candidate will not receive any reimbursement for costs and expenses. Candidate is an existing employee
or agent of McDonald’s or a parent, subsidiary, or affiliate of McDonald’s in a position outside of the
Training Program. Candidate is not entitled to and will not separately receive any compensation including,
without limitation, salary, wages, or employee benefits for Candidate’s participation in the Training
Program, and Candidate is not acting within his or her capacity as an employee while participating in the
Training Program. Candidate waives any and all rights to damages, the reimbursement of expenses or costs,
as well as the payment of any compensation related directly or indirectly to Candidate’s participation in the
Training Program. Candidate’s existing employment with McDonald’s or a parent, subsidiary, or affiliate
of McDonald’s will terminate no later than the date on which the Candidate enters into a binding contract
for a franchise opportunity.
Alternate Paragraph 3 for Franchise Applicant:
3.
Candidate may spend in excess of two years in the Training Program without a
commitment from McDonald’s that a franchise will be offered. During the Training Program, Candidate’s
performance and qualifications to become a franchisee will be continuously evaluated by McDonald’s.
Candidate is not an employee or agent of McDonald’s or any parent, subsidiary, affiliate, or franchisee of
McDonald’s and is not entitled to and will not receive any compensation including, without limitation,
salary, wages, or employee benefits for Candidate’s participation in the Training Program. In addition,
Candidate will not receive any reimbursement for costs and expenses. Candidate waives any and all rights
to damages, the reimbursement of expenses or costs, as well as the payment of any compensation related
directly or indirectly to Candidate’s participation in the Training Program.
Alternate Paragraph 3 for Next Generation Candidate and Franchisee Employee:
3.
Candidate may spend in excess of two years in the Training Program without a
commitment from McDonald’s that a franchise will be offered. During the Training Program, Candidate’s
performance and qualifications to become a franchisee will be continuously evaluated by McDonald’s.
Candidate is not an employee or agent of McDonald’s or any parent, subsidiary, or affiliate of McDonald’s
and is not entitled to and will not receive any compensation including, without limitation, salary, wages, or
employee benefits for Candidate’s participation in the Training Program. In addition, Candidate will not
receive any reimbursement for costs and expenses. Candidate waives any and all rights to damages, the
reimbursement of expenses or costs, as well as the payment of any compensation related directly or
indirectly to Candidate’s participation in the Training Program.
4.
The term “Confidential Information” shall mean all information (whether or not
specifically labeled or identified as confidential), in any form or medium (whether in oral, written,
electronic, graphic or other form), that is disclosed to, or developed or learned by, or that becomes known
to, Candidate (i) in connection with Training Program performed hereunder (including without limitation
any training or operating manuals) and/or (ii) that relates to the business, operations, products, services,
know how, strategies, promotions, research, prospects, employee relations or development of McDonald’s
or any Affiliate thereof or their respective franchisees, suppliers, clients or customers. Candidate
acknowledges and agrees that Candidate may have access to information and materials of a highly sensitive
nature (including Confidential Information) and he or she intends to protect the legitimate business interests
of McDonald’s and its Affiliates therein. Candidate agrees that during the term of this Agreement and at
all times thereafter, without the prior written consent of McDonald’s, Candidate shall not use for his or her
benefit or the benefit of any other person, and shall not disclose to any other person, any Confidential
Information. Candidate shall use his or her best efforts and utmost diligence to safeguard the Confidential
Information and to protect it against disclosure, misuse, espionage, loss and theft. Upon termination of

2

Candidate’s participation in the Training Program, Candidate shall immediately return all Confidential
Information, including all training and operating manuals, provided to or acquired by Candidate. In the
event that Candidate is required by law or court order to disclose any Confidential Information, Candidate
shall (i) to the extent permitted by such law or court order, provide written notice to McDonald’s of such
required disclosure or court order as soon as reasonably possible, (ii) cooperate with McDonald’s to
preserve the confidentiality of such Confidential Information consistent with applicable law and (iii) use
his/her best efforts to limit any such disclosure to the minimum disclosure necessary to comply with such
law or court order. The Parties agree that any threatened or existing breach of this Section 4 would cause
McDonald’s irreparable injury for which it would have no adequate remedy at law. In each such case, the
Parties agree that McDonald’s shall be entitled to immediate injunctive relief prohibiting such violation, in
addition to any other rights and remedies available to McDonald’s.
5.
This Agreement is personal to Candidate and it may not be transferred by assignment, will,
or operation of law. Neither McDonald’s nor Candidate shall have any right to act on behalf of or bind the
other party for any purpose. Candidate shall comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations related
to Candidate’s participation in the Training Program. Candidate represents that his or her execution of this
Agreement, and his or her participation in the Training Program, does not violate any other agreement or
contract that is binding on Candidate. When participating in the Training Program, Candidate agrees to use
his or her best efforts to comply with the terms, conditions and schedule of the Training Program. All
material and information provided to McDonald’s by Candidate in applying to the Training Program was
true, complete and accurate.
6.
No franchise offer by McDonald’s will come into existence except by a written document
executed by an officer or franchising director of McDonald’s, which is specifically identified as a Franchise
Agreement. This Agreement is not an offer of a franchise or a commitment or promise by McDonald’s to
offer Candidate a franchise and McDonald’s decision to make any franchise offer rests in McDonald’s sole
discretion.
7.
Candidate acknowledges receipt of the Disclosure Document together with various
attachments. Candidate must hold the Disclosure Document for fourteen (14) calendar days before signing
this Agreement. Candidate further acknowledges being advised by McDonald’s to read such material
carefully.
8.
Candidate’s participation in the Training Program may be terminated by either the
Candidate or McDonald’s at any time, with or without cause. In the event McDonald’s notifies Candidate
at any time during the Training Program that it will not offer a franchise to Candidate, in McDonald’s sole
discretion, Candidate’s participation in the Training Program will automatically terminate upon such
notification. This Agreement will terminate if Candidate’s participation in the Training Program terminates
for any reason. This Agreement will automatically terminate if the Contractor Agreement has been
terminated. If this Agreement is terminated, the Contractor Agreement will automatically terminate.
Alternate Paragraph 9 for Registered Applicants:
9.
Upon written notice from McDonald’s that Candidate has successfully completed the
Training Program and achieved “Qualified to Buy” status, Candidate will have up to 12-months to accept
a franchise opportunity(ies).
In the event the qualified Candidate is unable to acquire ownership in a traditional restaurant within
the 12-month time period, the qualified Candidate may request an extension of time to acquire ownership
from the US Franchising Placement Director. This is NOT an automatic extension and the decision is in
McDonald’s sole discretion. The Candidate is required to request the extension 60 days prior to the

3

expiration of the 12-month period. If the US Franchising Placement Director grants written approval of the
extension, the maximum extension time granted will be 12 months (totaling no more than 24 months) from
the date the Candidate originally received “Qualified to Buy” status.
If the extension interview is granted, McDonald’s will reassess Candidate’s current status including
but not limited to these factors: geographic preference, financial assets available to invest, personal
engagement and involvement in the business, and continued positive involvement with McDonald’s. After
McDonald’s reassessment is complete, McDonald’s, at its sole discretion, will determine one of the
following:
a. Extend the “Qualified to Buy” stage by a clearly defined time period or,
b. Remove the Candidate from the program and Candidate will no longer be considered to have
“Qualified to Buy” status and this Agreement will be deemed terminated.
If (i) the qualified Candidate is unable to acquire 100% ownership in a traditional restaurant within
the 12-month time period and (ii) the qualified Candidate fails to request and receive approval for an
extension of time, the qualified Candidate will be removed from the Candidate Development Program and
will no longer be considered to have “Qualified to Buy” status and this Agreement will be deemed
terminated.
If a qualified Candidate is granted an extension of time to acquire a traditional restaurant but is
unable to do so within the approved extended timeframe, such Candidate will be removed from the
Candidate Development Program and will no longer be considered to have “Qualified to Buy” status and
this Agreement will be deemed terminated.
Alternate Paragraph 9 for Spousal Candidates: Delete all of 9
Alternate Paragraph 9 for Next Generation Candidates:
9.
Upon written notice from McDonald’s that Candidate has successfully completed the
Training Program and achieved “Qualified to Buy” status, Candidate will have up to 12-months to purchase
a minimum of 100% ownership in a traditional restaurant.



“Qualified to Buy” status is conditioned on the Candidate maintaining his or her current
involvement in the day-to-day operations of the parent organization’s restaurants.
The parent organization must remain eligible for growth and rewrite during the “Qualified
to Buy” 12-month timeframe.

In the event the qualified Candidate is unable to acquire 100% ownership in a traditional
restaurant within the 12-month time period, the qualified Candidate and parent may request an extension
of time to acquire the minimum 100% ownership from the US Franchising Placement Director. This is NOT
an automatic extension and the decision is in McDonald’s sole discretion. The parent and qualified
Candidate are required to request the extension 60 days prior to the expiration of the 12-month period. If
the US Franchising Placement Director grants written approval of the extension, the maximum extension
time granted will be 12 months (totaling no more than 24 months) from the date the Candidate originally
received “Qualified to Buy” status.
If (i) the qualified Candidate is unable to acquire 100% ownership in a traditional restaurant
within the 12-month time period and (ii) the qualified Candidate and parent fail to request and receive
approval for an extension of time, the qualified Candidate will be removed from the Candidate

4

Development Program and will no longer be considered to have “Qualified to Buy” status and this
Agreement will be deemed terminated.
If a qualified Candidate is granted an extension of time to acquire the minimum 100%
ownership in a traditional restaurant but is unable to do so within the approved extended timeframe, such
Candidate will be removed from the Candidate Development Program and will no longer be considered to
have “Qualified to Buy” status and this Agreement will be deemed terminated.
10.
Candidate shall not, without the prior written consent of an officer of McDonald’s, use the
tradename, service marks or trademarks of McDonald’s or any parent, subsidiary or affiliate for any
purposes, including but not limited to, in any advertising, publicity release or sales representation.
11.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the
subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes any and all prior and/or contemporaneous oral agreements
or understandings of the Parties; however, nothing in this Agreement is intended to disclaim the
representations made in the Disclosure Document furnished to Candidate. No change, modification,
amendment, or waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement will be binding upon McDonald’s unless
in writing, specifically identified as an amendment, and signed by an officer or franchising director of
McDonald’s. Candidate acknowledges that neither McDonald’s nor anyone acting on behalf of
McDonald’s has made any representations, inducements, promises, or agreements, orally or otherwise,
regarding the subject matter of this Agreement which are not embodied in this Agreement.
12.
If McDonald’s institutes any action at law or in equity against Candidate and/or defends
any action instituted by Candidate related in any way, directly or indirectly, to this Agreement, McDonald’s
will be entitled to recover from Candidate reasonable attorney’s fees together with court costs and expenses
of litigation as may be allowed by the court.
13.
The terms and provisions of this Agreement will be interpreted in accordance with and
governed by the laws of the State of Illinois (without regard to any conflicts of law principles). ANY
ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR BASED UPON THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE INSTITUTED IN
THE FEDERAL DISTRICT COURT FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF ILLINOIS OR THE STATE
COURTS WITHIN DUPAGE COUNTY IN THE STATE OF ILLINOIS, AND EACH PARTY
IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS IN ANY
SUCH ACTION.
14.
EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT
IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LEGAL OR EQUITABLE ACTION
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT.
15.
If any part of this Agreement is, for any reason, ruled by a court to be invalid, such judicial
ruling will not affect the validity of any remaining portion of this Agreement which will remain in full force
and effect. In the event that any material provision of this Agreement is ruled invalid, McDonald’s reserves
the right to terminate this Agreement.
16.
This Agreement, and any amendments hereto or thereto, may be executed in one or more
counterparts, all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. Electronic signatures shall be
treated in all manner and respects as an original executed counterpart.
17.
McDONALD’S IS NOT OBLIGATED TO OFFER CANDIDATE A FRANCHISE
AND CANDIDATE IS NOT OBLIGATED TO ACCEPT ANY FRANCHISE OFFER.

5

The parties have executed this Agreement on ___________________, evidencing that they have
read, understand, and are bound by the terms of this Agreement.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Preliminary Agreement to be executed
on the date first written above.
McDONALD’S USA, LLC

CANDIDATE:

By:
Sr. Director, U.S. Strategic Franchising

Print Name:

6

INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR AGREEMENT
THIS INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is made as of
________, 20__ (the “Effective Date”), by and between MCDONALD’S USA, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company with an address of 110 North Carpenter Street Chicago, IL 60607 (“McDonald’s”), and
_________________________, an individual with a mailing address of _____________________,
(“Candidate”). McDonald’s and Candidate are sometimes referred to herein as the “Parties.”
Background
A.
Candidate wishes to be considered by McDonald’s for a McDonald’s franchise to operate
a McDonald’s restaurant.
B.
Before McDonald’s will consider Candidate for any McDonald’s franchise opportunity,
Candidate must first complete, to McDonald’s satisfaction in its sole discretion, McDonald’s Franchise
Candidate Training and Evaluation Program consisting of McDonald’s restaurant and classroom experience
and training (“Training Program”).
C.
McDonald’s and Candidate have separately entered into that certain preliminary agreement
(the “Preliminary Agreement”), dated on or about the date hereof, with respect to the Candidate’s
application to receive a franchise opportunity and enter the Training Program.
D.
Candidate has requested that he or she be permitted to participate in the Training Program,
and McDonald’s is willing to allow Candidate to do so, upon the following terms and conditions of this
Agreement.
Agreement
McDonald’s and Candidate, each intending to be legally bound and for good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is acknowledged, hereby agrees as follows:
1.
Candidate shall, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Preliminary
Agreement, train within the Training Program in one or more McDonald’s restaurants commencing on the
Effective Date.
2.
McDonald’s reserves the right from time to time to establish and modify the guidelines and
standards applicable to the Training Program. Candidate agrees to comply with the guidelines and
standards of the Training Program at all times.
3.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, Candidate shall be an independent contractor
hereunder, and Candidate shall not be deemed an agent, employee, joint employee or servant of
McDonald’s or any subsidiary or affiliates of McDonald’s or McDonald’s Corporation, a Delaware
corporation and the parent of McDonald’s (“McDonald’s Corporation”) (collectively, the “Affiliates”).
Alternate Paragraph 4 for Candidates Not a Company Employee:

4.
Candidate expressly acknowledges that Candidate (i) is not an employee of McDonald’s
or any Affiliate thereof, (ii) shall not be eligible to participate in any of McDonald’s employee benefit
programs, including but not limited to, any bonus, pension, profit sharing, stock option, 401(k), health,
sickness, dental, accident, life, disability, retirement, severance, vacation and other paid time off, tuition
benefits, deferred compensation, or insurance which McDonald’s or any Affiliate thereof may maintain for
the benefit of any of their respective employees, even if Candidate is determined to be a common law or

1

statutory law employee of McDonald’s or such Affiliate, and (iii) shall not be entitled to unemployment
compensation benefits from McDonald’s or any Affiliate thereof in the event this Agreement terminates or
for any other reason, or workers’ compensation benefits in the event Candidate is injured in any manner
while participating in the Training Program, even if Candidate is determined to be a common law or
statutory law employee of McDonald’s or such Affiliate, or for any other reason.
Alternate Paragraph 4 for Company Employee:

4.
Candidate is an existing employee or agent of McDonald’s or a parent, subsidiary, or
affiliate of McDonald’s in a position outside of the Training Program. Candidate is not entitled to and will
not separately receive any compensation including, without limitation, salary, wages, or employee benefits
for Candidate’s participation in the Training Program, and Candidate is not acting within his or her capacity
as an employee while participating in the Training Program. Candidate waives any and all rights to
damages, the reimbursement of expenses or costs, as well as the payment of any compensation related
directly or indirectly to Candidate’s participation in the Training Program. Specifically, Candidate
expressly acknowledges that for purposes of the Training Program, Candidate (i) is not an employee of
McDonald’s or any Affiliate thereof, (ii) shall not be eligible to participate in any of McDonald’s employee
benefit programs, including but not limited to, any bonus, pension, profit sharing, stock option, 401(k),
health, sickness, dental, accident, life, disability, retirement, severance, vacation and other paid time off,
tuition benefits, deferred compensation, or insurance which McDonald’s or any Affiliate thereof may
maintain for the benefit of any of their respective employees, even if Candidate is determined to be a
common law or statutory law employee of McDonald’s or such Affiliate, and (iii) shall not be entitled to
unemployment compensation benefits from McDonald’s or any Affiliate thereof in the event this
Agreement terminates or for any other reason, or workers’ compensation benefits in the event Candidate is
injured in any manner while participating in the Training Program, even if Candidate is determined to be a
common law or statutory law employee of McDonald’s or such Affiliate, or for any other reason.
Candidate’s existing employment with McDonald’s or a parent, subsidiary, or affiliate of McDonald’s will
terminate no later than the date on which the Candidate enters into a binding contract for a franchise
opportunity.
5.
Candidate acknowledges that he or she assumes a great burden by quitting his or her job
or selling his or her business before a franchise is formally offered, if ever, by McDonald’s and accepted
by Candidate pursuant to the Preliminary Agreement. Candidate understands that he or she cannot rely on
McDonald’s to offer him or her a franchise merely because he or she is participating in, or has completed,
the Training Program.
6.
If Candidate is a full-time trainee in the Training Program, (i) Candidate has the right, at
any time, to switch to training on a part-time basis within the Training Program, and (ii) McDonald’s has
the right, at any time, to switch Candidate to training on a part-time basis within the Training Program.
7.
Candidate’s participation in the Training Program may be terminated in full by either the
Candidate or McDonald’s at any time, with or without cause. In such an event, this Agreement and the
Preliminary Agreement shall be deemed terminated.
8.
This Agreement will automatically terminate if the Preliminary Agreement has been
terminated. If this Agreement is terminated, the Preliminary Agreement will automatically terminate.
9.
The term “Confidential Information” shall mean all information (whether or not
specifically labeled or identified as confidential), in any form or medium (whether in oral, written,
electronic, graphic or other form), that is disclosed to, or developed or learned by, or that becomes known
to, Candidate (i) in connection with Training Program performed hereunder (including without limitation
any training or operating manuals) and/or (ii) that relates to the business, operations, products, services,

2

know how, strategies, promotions, research, prospects, employee relations or development of McDonald’s
or any Affiliate thereof or their respective franchisees, suppliers, clients or customers. Candidate
acknowledges and agrees that Candidate may have access to information and materials of a highly sensitive
nature (including Confidential Information) and he or she intends to protect the legitimate business interests
of McDonald’s and its Affiliates therein. Candidate agrees that during the term of this Agreement and at
all times thereafter, without the prior written consent of McDonald’s, Candidate shall not use for his or her
benefit or the benefit of any other person, and shall not disclose to any other person, any Confidential
Information. Candidate shall use his or her best efforts and utmost diligence to safeguard the Confidential
Information and to protect it against disclosure, misuse, espionage, loss and theft. Upon termination of
Candidate’s participation in the Training Program, Candidate shall immediately return all Confidential
Information, including all training and operating manuals, provided to or acquired by Candidate. In the
event that Candidate is required by law or court order to disclose any Confidential Information, Candidate
shall (i) to the extent permitted by such law or court order, provide written notice to McDonald’s of such
required disclosure or court order as soon as reasonably possible, (ii) cooperate with McDonald’s to
preserve the confidentiality of such Confidential Information consistent with applicable law and (iii) use
his or her best efforts to limit any such disclosure to the minimum disclosure necessary to comply with such
law or court order. The Parties agree that any threatened or existing breach of this Section 9 would cause
McDonald’s irreparable injury for which it would have no adequate remedy at law. In each such case, the
Parties agree that McDonald’s shall be entitled to immediate injunctive relief prohibiting such violation, in
addition to any other rights and remedies available to McDonald’s.
10.
Candidate is aware that applicable securities laws restrict persons with material, non-public
information concerning McDonald’s Corporation (including, without limitation, Confidential Information)
from purchasing or selling securities of McDonald’s Corporation or from communicating such information
to any other person or entity under circumstances in which it is reasonably foreseeable that such other
person or entity is likely to purchase or sell such securities.
11.
Candidate shall not, without the prior written consent of an officer of McDonald’s, use the
tradename, service marks or trademarks of McDonald’s or any Affiliate for any purposes, including but not
limited to, in any advertising, publicity release or sales representation.
12.
This Agreement is personal to Candidate and it may not be transferred by assignment, will,
or operation of law. Neither McDonald’s nor Candidate shall have any right to act on behalf of or bind the
other party for any purpose. Candidate shall comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations related
to Candidate’s participation in the Training Program. Candidate represents that his or her execution of this
Agreement, and his or her participation in the Training Program, does not violate any other agreement or
contract that is binding on Candidate. When participating in the Training Program, Candidate agrees to use
his or her best efforts to comply with the terms, conditions and schedule of the Training Program. All
material and information provided to McDonald’s by Candidate in applying to the Training Program was
true, complete and accurate.
13.
This Agreement, with the Preliminary Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement
between the Parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes any and all prior
and/or contemporaneous oral agreements or understandings of the Parties. No change, modification,
amendment, or waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement will be binding upon McDonald’s unless
in writing, specifically identified as an amendment, and signed by an officer or franchising director of
McDonald’s. Candidate acknowledges that neither McDonald’s nor anyone acting on behalf of
McDonald’s has made any representations, inducements, promises, or agreements, orally or otherwise,
regarding the subject matter of this Agreement which are not embodied in this Agreement.

3

14.
If McDonald’s institutes any action at law or in equity against Candidate and/or defends
any action instituted by Candidate related in any way, directly or indirectly, to this Agreement, McDonald’s
will be entitled to recover from Candidate reasonable attorney’s fees together with court costs and expenses
of litigation as may be allowed by the court.
15.
The terms and provisions of this Agreement will be interpreted in accordance with and
governed by the laws of the State of Illinois (without regard to any conflicts of law principles). ANY
ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR BASED UPON THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE INSTITUTED IN
THE FEDERAL DISTRICT COURT FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF ILLINOIS OR THE STATE
COURTS WITHIN DUPAGE COUNTY IN THE STATE OF ILLINOIS, AND EACH PARTY
IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS IN ANY
SUCH ACTION.
16.
EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT
IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LEGAL OR EQUITABLE ACTION
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT.
17.
If any part of this Agreement is, for any reason, ruled by a court to be invalid, such judicial
ruling will not affect the validity of any remaining portion of this Agreement which will remain in full force
and effect. In the event that any material provision of this Agreement is ruled invalid, McDonald’s reserves
the right to terminate this Agreement.
18.
This Agreement, and any amendments hereto or thereto, may be executed in one or more
counterparts, all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. Electronic signatures shall be
treated in all manner and respects as an original executed counterpart.
19.
McDONALD’S IS NOT OBLIGATED TO OFFER CANDIDATE A FRANCHISE
AND CANDIDATE IS NOT OBLIGATED TO ACCEPT ANY FRANCHISE OFFER.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY BLANK]
[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

4

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Independent Contractor Agreement to be
executed on the date first written above.
CANDIDATE:
By:
Print Name:

MCDONALD’S:
McDonald’s USA, LLC
By:
Franchising Candidate Manager
U. S. Franchising Strategy

5

EXHIBIT K
McDONALD’S U.S. NEW TERM POLICY
(Effective January 1, 2025)
As franchisor, McDonald’s USA, LLC (“McDonald’s”) desires to enter into business relationships with
Owner/Operators who, as McDonald’s determines, consistently meet the National Franchising Standards (the
“Standards”), comply with their Franchise Agreement, support McDonald’s initiatives and Values, and contribute
to the overall success of the McDonald’s System. A McDonald’s franchise is granted for a limited period of time
with no right to renew or extend. In addition, in determining whether to enter into a new term franchise, McDonald’s
will evaluate the available real estate tenure and economic viability of the restaurant and may set conditions on the
new term franchise, as further explained below.
An Owner/Operator organization’s performance will be assessed throughout the franchise term and, at each Business
Review, the Field Office will communicate the history of performance and current performance under the Standards.
A new term franchise decision must be made before the franchise term expires. In the sixteenth calendar year, prior
to the expiration of the franchise term (year 16 of the standard 20 year franchise term), the Owner/Operator must
apply for a new term franchise by completing a New Term Request for the restaurant to be considered for a new
term franchise. Starting with the 2026 New Terms, only one Owner/Operator can hold approved status on the new
term franchise. However, spouses may both have approved status if they are currently approved on the restaurant,
with Field Office approval.
In year 17 of the franchise term, if the organization has consistently met the Standards, the Vice President of the
respective Field Office is likely to recommend to the New Term Committee that a new term franchise offer be made
to the Owner/Operator. If the organization has a history of inconsistently meeting the Standards or, in year 17, is
not meeting the Standards , the Vice President of the respective Field Office is likely to recommend against offering
a new term franchise to the New Term Committee.
New term franchise recommendations are submitted by the Operations Officer, with endorsement from the Field
Vice President of the respective Field Office, for approval from the New Term Committee. The New Term
Committee is comprised of members of U.S. management. Only the New Term Committee, or its designee, has the
authority to offer, reconsider an offer or not offer a new term franchise to an Owner/Operator.
If a new term franchise offer is approved, the terms will be outlined in a new term offer letter that will be sent to the
Owner/Operator. The offer of a new term franchise is conditioned upon the organization continuing to remain in
compliance with the Standards and their Franchise Agreement for the remainder of the current franchise term and is
subject to available real estate tenure. If the organization does not meet one or more of the Standards after the time
of the new term offer but before the end of the current term, the Vice President of the respective Field Office is likely
to request the New Term Committee to reconsider the offer of a new term franchise.
There may be additional conditions imposed as a part of the new term franchise offer. Any such conditions will be
included in the new term offer letter and will vary from case to case, but most frequently relate to reinvestment,
rebuilds, relocations, real estate issues, or ownership policy issues. If the Owner/Operator owns or leases additional
property that McDonald’s determines is essential to the operation of the restaurant business, the new term franchise
offer will be conditioned upon McDonald’s obtaining a controlling interest, through purchase or option to purchase, in
the additional property to ensure its availability for the long-term operation of the restaurant. In some situations, due
to the availability of real estate, questions about the long-term economic viability of the restaurant location, or other
considerations, a shorter-term franchise or restaurant closure may be appropriate.
To accept the offer of a new term franchise, the Owner/Operator must sign our then-current form of franchise
agreement prior to the start of the new term franchise. The Royalty will remain the same as the previous rate for the
restaurant. The initial franchise fee for the new term franchise will be those in effect for similar restaurants at the
time the new term franchise commences. The rent for the new term franchise will be calculated in accordance with
1

the then-current new term rent policy. Owner/Operator rental of additional property will be treated in accordance
with the additional property policy in effect at the time the new term franchise commences.
In cases where McDonald’s, through the New Term Committee, concludes that it will not offer a new term franchise
to the Owner/Operator, the Owner/Operator will be advised of this decision in writing. The decision of the New
Term Committee not to offer a new term franchise to the Owner/Operator is final. In these cases, McDonald’s may
extend an alternative offer, which would give the Owner/Operator the opportunity to sell the restaurant business to
a qualified buyer prior to the start of the new term franchise. Subject to the terms and conditions stated in any
alternative offer, which includes a legal release, McDonald’s will offer a new term franchise to the qualified buyer.
McDonald’s may deviate from the above process when considering a new term franchise for non-traditional venues.

2

EXHIBIT L
MCDONALD’S U.S. GROWTH POLICY
(Effective May 1, 2025)
McDonald’s USA, LLC (“McDonald’s) desires to grow with the best and most qualified Owner/Operators who
consistently meet or exceed the National Franchising Standards (the “NFS”), support McDonald’s Values and initiatives,
and demonstrate an ability to adapt to the evolving needs of the guest. This Growth Policy sets expectations for
determining whether an Owner/Operator is qualified to buy one or more restaurants and explains the process by which
an Owner/Operator may acquire one or more restaurants, including McDonald’s considerations in consenting to growth.
The Growth Policy is not intended to, and does not necessarily address, whether an Owner/Operator is meeting the
requirements of the Franchise Agreement.
To meet the minimum threshold to acquire one or more restaurants, an Owner/Operator’s organization must meet all
NFS. A determination that an Owner/Operator organization meets the NFS is not an assurance or a
representation that a proposed acquisition will be approved. We expect that owner/operators wishing to grow will
exceed our guests’ expectations each visit by consistently delivering an exceptional customer experience and
demonstrating genuine customer-focused behaviors.
Owner/Operators who meet the NFS (or a Registered Applicant or Next Generation Candidate who is qualified to buy)
and wish to acquire a restaurant(s) must submit a Business Acquisition Plan at least 10 days in advance of providing a
contract to acquire a restaurant(s). The Business Acquisition Plan will address the proposed buyer’s plans and intentions
for the acquisition restaurant(s) including, but not limited to, how the proposed buyer intends to meet the NFS going
forward. The proposed buyer must use McDonald’s current Business Acquisition Plan template and submit it to their
Field Vice President and Operations Officer. Failure to submit a complete Business Acquisition Plan at least 10
days in advance of providing a contract will result in a denial of consent to proceed with the acquisition. Another
contract can be submitted once the Business Acquisition Process is complete. Further, the buyer must submit financial
projections using the Organization Planning Tool (OPT) when submitting a contract.
In reviewing any request to buy, McDonald’s must review and decide whether to approve the proposed buyer and
acquisition as outlined in the assignment provisions of the applicable Franchise Agreement. McDonald’s will evaluate,
among other things and by way of illustration only, an Owner/Operator’s: (i) work experience and aptitude, (ii) financial
background, (iii) character, (iv) ability to personally devote full time and best efforts to managing the restaurant(s),
(v) residence in the locality of the restaurant(s), (vi) equity interest in the restaurant(s), (vii) conflicting interests, and
(viii) such other criteria and conditions as McDonald’s shall apply in the case of an application for a new franchise to
operate a McDonald’s restaurant. McDonald’s will also evaluate whether the organization is in compliance with the
Franchise Agreement(s). Finally, McDonald’s will evaluate whether the proposed acquisition meets McDonald’s
financial screens and lending guidelines. Based upon these considerations, our ongoing business relationship with our
Owner/Operators, our knowledge and experience with their restaurants, including their history of performance and recent
growth, and the organization’s overall performance on guest experience, McDonald’s will determine whether to approve
an Owner/Operator’s request to acquire additional restaurants. McDonald’s will deny consent to any proposed
acquisition as it deems appropriate in its business judgment.
CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION: The material contained herein is intended for the exclusive System-related
use of (1) independent owner/operators and their advisors and employees who have access and (2) corporate employees of McDonald’s
USA, LLC. None of the materials or information contained herein may be reproduced, copied, or shared by any means without the
specific written authorization of McDonald’s USA, LLC. McDonald’s reserves the right to take appropriate action in the event of misuse
or disclosure of confidential and proprietary information.
These are internal guidelines which McDonald’s may apply, modify or eliminate as it deems appropriate. They are not intended to and
do not create or modify any contract rights or obligations. As always, those rights and obligations are determined only by McDonald’s
signed, written Franchise Agreements.

1

EXHIBIT M
NEW TERM OFFER LETTER
PERSONAL & CONFIDENTIAL/VIA PARTNERS MAIL
RE:

McDonald’s Restaurant
L/C:
(the “Restaurant”)

(Approved Operator(s) on Franchise):
As you know, your franchise for the Restaurant expires on (Expiration Date).
OFFER OF A NEW TERM FRANCHISE
The Vice President of the Field Office has recommended that you be offered a new term franchise for the Restaurant.
Members of the New Term Committee have reviewed the recommendation, including your compliance with the
National Franchising Standards and Franchise Agreement and your contributions to the System.
Based on this information, the New Term Committee has approved the offer of a new term franchise to you upon the
expiration of the existing franchise, subject to your continued compliance with the National Franchising Standards and
Franchise Agreement throughout the remainder of the term of the existing franchise.
FEES AND TERMS
The new term franchise documents, including Franchise Agreement and Operator’s Lease, will be those in use at the
start of the new term franchise.
The terms of the new franchise are as follows:
INITIAL FEE:

Initial fee in effect at the start of the new term franchise.

ROYALTY:

Royalty will remain the same as the previous rate for the Restaurant

FRANCHISE TERM:

Franchise term will be consistent with McDonald’s real estate tenure
but not beyond 20 years

RENT:

Rent will be calculated in accordance with McDonald’s new term rent
policy in effect at the start of the new term franchise.

NEW TERM FRANCHISE OWNERSHIP
The new franchise will be granted to (Approved Operator(s) on Franchise), individually. (Approved Operator(s) on
Franchise) will be required to personally devote full time and best efforts to the operation of the Restaurant business
and will be the “approved operator(s)” of the Restaurant. This offer may not be accepted by any other person or entity
or transferred by assignment, will, or operation of law, without the prior written consent of McDonald’s.
Please note the franchise is issued to you individually. If you want to operate the restaurant business using an
operating entity, you need to request an assignment of the franchise to your operating entity, including the name of
your operating entity and the percentage breakdown of its equity ownership. McDonald’s USA, LLC must approve
any assignment of the franchise, which will not release you from any obligations under the franchise.
For further information, refer to the Basic Estate and Business Planning Booklet on the Franchising page in
@mcd.com (under Key Documents). You may wish to consult with your attorney regarding the advantages and
disadvantages of forming an operating entity.
1

INITIAL FEE
The initial fee will be due in full at the start of the new term franchise. The initial fee charged will be that in effect at
the time the new term franchise begins and may be higher than the $45,000.00 initial fee currently in effect.
(Paragraphs with specific conditions of the new term offer are inserted here.)
NEW FRANCHISE DOCUMENTS
Provided you continue to meet the NFS for the new term franchise, the new franchise documents will be forwarded to
you for execution approximately one month prior to the start of the new term franchise.
If you are not interested in receiving a new term franchise for this Restaurant as outlined above, please notify (New
Term Manager Name), U.S. Franchising Strategy, at the email address listed above within 30 days from the date of this
letter.
Sincerely,
McDONALD’S USA, LLC

Brad Bogan
U.S. Vice President – Franchising Strategy

2

EXHIBIT N
FORM OF FLOATING RATE NOTE
PROMISSORY NOTE, SECURITY AGREEMENT AND ACH AUTHORIZATION
This Promissory Note, Security Agreement and ACH Authorization (this “Note”) is entered
into this
day of
, 20 _ by [Company Name; First M Last, First I Last]
(“Borrower”) in favor of Bank of America, N.A., a national banking association, with offices at 100 Federal
Street, Boston, MA 02110, Mail Code MA5-100-09-04 , Attn: Dan Robson (“Lender”).
PART I: PROMISSORY NOTE
[FOR PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST - FOR VALUE RECEIVED,
Borrower (jointly and severally, if more than one signatory) promises to pay to the order of Lender
the principal sum of [to be supplied] AND 00/100 DOLLARS ($
) in
more or less equal installments of principal each in the amount of $
(provided that the last installment on
, 20____ shall be in an amount equal to the balance
owing hereunder plus interest accrued thereon), plus accrued interest in arrears on the amount
outstanding from time to time from the date hereof until paid at the per annum rate equal to the Term
SOFR Rate (as defined below) plus the SOFR Adjustment (as defined below), plus [three percent (3.00%)]
per annum, payable monthly from the date funds are first advanced hereunder, commencing on
, 20
and on each Payment Date thereafter.]
[FOR PAYMENTS OF INTEREST ONLY – FOR VALUE RECEIVED, Borrower (jointly
and severally, if more than one signatory) promises to pay to the order of Lender the principal
sum of [to be supplied] AND 00/100 DOLLARS ($
) on
,
20_____ plus interest at the per annum rate equal to the Term SOFR Rate (as defined below) plus the SOFR
Adjustment (as defined below), plus [three percent (3.00%)] per annum, payable monthly from the date
funds are first advanced hereunder, commencing on
, 20_____ and on each Payment
Date thereafter.]
“Business Day” shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday, or other day on which
commercial banks in Chicago, Illinois are authorized or required to close under the laws of the State of
Illinois, or federal laws.
“Calculation Period” shall mean the period from, and including, the Effective Date to, but not
including, the first Payment Date; and thereafter, for each successive period, the period from, and
including, a Payment Date to, but not including, the next succeeding Payment Date.
“CME” means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited.
“Conforming Changes” means, with respect to the use, administration of or any conventions
associated with Term SOFR, any conforming changes to the definitions of “SOFR”, “Term SOFR Rate,”
“Term SOFR Screen Rate,” and “Payment Date,” timing and frequency of determining rates and making
payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters (including, for the avoidance
of doubt, the definitions of “Business Day” and “U.S. Government Securities Business Day”, timing of
borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices and length of lookback periods) as may
be appropriate, in the discretion of the Lender, to reflect the adoption and implementation of such applicable
rate(s) and to permit the administration thereof by the Lender in a manner substantially consistent with market
practice (or, if the Lender determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not
F-3

administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such rate exists, in such other
manner of administration as the Lender determines is reasonably necessary in connection with the
administration of this Note and any other related document).
“Credit Facilities” shall mean all extensions of credit from Lender to Borrower, now existing
or hereafter arising.
“Effective Date” shall mean the date of this Note.
“McDonald’s” shall mean McDonald’s Corporation, a Delaware corporation.
“Payment Date” shall mean the 18th day of each month, or if such day is not a Business Day, the
next succeeding day that is a Business Day; provided that the final Payment Date shall be the date of
maturity of this Note.
“Prime Rate” shall mean such rate as announced from time to time by Lender as its Prime
Rate, changes in which rate shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public
announcement of such change. The “Prime Rate” is a rate set by Lender based upon various factors including
Lender’s costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference
point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate.
“SOFR” means the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank
of New York (or a successor administrator).
“SOFR Adjustment” means 0.10% (10 basis points).
“Term SOFR Rate” shall mean, with respect to each Calculation Period, a rate of interest equal to
the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate two U.S. Government Securities Business Days
prior to the relevant Payment Date for a one-month term; provided that if the rate is not published prior to
11:00 a.m. on such determination date then Term SOFR Rate means the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto. If such rate is not available at
such time for any reason, or adverse or unusual conditions, or changes, in the applicable law relating to
the relevant interbank market make it illegal or, in the reasonable judgment of Lender, impracticable to
fund therein, or if it shall become unlawful for Lender to charge interest on a Term SOFR Rate basis,
then the rate for that Calculation Period, and for so long as the conditions referred to in this sentence shall
continue, will be determined by such alternate method as is reasonably selected by the Lender after notice
of such rate is given to McDonald’s and the Borrower. Notwithstanding anything else herein to the contrary,
if at any time the Term SOFR Rate is less than zero (0%), such rate shall be deemed to be zero percent (0%)
for the purposes of this Note.
“Term SOFR Screen Rate” means the forward-looking SOFR term rate administered by CME (or
any successor administrator satisfactory to the Lender) and published on the applicable Reuters screen page
(or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Lender
from time to time).
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any Business Day, except any Business Day on
which any of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, the New York Stock Exchange or the
Federal Reserve Bank of New York is not open for business because such day is a legal holiday under the
federal laws of the United States or the laws of the State of Illinois, as applicable.
With respect to the Term SOFR Rate, the Lender will have the right to make Conforming Changes
from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other document executed in
connection herewith, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without
F-4

any further action or consent of the Borrower or any other party; provided that, with respect to any such
amendment effected, the Lender shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to
McDonald’s and the Borrower reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective.
Payments of principal and interest shall be made to Lender at 100 Federal Street, Boston, MA
02110, Mail Code MA5-100-09-04, or at such other place as Lender or any subsequent holder of this Note
from time to time directs in writing. Payments shall be by pre-authorized debits to Borrower’s account
pursuant to Part III hereof or such other method for payment designated by Lender from time to time
including, but not limited to, preauthorized debits to an alternate account identified by Borrower. Payments
received shall be first applied to fees and expenses, if any, then to accrued interest, and the balance to
principal. All interest shall be calculated in arrears for the actual number of days elapsed based on a 360-day
year.
Borrower may prepay the whole or any part of the unpaid balance of principal and accrued
interest under this Note on any date, without penalty or fee, on notice to Lender delivered not less
than five (5) Business Days in advance of such date.
[FOR
USE
WITH
NOTES
SUBJECT
TO
A
PRIOR
LENDER’S
SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT] This Note is subject to the terms of that certain Subordination
Agreement among [Senior Lender], Borrower, Lender and McDonald’s dated concurrently herewith.
THE FAILURE OR FORBEARANCE OF LENDER OR ANY OTHER HOLDER OF THIS
NOTE FOR ANY PERIOD OF TIME TO EXERCISE ANY RIGHT HEREUNDER, OR OTHERWISE
GRANTED BY LAW OR ANOTHER AGREEMENT, SHALL NOT AFFECT
OR RELEASE THE LIABILITY OF BORROWER OR ANY OTHER OBLIGOR HEREUNDER, AND
SHALL NOT CONSTITUTE A WAIVER OF SUCH RIGHT UNLESS SO STATED BY LENDER OR
SUCH OTHER HOLDER IN WRITING. Borrower agrees that
Lender or any other holder shall have no responsibility for the collection or protection of any property
securing this Note and may waive its rights with respect to any property or indebtedness. Borrower
hereby waives (i) presentment of payment, notice of nonpayment, notice of dishonor, protest and all other
demands and notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance and enforcement of this
Note, and (ii) the benefits of any law providing that the release of any one of any obligors for this Note
releases all others otherwise liable for obligations outstanding hereunder.
Borrower agrees to pay reasonable and documented expenses of Lender, including reasonable
fees of outside counsel, in connection with the preparation, execution and delivery of this Note and
any related document prepared for Lender, or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions
hereof or thereof. The foregoing fees may be paid from the proceeds of this Note. Furthermore,
Borrower agrees to pay the reasonable and documented costs of Lender relating to the collection or
enforcement of this Note or any related document, including reasonable fees of outside counsel.
This Note is secured by the Collateral, as defined in Part II herein. Borrower shall pay, or reimburse
Lender, for any and all filing costs, documentary stamps, intangibles taxes, conveyance or transfer taxes
and/or similar fees or taxes required to be paid in connection with this Note, in order to effectuate the
filing of financing statements and/or security agreements allowing Lender to perfect its security for this
Note.
All payments not made when due shall bear interest from the date each payment is due until the
date payment is received by Lender, at Lender’s option, at the Prime Rate, plus an additional two percent
(2.0%) per annum. Irrespective of the exercise or nonexercise of the foregoing option, in the event that
any payment herein provided for shall become overdue for more than thirty (30) days, a “late charge”
of three percent (3%) of the overdue payment shall, at Lender’s option, become immediately due and
payable to Lender as liquidated damages for failure to make prompt payment, and the same shall be secured
F-5

by this Note, provided that Lender provided Borrower and Guarantor with written notice of such missed
payment in the manner provided for in Part III, Section 6.2 of this Note within fifteen (15) days of such
missed payment being due.
Lender shall provide Borrower with the following notifications regarding any missed payments: (a)
as discussed above, written notice of such missed payment in the manner provided for in Part III, Section 6.2
of this Note within fifteen (15) days of such missed payment being due; (b) a phone call to Borrower within
fifteen (15) days after such missed payment was due; (c) a regular monthly bill for principal and interest that
includes the missed payment from the prior period and any interest accrued thirty (30) days after such missed
payment was due (or on such schedule as is in accordance with the Lender’s customary billing processes);
and (d) a default notice on or after the date sixty (60) days after such missed payment was due. Lender’s
failure to provide Borrower with such notifications within the aforesaid timeframes does not constitute a
waiver of Lender’s right to collect interest at the rate described in the preceding paragraph or otherwise
impair any of the Lender’s rights or remedies hereunder or under applicable law, provided that Lender shall
not exercise remedies hereunder until Lender provides Borrower with all such notifications.
This Note and any other indebtedness of Borrower to Lender, whether now existing or hereafter
arising, are hereby expressly limited so that in no contingency or event whatsoever, whether by reason
of acceleration of the maturity of the indebtedness evidenced hereby or
otherwise, shall the amount paid or agreed to be paid to Lender for the use or the forbearance of the
indebtedness hereunder exceed the maximum permissible rate under applicable law (“Maximum Rate”).
As used herein, the term “applicable law” shall mean the law in effect as of the date of this Note, provided
however that in the event there is a change in the applicable law which results in a higher permissible
rate of interest, then this Note shall be governed by such new law as of its effective date. If due to any
circumstance whatsoever, fulfillment of any provisions of this Note at the time performance of such
provision shall be due shall exceed the Maximum Rate, then, automatically, the obligation to be fulfilled
shall be modified or reduced to the extent necessary to limit such interest to the Maximum Rate. If Lender
should ever receive anything of value deemed interest by applicable law which would exceed the
Maximum Rate, such excess shall be applied to the reduction of principal then outstanding and not to the
payment of interest, or, if such excess exceeds the principal then outstanding, such excess shall be repaid
to Borrower.
Borrower understands and agrees that in making the loan evidenced by this Note, Lender and
McDonald’s have agreed on certain matters with respect to such loan. Borrower further understands
that McDonald’s has executed a guaranty (“Guaranty”) which guaranties Borrower’s obligations
under this Note and that in connection with the Guaranty, McDonald’s will receive a Guaranty fee to
be paid by Lender. Lender may, and Borrower hereby authorizes Lender to, release to McDonald’s such
information about Borrower and the loan evidenced hereby as Lender deems necessary or appropriate,
including without limitation, Borrower’s financial statements and any information relating to Borrower’s
performance under this Note. McDonald’s may release to Lender such information about Borrower or
Borrower’s affiliates and the Franchise (as hereinafter defined) or any other McDonald’s franchise
Borrower or Borrower’s affiliates may own and operate. Lender may also condition its agreement to
any waiver, modification or amendment with respect to this Note on obtaining McDonald’s prior
written consent. Lender may, without incurring any liability to Borrower, notify McDonald’s of any Event
of Default, as defined below, under this Note prior to notifying Borrower. McDonald’s may, without
incurring any liability to Borrower, notify Lender of any breach of the Franchise, prior to notifying
Borrower. Lender shall not have any liability to Borrower as a result of any action taken or not taken
by Lender with respect to the loan evidenced by this Note in accordance with the written instructions of
a duly authorized officer, employee or agent of McDonald’s. Borrower acknowledges that Lender’s
rights under Section 6.1 below shall include without limitation Lender’s right to assign this Note to
McDonald’s at any time, whether or not there has occurred an Event of Default hereunder.

F-6

PART II: SECURITY AGREEMENT
All terms used and not otherwise defined in this Note shall have the meanings ascribed to such
terms in the Uniform Commercial Code as adopted, and in effect from time to time, by the State of Illinois
(the “UCC”). However, if a term is defined in Article 9 of the UCC differently than in another Article
of the UCC, the term has the meaning specified in Article 9. For purposes of this Note, “Obligations”
means all loans, advances, indebtedness, notes, liabilities and amounts, liquidated or unliquidated,
owing by Borrower or any affiliate of Borrower to Lender at any time, each of every kind, nature and
description, whether arising under this Note or otherwise, direct or indirect (that is, whether the same are
due directly or indirectly to Lender as endorser or guarantor, or as obligor of obligations due to third
persons which have been
endorsed or assigned to Lender, or otherwise), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now
existing or hereafter arising or acquired, and shall also include all principal, interest and other charges
due from Borrower or any affiliate of Borrower to Lender and all costs and expenses referred to in
this Note and any interest, premium, fees, and other income accruing after the commencement of any
proceeding or case commenced by or against the Borrower or any such affiliate under any bankruptcy,
insolvency or other debtor relief laws, whether or not allowed under any such proceeding or case.
For value received, Borrower hereby grants to Lender a security interest in the Collateral as
described below. This security interest is granted to secure payment of the Obligations on the following
terms and conditions:

1.

Collateral.

1.1
Security Interest Grant. Borrower hereby grants to Lender, to secure the payment
and performance in full of all of the Obligations, a security interest in and pledges and assigns to Lender
the following properties, assets and rights of Borrower, wherever located, whether now owned or hereafter
acquired or arising, and all proceeds and products thereof (all of the same being hereinafter called the
“Collateral”): all personal and moveable property of every kind and nature including, without limitation,
all goods (including inventory, equipment, and any accessions thereto), instruments (including promissory
notes), documents, accounts (including health-care insurance receivables), chattel paper (whether
tangible or electronic), deposit accounts, letter-of-credit rights (whether or not the letter of credit is
evidenced by a writing), commercial tort claims, securities and all other investment property, supporting
obligations, any other contract rights or rights to the payment of money, insurance claims and
proceeds, tort claims, and all general intangibles (including all payment intangibles). The Collateral does
not include Borrower’s right, title and interest in the Franchise, as defined below.
1.2
Location/Purpose. The Collateral will be kept at and used in the operation of the
McDonald’s restaurant businesses located at [insert addresses of restaurants where collateral is located]
. These restaurant businesses, together with the License Agreement or Franchise Agreement and the
Operator’s Lease and any assignments pertaining thereto, will be referred to collectively as the
“Franchise”. Borrower agrees not to remove the Collateral from the Franchise premises except for
purposes of repair or replacement in the normal course of business. In no event, however, will any
such repair or replacement impair the value of the Collateral.
1.3
Inspection/Records. Upon reasonable notice and at any reasonable time prior to
an Event of Default as defined herein (and, after Event of Default, without notice and at any time),
Borrower will allow Lender to inspect the Collateral. Borrower will keep accurate and complete records
identifying the Collateral which will be available to Lender upon request.
1.4
Maintenance. Borrower will maintain the Collateral in good condition; will
repair or replace it, if necessary; and in general, deal with the Collateral in a manner that is considered
F-7

good practice for a McDonald’s restaurant business. Borrower will not knowingly use the Collateral in
violation of any law, statute, ordinance or government regulation and will be responsible for payment of
any taxes and/or assessments that may be imposed on the Collateral.

1.5
Insurance. Borrower agrees to maintain insurance on the Collateral with a
responsible company in such amounts and against such risks and hazards as are normally insured against
by similar McDonald’s restaurant businesses. Lender shall be named as an additional insured, or,
alternatively, as loss payee under a lender loss payable endorsement in favor of Lender. Upon request,
Borrower shall provide Lender with satisfactory evidence of insurance coverage.
1.6
Reimbursement of Lender. At its option, Lender may discharge taxes and other
liens at any time levied or placed on the Collateral, and place and pay for insurance thereon.
Borrower agrees to reimburse Lender on demand for any and all expenditures so made, and until paid the
amount thereof shall be a debt secured by the Collateral. Lender shall have no obligation to Borrower to
make any such expenditures, nor shall the making thereof relieve Borrower of any default.
2.

Warranties, Representations and Covenants of Borrower.

2.1
Representations and Warranties.
Borrower warrants and represents to
Lender that the following are true and correct on the date of this Note:
(a)
Authorization. Borrower has full power and authority to enter into this
Note which is a legal and binding obligation of Borrower and enforceable in accordance with its terms.
(b)
Independent Legal Advice. Borrower has had a reasonable opportunity
to consult with its own independently selected legal counsel concerning the meaning and terms of this
Note and the consequences of entering into it. Borrower is entering into this Note freely, based on its
own business judgment and is not relying on any representations or warranties by Lender or McDonald’s
except as specifically set forth in this Note.
(c)
No Breach of Other Agreements. The execution and performance of this
Note have been duly authorized by appropriate corporate or other organizational action, if necessary, and
do not violate any material provision of any agreement of which Borrower is a party.
(d)
Purpose of Loan. This Note is issued in connection with a commercial
transaction in which credit is being extended for general business purposes, including but not limited to (i)
purchasing a building and any site and other improvements relating thereto which is used to operate a
McDonald’s restaurant, (ii) purchasing furniture, fixtures and equipment for the Franchise, (iii) financing
the business of the Franchise, or (iv) refinancing any existing indebtedness incurred for any of the foregoing
purposes. No portion of any proceeds of any advances made hereunder will be used for personal, family or
household purposes.
2.2

Affirmative Covenants. The Borrower shall:

(a)
Existence. Maintain its existence and business operations as presently
in effect in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations, pay its debts and obligations when
due under normal terms, and pay on or before their due date, all taxes, assessments, fees and other
governmental monetary obligations, except as taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental monetary
obligations may be contested in good faith if they have been properly reflected on its books and, at the
Lender’s request, adequate funds or security has been pledged to insure payment.
F-8

(b)
Financial Records. Maintain proper books and records of account, in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and consistent with financial statements
previously submitted to the Lender.
(c)
Notices of Claims, Litigation, Defaults, etc. Promptly inform the Lender
in writing of (1) all existing and all threatened litigation, claims, investigations, administrative
proceedings and similar actions affecting the Borrower which could materially affect the financial
condition of the Borrower; (2) the occurrence of any default hereunder or other event which gives rise to
the Lender’s option to terminate any of the Credit Facilities; (3) any additions to or changes in the
locations of Borrower’s McDonald’s restaurant businesses; and (4) any alleged breach of any provision of
this agreement or of any other agreement related to the Credit Facilities by the Lender.
(d)
Additional Information. Furnish such additional information and
statements as Lender may request, from time to time.
(e)
Insurance Reports. Furnish to Lender, upon request of Lender, reports
on each existing insurance policy showing such information as Lender may reasonably request.
(f)
Other Agreements. Comply with all terms and conditions of all other
agreements, whether now or hereafter existing, between Borrower and any other party.
(g)
Title to Assets and Property. Maintain good and marketable title to all of
Borrower’s assets and properties that are Collateral hereunder.
(h)
Further Assurances. Deliver to Lender any additional documents that
may reasonably be required to perfect the security interest granted herein. In addition, Borrower will
execute and deliver to Lender any additional documents or writings and do all things requested by Lender
to effectuate the provisions and intent of this Note, to correct any inaccurate information reflected herein
(e.g., borrower’s name and address), or to comply with applicable laws.
2.3

Negative Covenants.

Without the written consent of the Lender the

Borrower will not:

(a)
Sale of Collateral. Sell or otherwise transfer the Collateral. Borrower
shall be permitted to sell or otherwise dispose of Collateral in the ordinary course of business or when
obsolete, worn out, inadequate or unnecessary for use in the operation of the Franchise, but only upon
substituting other Collateral of equivalent value and utility.
(b)
Debt. Incur, or permit to remain outstanding any debt except debt
reflected in the latest financial statement of the Borrower furnished to the Lender prior to execution
of this Note and not to be paid with proceeds of borrowings under the Credit Facilities.
For purposes of this covenant, the sale of any accounts receivable is the incurring of debt for
borrowed money.
(c)
Guaranties. Guarantee or otherwise become or remain secondarily liable
on the undertaking of another, except for endorsement of drafts for deposit and collection in the ordinary
course of business.
(d)
Liens. Create or permit to exist any lien on any of its property, real or
personal, except: liens existing on the date of this Note and known to the Lender; liens to the Lender; liens
incurred in the ordinary course of business securing current nondelinquent liabilities for taxes, tax liens
being actively contested in good faith, worker’s compensation, unemployment insurance, social security
F-9

and pension liabilities.

(e)
Continuity of Operations. (1) Engage in any business activities
substantially different from those in which Borrower is presently engaged; (2) permanently cease
operations, liquidate, merge, transfer, acquire or consolidate with any other entity, change its name,
dissolve; or (3) enter into any arrangement with any person providing for the leasing by the Borrower to
any subsidiary of real or personal property which has been sold or transferred by the Borrower or subsidiary
to such person.
(f)
Limitation on Negative Pledge Clauses. Enter into any agreement with
any person other than Lender which prohibits or limits the ability of the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries
to create or permit to exist any lien on any of its property, assets or revenues, whether now owned or
hereafter acquired.
(g)
Conflicting Agreements. Enter into any agreement containing any
provision which would be violated or breached by the performance of Borrower’s obligations under
this agreement.
(h)
Change of Control. Permit a Change of Control to occur. Change of
Control means the occurrence of any of the following events:
shall (i)
cease to own and control 100% of the outstanding capital stock and membership units of each Borrower,
(ii) cease to possess the right to elect (through contract, ownership of voting securities or otherwise) at all
times a majority of the board of directors (or similar governing body) of each Borrower, or (iii) cease to
have the authority to direct the management policies and decisions of each Borrower.
3.
Events of Default. Upon the occurrence of any of the following events (“Event of
Default”), at the option of Lender, or automatically without notice or any other action upon the
occurrence of any event specified in Sections 3.4 or 3.5 below, the unpaid principal amount of this Note
together with accrued interest and all other obligations owing by Borrower to Lender shall become
immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest, or further notice of any kind, all
of which are hereby expressly waived by Borrower:
3.1
Borrower shall fail to maintain sufficient funds in any automated clearing house
deposit account (“ACH”) to enable payment, or shall otherwise fail to make payment, of any installment of
principal and/or interest or other amounts due and payable under this Note and such default remains uncured
after the expiration of ten (10) days from receipt of notice of such default.
3.2
Any warranty or representation made by Borrower in this Note or any other writing
delivered to Lender proves to have been false or inaccurate in any material respect when made. Borrower
fails to perform or breaches any negative covenant or other material provision or covenant of this Note, and
such failure or breach (with the exception of Sections 2.2(a) and 2.3 herein as to which such failure or
breach shall constitute an immediate default hereunder) is not cured by Borrower or waived in writing by
Lender within ten (10) days after receipt by Borrower of written notice from Lender identifying the nonperformance or breach.
3.3

Borrower violates any of the covenants or agreements contained in the

Franchise.

3.4
The filing of any petition or the commencement of any proceeding by
Borrower for relief under bankruptcy or insolvency laws, or any laws relating to the relief of debtors,
F-10

readjustment of indebtedness, debtor reorganization, or composition or extension.

3.5
The filing of any petition or the commencement of any involuntary proceeding
against Borrower for relief under bankruptcy or insolvency laws, or any law relating to the relief of
debtors, readjustment of indebtedness, debtor reorganization, or composition or extension.
Borrower hereby acknowledges and agrees that a default in the payment or performance of the
obligations under this Note shall be deemed a material breach under the Franchise, allowing
McDonald’s to exercise all of its rights and remedies pursuant to said Franchise.

4.
Remedies with Respect to Collateral. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, Lender
may exercise the following remedies, at its option, and demand and notice are waived by Borrower.
4.1
Possession. Lender shall have the right to take possession of the Collateral in
accordance with all applicable local and federal laws.
4.2

Collateral. Lender may sell any or all of the Collateral at public or private sale,
provided that, except for sales to persons approved by McDonald’s, prior to such a sale, Lender agrees
to remove from the Collateral all trademark identification and all other identification of McDonald’s,
its subsidiaries and affiliates. The method, manner, time, place and terms of a sale pursuant to this
section shall be commercially reasonable and shall be specified in a written notice from Lender to be
received by Borrower at least five (5) days prior to such sale. Any proceeds from such a sale shall be
applied by Lender to Borrower’s obligations under this Note. The balance, if any, shall be returned to
Borrower. Borrower shall remain liable for any deficiency.

4.3
Other Remedies. In addition, Lender shall have all rights and remedies available
at law or in equity, all of which shall be cumulative
5.

Reporting Requirements. Borrower shall furnish to Lender:

5.1
Financial Statements. As soon as available, and in any event within forty- five
(45) days after the close of each fiscal quarter of Borrower, and at such other intervals as Lender may
request from time to time, the balance sheets, income statements, and statements of cash flow of Borrower
prepared by Borrower’s independent accountants, which, if requested by Lender, shall be on a
consolidating and consolidated basis and/or audited by certified public accountants satisfactory to
Lender, together with an unqualified opinion by such certified public accountants regarding such
statements
6.

Miscellaneous.

6.1
Successors and Assigns. This Note is binding upon and shall inure to the benefit
of Borrower and Lender and their respective legal representatives, assigns and successors; provided,
that Borrower shall have no right to assign its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written
consent of Lender and McDonald’s; and provided further, that Lender may sell, assign, transfer, or grant
participations, in whole or in part, in this Note without the prior written consent of Borrower (provided,
however, that such sale, assign, transfer, or grant of participation has previously been approved by
McDonald’s), and Borrower agrees that any such purchaser, assignee, transferee, or grantee shall be
entitled to all rights, remedies and benefits of Lender in, to, and under this Note, and such purchaser,
assignee, transferee, or grantee shall be and become the “Lender” hereunder for all purposes of this Note.
6.2

Notice. Any notice required to be given under this Note shall be in writing
F-11

and delivered in person or sent by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid. Notice to Borrower shall
be addressed to:
, with a copy to McDonald’s Corporation, 110 North Carpenter Street, Dept.
200, Chicago, Illinois 60607 Attention: Treasurer. Notice to Lender shall be addressed to Bank of
America, N.A., 100 Federal Street, Boston, MA 02110, U.S.A., Mail Code MA5-100-09-04, Attention:
Dan Robson.

6.3
Severability. The provisions of this Note are severable, and if any provision of
this Note shall be determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable such
determination shall not affect the validity of any other provision of this Note.
6.4
Waiver. Lender’s failure or delay in exercising any right, power, or privilege
under this Note shall not preclude its exercise of any other or further right, power or privilege under
this Note. Lender’s waiver of any right, power, privilege, or default under this Note shall neither
constitute a waiver of any right, power, privilege, or default, nor shall it constitute a waiver of any
future default of the same or of any other term of this Note. All rights and remedies in this Note are
cumulative and not exclusive of any other legal rights or remedies. No waiver of Borrower’s breach of any
term or condition of this Note shall be effective unless in a writing signed by a duly authorized
representative of Lender.
6.5

Governing Law. Borrower hereby acknowledges and agrees that this Note and the
obligations hereunder are to be governed by and under the internal laws of the State of Illinois, without
regard to its conflicts of law rules. Borrower agrees that any suit for the enforcement of this Note
may be brought in the courts of the State of Illinois or any Federal Court sitting therein and consents
to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of such court and to service of
process in any such suit being made upon Borrower by mail at Borrower’s address specified herein.
Borrower hereby waives any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of any such suit or
any such court or that such suit was brought in an inconvenient court.

6.6
Section Headings. The various headings used in this Note are inserted for
convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretations of this Note or any provision hereof.
6.7
Agency. Borrower acknowledges and agrees that all of the rights and remedies
which may be exercised by Lender under this Note, and all demands and notices which may be given by
Lender under this Note, may be exercised and/or given (as the case may be) by an agent appointed by
Lender for such purposes and identified to Borrower in writing by Lender from time to time.
6.8
Waivers, Amendments, Discharges. No provision or term of this Note may be
waived, amended or otherwise modified except by an agreement in writing signed by Lender in the
case of a waiver, and, in the case of an amendment or other modification, by Lender and Borrower,
and, in each case, consented to in writing by McDonald’s, and any oral waiver, amendment or
modification of any provision or term hereof shall be without authority and of no force and effect. Any
such waiver, amendment or modification shall be effective only in the specific instances and for the
purposes and to the extent therein specified.
6.9
Electronic Execution; Counterparts. This Note, any related document and any other
Communication, including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic
Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. The Borrower and the Lender agree that any
Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on such entity to
the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic
Signature will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such entity enforceable against such entity
in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was
delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient,
F-12

including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same
Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without
limitation, use or acceptance of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into
electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted
into another format, for transmission, delivery and/or retention. The Lender and the Borrower may, at its
option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record
(“Electronic Copy”), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such entity’s business, and
destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including
an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect,
validity and enforceability as a paper record. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the
Lender is under no obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly
agreed to by the Lender pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided, further, without limiting the
foregoing, (a) to the extent the Lender has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the Lender shall be
entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower without
further verification and (b) upon the request of the Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly
followed by such manually executed counterpart. For purposes hereof, “Electronic Record” and
“Electronic Signature” shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC §7006, as it may
be amended from time to time, and “Communication” means this Note, any related loan document and any
document, any amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement,
disclosure or authorization related to this Note and any related loan document. The Lender shall not be
responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the sufficiency, validity, enforceability,
effectiveness or genuineness of this Note or any related loan document or any other agreement, instrument
or document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Lender’s reliance on any
Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means). The Lender shall
be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Note or any other related loan
document by acting upon, any Communication (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet
or intranet website posting or other distribution or signed using an Electronic Signature) or any statement
made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise
authenticated (whether or not such person or entity in fact meets the requirements set forth in the loan
documents for being the maker thereof). The Borrower hereby waives (i) any argument, defense or right to
contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Note or any other related loan document based solely
on the lack of paper original copies of this Note or such other loan document and (ii) waives any claim
against the Lender for any liabilities arising solely from the Lender’s reliance on or use of Electronic
Signatures, including any liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Borrower or Lender to use any
available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic
Signature.

6.10 JURY WAIVER. EACH OF BORROWER AND LENDER HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY AND AGREES THAT NEITHER, INCLUDING ANY
ASSIGNEE OR SUCCESSOR, SHALL SEEK A JURY TRIAL IN ANY LAWSUIT, PROCEEDING,
COUNTERCLAIM, OR ANY OTHER LITIGATION PROCEDURE BASED UPON, OR ARISING
OUT OF, THIS NOTE AND OTHER RELATED AGREEMENTS, ANY COLLATERAL OR THE
DEALINGS OR THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN OR AMONG THE PARTIES, OR ANY OF
THEM. NEITHER BORROWER NOR LENDER WILL SEEK TO CONSOLIDATE ANY SUCH
ACTION, IN WHICH A JURY TRIAL HAS BEEN WAIVED, WITH ANY OTHER ACTION IN
WHICH A JURY TRIAL CANNOT BE OR HAS NOT BEEN WAIVED. THE PROVISIONS OF THIS
SECTION HAVE BEEN FULLY DISCUSSED BY THE PARTIES AND THESE PROVISIONS SHALL
BE SUBJECT TO NO EXCEPTIONS. NEITHER BORROWER NOR LENDER HAS IN ANY WAY
AGREED WITH OR REPRESENTED TO THE OTHER THAT THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION
WILL NOT BE FULLY ENFORCED IN ALL INSTANCES.

F-13

PART III: AUTHORIZATION FOR ACH DRAFTING OF LOAN PAYMENTS
Borrower hereby authorizes Lender, or any agent of Lender, to debit the bank account described
below on each Payment Date for regularly scheduled monthly payments of principal and accrued interest
and all other amounts due under this Note. Borrower agrees that such account will have sufficient
funds to cover such debits and that any disputes over the sufficiency of such funds will be resolved
strictly between Borrower and the depository institution maintaining such account.
Please debit the following account (choose one):

Checking Account

Savings Account

Bank Name:
Bank Location (City, State):
Routing and Transit Number:
Bank Account Number:
(Attached is a voided check verifying the Borrower’s bank’s routing number and the account number)
Debits to the above account will be made on each Payment Date.
THE BORROWER UNDERSTANDS AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT MUST REMIT PAYMENTS
UNTIL WRITTEN CONFIRMATION OF THE COMMENCEMENT OF AUTOMATIC DEBITS IS
RECEIVED FROM LENDER.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Note has been executed and delivered by Borrower as an
instrument under seal this
day of
, 20
.
BORROWER:

Print Name:

F-14

UNLIMITED GUARANTY
GUARANTY, dated as of
by
(the “Guarantor”), in favor of
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., a national banking association with offices at 100 Federal Street, Boston, MA
02110, U.S.A., Mail Code MA5-100-09-04, Attention: Dan Robson, (the “Lender”). In consideration of the
Lender’s giving, in its discretion, time, credit or other accommodations to
and its successors (the
“Customer”), the Guarantor agrees as follows:

1.

GUARANTY OF PAYMENT AND PERFORMANCE. The Guarantor hereby
guarantees to the Lender the full and punctual payment when due (whether at maturity, by acceleration
or otherwise), and the performance, of all liabilities, agreements and other obligations of the Customer
to the Lender, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, secured or
unsecured, now existing or hereafter arising or acquired (whether by way of discount, letter of credit,
lease, loan, overdraft or otherwise), including, without limitation, any interest, premium, fees, and other
income accruing after the commencement of an insolvency proceeding, in each case whether or not
allowed as a claim in such insolvency proceeding (the “Obligations”). This Guaranty is an absolute,
unconditional and continuing guaranty of the full and punctual payment and performance of the
Obligations and not of their collectibility only and is in no way conditioned upon any requirement
that the Lender first attempt to collect any of the Obligations from the Customer or resort to any
security or other means of obtaining their payment. Should the Customer default in payment or
performance of any of the Obligations, the obligations of the Guarantor hereunder shall become
immediately due and payable to the Lender, without demand of notice of any nature, all of which are
expressly waived by the Guarantor. Payments by the Guarantor hereunder may be required by the Lender
on any number of occasions.

2.

GUARANTOR’S AGREEMENT TO PAY. The Guarantor further agrees, as the principal
obligor and not as a guarantor only, to pay to the Lender, on demand, all costs and expenses (including
court costs and legal expenses) incurred or expended by the Lender in connection with the Obligations,
this Guaranty and the enforcement thereof, together with interest on amounts recoverable under this
Guaranty from the time such amounts become due until payment, at the rate per annum equal to 18%
or, if higher, the floating rate of interest announced by the Lender from time to time at its head
office as its Prime Rate, plus 4%; provided that if such interest exceeds the maximum amount permitted
to be paid under applicable law, then such interest shall be reduced to such maximum permitted amount.

3.

UNLIMITED GUARANTY. The liability of the Guarantor hereunder shall be unlimited.

4.
WAIVERS BY GUARANTOR; LENDER’S FREEDOM TO ACT. The Guarantor
agrees that the Obligations will be paid and performed strictly in accordance with their respective terms
regardless of any law, regulation or order now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction affecting any
of such terms or the rights of the Lender with respect thereto. The Guarantor waives presentment,
demand, protest, notice of acceptance, notice of Obligations incurred and all other notices of any kind,
all defenses which may be available by virtue of any valuation, stay, moratorium law or other similar
law now or hereafter in effect, any right to

Annex I-1

require the marshalling of assets of the Customer, and all suretyship defenses generally. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, the Guarantor agrees to the provisions of any instrument evidencing, securing
or otherwise executed in connection with any Obligation and agrees that the obligations of the Guarantor
hereunder shall not be released or discharged, in whole or in part, or otherwise affected by (i) the failure
of the Lender to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any right or remedy against the Customer,
(ii) any extensions or renewals of any Obligation;
(iii) any rescissions, waivers, amendments or modifications of any of the terms or provisions of any
agreement evidencing, securing or otherwise executed in connection with any Obligation, or any
assignments, transfers, sales, or participations of the Obligations or this Guaranty; (iv) the substitution
or relapse of any entity primarily or secondarily liable for any Obligation; (v) the adequacy of any rights
the Lender may have against any collateral or other means of obtaining repayment of the Obligations;
(vi) the impairment of any collateral securing the Obligations, including without limitation the failure to
perfect or preserve any rights the Lender might have in such collateral or the substitution, exchange,
surrender, release, loss or destruction of any such collateral; or (vii) any other act or omission which
might in any manner to any extent vary the risk of the Guarantor or otherwise operate as a relapse or
discharge of the Guarantor, all of which may be done without notice to the Guarantor.

5.
UNENFORCEABILITY OF OBLIGATIONS AGAINST CUSTOMER. If for any
reason the Customer has no legal existence or is under no legal obligation to discharge any of the
Obligations, or if any of the Obligations have become irrecoverable from the Customer by operation of
law or for any other reason, this Guaranty shall nevertheless be binding on the Guarantor to the same
extent as if the Guarantor at all times had been the principal obligor on all such Obligations. In the event
that acceleration of the time for payment of the obligations is stayed upon the insolvency, bankruptcy
or reorganization of the Customer, all such amounts otherwise subject to acceleration under the terms
of any agreement evidencing, securing or otherwise executed in connection with any Obligations shall
be immediately due and payable by the Guarantor.
6.
SUBROGATION; SUBORDINATION. Until the payment and performance in full of
all Obligations and any and all obligations of the Customer to any affiliate of the Lender, the Guarantor
shall not exercise any rights against the Customer arising as a result of payment by the Guarantor hereunder,
by way of subrogation or otherwise, and will not prove any claim in competition with the Lender or its
affiliates in respect of any payment hereunder in the bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings of any nature;
the Guarantor will not claim any set-off or counterclaim against the Customer in respect of any liability
of the Guarantor to the Customer; and the Guarantor waives any benefit of and any right to participate in
any collateral which may be held by the Lender or any such affiliate. The payment of any amounts due
with respect to any indebtedness or other obligations of the Customer now or hereafter held by the
Guarantor is hereby subordinated to the prior payment in full in cash of the Obligations. The Guarantor
agrees that after the occurrence of any default in the payment or performance of the Obligations, the
Guarantor will not demand, sue for or otherwise attempt to collect any such indebtedness or obligations
of the Customer to the Guarantor until the Obligations shall have been paid in full. If, notwithstanding
the foregoing sentence, the Guarantor shall collect, enforce or receive any amounts in respect of such
indebtedness, such amounts shall be collected, enforced and received by the Guarantor as trustee for the
Lender and be paid over to the Lender on account of the Obligations without affecting in any manner the
liability of the Guarantor under the other provisions of this Guaranty.

Annex I-2

7.
SECURITY; SET-OFF. The Guarantor grants to the Lender, as security for the full and
punctual payment and performance of the Guarantor’s obligations hereunder, a continuing lien on and
security interest in all securities or other property belonging to the Guarantor now or hereafter held
by the Lender and in all sums credited by or due from the Lender to the Guarantor or subject to
withdrawal by the Guarantor; and regardless of the adequacy of any collateral or other means of obtaining
repayment of the Obligations, the Lender is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, without
notice to the Guarantor (any such notice being expressly waived by the Guarantor) and to the fullest extent
permitted by law, to set off and apply such sums against the obligations of the Guarantor under this
Guaranty, whether or not the Lender shall have made any demand under this Guaranty and although such
obligations may be contingent or unmatured.
8.

FURTHER ASSURANCES. The Guarantor agrees that it will, from time to time at the
request of the Lender, provide to the Lender (a) if other than an individual, (i) copies of the Guarantor’s
most recent balance sheets and related statements of income and changes in financial condition (prepared
on a consolidated basis with the Guarantor’s subsidiaries, if any),
(ii) copies of the Guarantor’s federal, state and local tax returns, and (iii) a certificate of good standing
issued by the governmental authorities of the relevant jurisdiction of formation, (b) if an individual, (i) the
Guarantor’s personal financial statement, by March 1st of each year, in form and substance satisfactory
to the Lender, and (ii) copies of the Guarantor’s personal federal, state and local tax returns (including
Schedule K-1s, if applicable, and all other schedules) within fifteen days of filing unless otherwise
advised by Lender, and no later than March 1st of each year and (c) such other information relating to
the business and affairs of the Guarantor as the Lender may reasonably request. The Guarantor also
agrees, upon demand after any change in the condition or affairs (financial or otherwise) of the
Guarantor deemed by the Lender to be adverse and material, to secure the payment and performance
of its obligations hereunder by delivering, assigning or transferring to the Lender or granting the Lender
a security interest in additional collateral of a value and character satisfactory to the Lender, and
authorizes the Lender to file any financing statement deemed by the Lender to be necessary or
desirable to perfect any security interest granted by the Guarantor to the Lender, and as agent for the
Guarantor, to sign the name of the guarantor thereto. The Guarantor also agrees to do all such things
and execute all such documents, including financing statements, as the Lender may consider necessary
or desirable to give full effect to this Guaranty and to perfect and preserve the rights and powers of the
Lender hereunder.

9.
TERMINATION; REINSTATEMENT. This Guaranty shall terminate upon satisfaction
in full of all Obligations. This Guaranty shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, notwithstanding
any such notice, if at any time any payment made or value received with respect to an Obligation is
rescinded or must otherwise be returned by the Lender upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization
of the Customer, or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made or value received.

Annex I-3

10.
SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. This Guaranty shall be binding upon the Guarantor, its
successor and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Lender and its successors,
transferees and assigns; provided, that Guarantor shall have no right to assign its rights or obligations
hereunder without the prior written consent of Lender. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing
sentence, the Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any agreement or any note held by it evidencing,
securing or otherwise executed in connection with the Obligations, or sell participations in any
interest therein, to any other person or entity, and such other person or entity shall thereupon become
vested, to the extent set forth in the agreement evidencing such assignment, transfer or participation,
with all the rights in respect thereof granted to the Lender herein.
11.
AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this
Guaranty nor consent to any departure by the Guarantor therefrom shall be effective unless the same
shall be in writing and signed by the Lender. No failure on the part of the Lender to exercise, and
no delay in exercising, any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or
partial exercise of any right hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of
any other right.
12.
GOVERNING LAW; CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. This Guaranty is intended to
take effect as a sealed instrument and shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law
of the State of Illinois. The Guarantor agrees that any suit for the enforcement of this Guaranty may
be brought in the courts of the State of Illinois or any Federal Court sitting therein and consents to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of such court and to service of process in any such suit being made upon the
Guarantor by mail at the address specified in Section 16 hereof. The Guarantor hereby waives any
objection that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of any such suit or any such court or that such
suit was brought in an inconvenient court.
13.
MISCELLANEOUS. This Guaranty constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with
respect to the matters set forth herein. The rights and remedies herein provided are cumulative and not
exclusive of any remedies provided by law or any other agreement, and this Guaranty shall be in addition
to any other guaranty of the Obligations. The invalidity or unenforceability of any one or more
sections of this Guaranty shall not affect the validity or enforceability of its remaining provisions.
The meanings of all defined terms used in this Guaranty shall be equally applicable to the singular
and plural forms of the terms defined.
14.
AUTHORIZATION TO CONDUCT DUE DILIGENCE WITH THIRD PARTIES. The
Guarantor hereby authorizes the Lender and any of the Lender’s representatives, agents or assigns, to
contact McDonald’s Corporation, the Guarantor’s accountants, insurance agents, attorneys and other
representatives and agents of McDonald’s Corporation and the Guarantor for the purpose of discussing
the Guarantor’s affairs and financial condition and to obtain such information from, and conduct such
other due diligence with, such third parties from time to time as the Lender deems necessary or desirable.
The Guarantor hereby authorizes and directs all such third parties to provide such information to the
Lender, the Lender’s representatives, agents and assigns, and to cooperate fully in all respects in
connection with any requests for information regarding the Guarantor.

Annex I-4

15.
AGENCY. The Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that all of the rights and remedies
which may be exercised by the Lender under this Guaranty, and all demands and notices which may
be given by the Lender under this Guaranty, may be exercised and/or given (as the case may be) by an
agent appointed by the Lender for such purposes and identified to the Guarantor in writing by the Lender
from time to time.
16.
NOTICE. All notices and other communications shall have been duly given and shall be
effective (i) when delivered, (ii) when transmitted via telecopy (or other facsimile device) to the
number set forth below, (iii) on the day following the day on which the same has been delivered prepaid
to a reputable national overnight air courier service, or (iv) on the third business day following the day
on which the same is sent by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, in each case to the respective
parties at the address set forth below, or at such other address as such party may specify by written
notice to the other party hereto. No notice of change of address shall be effective except upon actual
receipt. This Section shall not be construed in any way to affect or impair any waiver of notice or
demand provided in any other document or to require giving of notice or demand to or upon any person
in any other situation or for any reason.
To the Guarantor:

Attn:
To the Lender:

Telephone:

Telecopy:

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.
100 Federal Street,
Boston, MA 02110
Mail Code MA5-100-09-04
Attn: Dan Robson,
Telephone: 617.434.4993
Facsimile: 617.310.2817

Personal delivery to a party or to any officer, partner, agent or employee of such party at its address
herein shall constitute receipt. Rejection or other refusal to accept or inability to deliver because of changed
address of which no notice has been received shall also constitute receipt.

17.
ELECTRONIC EXECUTION; COUNTERPARTS. This Guaranty, any related document
and any other Communication, including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of
an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. The Guarantor and the Lender agree
that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on such
entity to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by
Electronic Signature will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such entity enforceable against
such entity in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original
signature was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or
convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same
Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without
limitation, use or acceptance of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into
electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted
into another format, for transmission, delivery and/or retention. The Lender and the Guarantor may, at its
option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record
(“Electronic Copy”), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such entity’s business, and
destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including
an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect,
Annex I-5

validity and enforceability as a paper record. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the
Lender is under no obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly
agreed to by the Lender pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided, further, without limiting the
foregoing, (a) to the extent the Lender has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the Lender shall be
entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Guarantor without
further verification and (b) upon the request of the Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly
followed by such manually executed counterpart. For purposes hereof, “Electronic Record” and
“Electronic Signature” shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC §7006, as it
may be amended from time to time, and “Communication” means this Guaranty, any related loan document
and any document, any amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement,
disclosure or authorization related to this Guaranty and any related loan document. The Lender shall not be
responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the sufficiency, validity, enforceability,
effectiveness or genuineness of this Guaranty or any related loan document or any other agreement,
instrument or document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Lender’s reliance on
any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means). The Lender
shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Guaranty or any other related
loan document by acting upon, any Communication (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message,
Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution or signed using an Electronic Signature) or any
statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise
authenticated (whether or not such person or entity in fact meets the requirements set forth in the loan
documents for being the maker thereof). The Guarantor hereby waives (i) any argument, defense or right to
contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Guaranty or any other related loan document based
solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Guaranty or such other loan document and (ii) waives any
claim against the Lender for any liabilities arising solely from the Lender’s reliance on or use of Electronic
Signatures, including any liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Guarantor or Lender to use any
available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic
Signature.

18.
JURY WAIVER. EACH OF THE GUARANTOR AND THE LENDER HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY AND AGREES THAT NEITHER, INCLUDING ANY
ASSIGNEE OR SUCCESSOR, SHALL SEEK A JURY TRIAL IN ANY LAWSUIT, PROCEEDING,
COUNTERCLAIM, OR ANY OTHER LITIGATION PROCEDURE BASED UPON, OR ARISING
OUT OF, THIS GUARANTY, ANY PROMISSORY NOTE, ANY OTHER RELATED AGREEMENTS,
ANY COLLATERAL OR THE DEALINGS OR THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN OR AMONG
THE PARTIES, OR ANY OF THEM. NEITHER THE GUARANTOR NOR THE LENDER WILL
SEEK TO CONSOLIDATE ANY SUCH ACTION, IN WHICH A JURY TRIAL HAS BEEN WAIVED,
WITH ANY OTHER ACTION IN WHICH A JURY TRIAL CANNOT BE OR HAS NOT BEEN
WAIVED. THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION HAVE BEEN FULLY DISCUSSED BY THE
PARTIES AND THESE PROVISIONS SHALL BE SUBJECT TO NO EXCEPTIONS. NEITHER THE
GUARANTOR NOR THE LENDER HAS IN ANY WAY AGREED WITH OR REPRESENTED TO
THE OTHER THAT THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION WILL NOT BE FULLY ENFORCED IN
ALL INSTANCES.
[Signature Page to Follow]

Annex I-6

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Guarantor has executed and delivered this Guaranty, or, if other than an
individual, has caused this Guaranty to be executed and delivered by its duly authorized officer, as an
instrument under seal, as of the date appearing on page one.

WITNESSED:

INDIVIDUAL:

, individually
Print Name

Annex I-7

CERTIFICATE
The undersigned certifies to [●] that:

1.

1

S/He is the

of the

0F
Guarantor which executed the foregoing Guaranty and in that capacity has the authority to make this
certificate on behalf of the Guarantor.

2.

2 validly

The Guarantor is a
1F

organized or formed and existing in good standing and in the full enjoyment of its powers and
3.
franchises under the laws of
2

3.
The foregoing Guaranty has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of the
Guarantor, such actions have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other action, and the
execution, delivery and performance of the Guaranty by the Guarantor will not contravene any existing
law, rule or regulation, or any provision of its certificate of incorporation or bylaws or other document or
documents evidencing its establishment or governing the conduct of its affairs or any agreement to
which it is a party or by which it is bound.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has made this certificate on behalf of the Guarantor
day of
,
.

this

(Seal) 4
3F

1

Insert Secretary, Clerk, partner or other authorized official.

2

Insert type of business organization of Guarantor, i.e., corporation, business trust, partnership, as the case may be.

3

Insert jurisdiction in which the Guarantor was formed.

4

Impress corporate or common seal, if any.
Annex I-8

CERTIFICATE
(For Corporation)
In connection with the obtaining of credit and other financial accommodations (the “Financings”)
from [●] (the “Lender”) by
<Name of
Corporation> (the “Corporation”), a corporation organized under the laws of
<State>,
the
undersigned
certifies
that
he/she
is
the
<Secretary/Clerk> of the Corporation and that, as such, he/she is authorized to
execute this Certificate on behalf of the Corporation, and further certifies that:

1.
The following is a true copy of resolutions adopted by the board of directors of the
Corporation in accordance with the Corporation’s by-laws at a meeting at which a quorum was present
held on, or by unanimous written consent dated
,
:
RESOLVED:
Each of the following individuals:

are hereby authorized:
A To borrow money and to obtain credit for the Corporation from the Lender on
such terms and conditions as may be agreed to by such individual(s),
including, without limitation, the terms and conditions set forth in that
certain Promissory Note, Security Agreement and ACH Authorization
(the “Note”) dated
,
, and to execute and deliver any and all agreements and any notes,
instruments of guaranty, security agreements and other documents
relating thereto as may be requested by the Lender.

2.

B.

To pledge or assign and deliver, as security for money borrowed or credit
obtained, any properties held by or belonging to the Corporation with
full authority to endorse, assign, transfer or guarantee the same in the
name of the Corporation.

C.

To execute and deliver all instruments and documents required by the
Lender in connection with any Financing.

The foregoing authorization has not been revoked or revised and continues to be in full

force and effect.

Annex III-1

3.
There is no provision in the Corporation’s by-laws or any of the organizational
documents of the Corporation limiting the foregoing authorization.
4.
True, correct and complete copies of the Corporation’s by-laws and articles of
incorporation (or equivalent in each case), as in effect on the date of adoption of the above-referenced
resolutions, are attached to this Certificate as Exhibit A. Such by-laws and articles of incorporation (or
equivalent) have not been amended or modified except as set forth on Exhibit A and remain in full force
and effect on the date hereof.
5.

The Federal Employer Identification Number (taxpayer i.d.) assigned to the Corporation

is .

6.
No proceeding for the merger, consolidation, sale of assets and business, liquidation or
dissolution of the Corporation has been taken or is pending.
7.
Each of the following persons now is, and at all relevant times has been, the duly qualified
officer of the Corporation, and the signature of such person appearing opposite such person’s name is
such person’s true signature:
Name

8.

Title (if any)

Signature

The Corporation is operating a McDonald’s Restaurant at the following location(s):

9.
As of the date of this Certificate, the Corporation is a McDonald’s franchisee in good
standing, the Franchise, as that term is defined in the Note, remains in full force and effect and no material
default has occurred which is continuing under any related agreements thereto.

[signatures follow]

Annex III-2

Signed this

day of

,

.

Signature

Print/Type Name
Title:
Secretary/Clerk

Annex III-3

CERTIFICATE AND AGREEMENT
(For General/Limited Partnership)
In connection with the obtaining of credit and other financial accommodations (the
“Financings”) from [●] (the “Lender”) by
“Partnership”),

a

[general/limited]
partnership
organized
under
the
laws
, the undersigned partners certify that they are all of the partners of the

(the
of

Partnership and that:

1.

Each partner hereby confirms that any of the below named partners is authorized singly:

A.

To borrow money and to obtain credit for the Partnership from the Lender
on such terms and conditions as such partner may agree, including
without limitation, the terms and conditions set forth in that certain
Promissory Note, Security Agreement and ACH Authorization (the
“Note”) dated
, _, and to execute and
deliver any and all agreements and any notes, instruments of guaranty,
other security agreements and other documents relating thereto as may
be requested by the Lender;

B.

To pledge or assign and deliver, as security for money borrowed or credit
obtained, any properties held by or belonging to the Partnership with
full authority to endorse, assign, transfer or guarantee the same in the
name of the Partnership; and

C.

To bind the Partnership, and to execute and deliver on behalf of the
Partnership all instruments and documents required by the Lender in
connection with any Financing.

2.
Each partner agrees that his or her obligations with respect to any Financing shall not be
released or terminated by virtue of any release by the Lender of any other partner. Each partner waives
notice of any such release.
3.
Each partner hereby appoints
or
, singly, to
accept service of process on behalf of such partner in connection with any Financing and hereby consents
to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the federal courts in, or state courts of, Illinois for suits in connection
with any Financing.
4.
True, correct and complete copies of the Partnership’s partnership agreement and certificate
of partnership (or equivalent in each case), as applicable, are attached to this Certificate as Exhibit A. Such
partnership agreement and certificate of partnership (or equivalent), as applicable, have not been amended
or modified except as set forth on Exhibit A and remain in full force and effect on the date hereof.
5.

The federal Employer Identification Number (taxpayer i.d.) assigned to the Partnership
.

6.

The Partnership is operating a McDonald’s Restaurant at the following locations(s):

7.

As of the date of this Certificate, the Partnership is a McDonald’s franchise in good

is

Annex IV-1

standing, the Note remains in full force and effect and no material default has occurred which is
continuing under any of said agreements.

8.

This Certificate and Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts.
[signatures follow]

Annex IV-2

Each partner has signed this Certificate and Agreement as of
.
Partners as of date of this Certificate:
Name:

Home Address:

Annex IV-3

,

CERTIFICATE
(For Limited Liability Company)
In connection with the obtaining of credit and other financial accommodations (the
“Financings”) from [●] (the “Lender”) by
(the “Company”), a
limited liability company organized under the laws of
, the undersigned certifies
that he/she is the
of the Company and that, as such, he/she is authorized to execute
this Certificate on behalf of the Company, and further certifies that:

1.
The following is a true copy of resolutions adopted by the manager(s) of the Company
in accordance with the operating agreement of the Company at a meeting at which a quorum was present
held on, or by unanimous written consent dated
,
:
RESOLVED:
Each of the following individuals:

is hereby authorized:

2.

A.

To borrow money and to obtain credit for the Company from the Lender
on such terms and conditions as may be agreed to by such individual(s)
including, without limitation, the terms and conditions set forth in that
certain Promissory Note, Security Agreement and ACH Authorization
(the “Note”) dated
,
and to execute and deliver any and all agreements and any
notes, instruments of guaranty, security agreements and other documents
relating thereto as may be requested by the Lender.

B.

To pledge or assign and deliver, as security for money borrowed or credit
obtained, any properties held by or belonging to this company with
full authority to endorse, assign, transfer or guarantee the same in the
name of this company.

C.

To execute and deliver all instruments and documents required by the
Lender in connection with any Financing.

The foregoing authorization has not been revoked or revised and continues to be in full

force and effect.

3.
There is no provision in the Company’s operating agreement or any of the
organizational documents of the Company limiting the foregoing authorization.

Annex V-1

4.
True, correct and complete copies of the Company’s operating agreement and articles of
organization (or equivalent in each case), as in effect on the date of adoption of the above-referenced
resolutions, are attached to this Certificate as Exhibit A. Such operating agreement and articles of
organization (or equivalent) have not been amended or modified except as set forth on Exhibit A and remain
in full force and effect on the date hereof.
5.

The Federal Employer Identification Number (taxpayer i.d.) assigned to the Company is
.

6.
Each of the following persons now is, and at all relevant times has been, the duly qualified
representative of the Company, and the signature of such person appearing opposite such person’s
name is such person’s true signature:
Name

Title (if any)

Signature

7.
No proceeding for the merger, consolidation, sale of assets and business, liquidation or
dissolution of the Company has been taken or is pending.
8.

The Company is operating a McDonald’s Restaurant at the following location(s):

9.
As of the date of this Certificate, the Company is a McDonald’s franchisee in good
standing, the Note remains in full force and effect and no material default has occurred which is
continuing under any of said agreements.
[signatures follow]

Annex V-2

Signed this

day of

,

.

Signature

Print/Type Name
Title:
Secretary/Clerk

Annex V-3

CERTIFICATE
(For Sole Proprietorship)
In connection with the obtaining of credit and other financial accommodations (the
“Financings”) from [●] (the “Lender”) by
,
an
individual operating the McDonald’s Restaurant(s) identified below as a sole proprietorship, the
undersigned certifies that:

1.
the name of

The undersigned is operating a McDonald’s Restaurant as a sole proprietorship under
at the following location(s):

2.
The undersigned is not doing business as a partnership, corporation, business trust,
joint venture or any other form of legal entity.
3.
The Federal Employer Identification Number (or other taxpayer i.d. no.), assigned to
the undersigned in connection with its operation of the McDonald’s Restaurant(s) identified above,
is
.
4.
As of the date of this Certificate, the undersigned is a McDonald’s franchisee in good
standing, the Promissory Note, Security Agreement and ACH Authorization dated
remains in full force and effect and no material default has
occurred which is continuing under any of said agreements.
Signed this

day of

,

.

Signature of Sole Proprietor

Print/Type Name
Address:

1

OPERATOR ASSISTANCE PROGRAM AGREEMENT
This Operator Assistance Program Agreement (the “Agreement”), entered into the year and date
indicated below, is between McDonald’s USA, LLC and Borrower Name (“Operator”), and the legal
entities listed on the signature block of this Agreement (collectively with Operator the “Franchisee”), in
reference to the Loan (as hereinafter defined) made by Bank of America, NA, its subsidiaries or affiliates
(“Lender”) to Franchisee.
AGREEMENTS
1. Promissory Note. The Lender has concurrently made a loan (the “Loan”) to the Franchisee,
pursuant to a Promissory Note, Security Agreement and ACH Authorization (collectively, the “Note”).
Franchisee understands that McDonald’s Corporation has executed a guaranty as described in Section 2
below (the “Guaranty”). This Agreement will be effective and enforceable between the parties on the later
of (i) the date of last execution of this Agreement, or (ii) the Effective Date of the Note.
2. McDonald’s Obligations. Pursuant to the terms of the Guaranty, McDonald’s Corporation
(together with McDonald’s USA, LLC, “McDonald’s”) has guaranteed to the Lender the payment and
performance obligations of Franchisee under the Note.
3. Reimbursement. Franchisee shall reimburse McDonald’s for any amounts paid by McDonald’s
to Lender pursuant to the Guaranty (such reimbursement amounts owed by Franchisee to McDonald’s being
the “OAP Amounts”). Franchisee shall make payment to McDonald’s of the OAP Amounts within thirty
(30) days of McDonald’s making any such payment to Lender. Franchisee hereby waives presentment,
demand, protest, notice of protest and dishonor.
4. Notice. Any notice required to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and delivered in
person or sent by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid. Notice to Franchisee and McDonald’s shall
be addressed as set forth in the Franchise, with a copy to Lender at: Bank of America, 100 Federal St.,
Boston, MA 02360, Mail Code: MA5 100-09-04.

Assignment. This Agreement is binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of Franchisee and
McDonald’s and their respective legal representatives, assigns and successors; however, Franchisee shall
have no right to assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of McDonald’s.
5.

6. Severability. The provisions of this Agreement are severable, and if any provision of this
Agreement shall be determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable such determination
shall not affect the validity of any other provision of this Agreement.
7. Waiver. McDonald’s failure or delay in exercising any right, power, or privilege under this
Agreement shall not preclude its exercise of any other or further right, power or privilege under this
Agreement. McDonald’s waiver of any right, power, privilege, or default under this Agreement shall
neither constitute a waiver of any right, power, privilege, or default, nor shall it constitute a waiver of any
future default of the same or of any other term of this Agreement. All rights and remedies in this Agreement
are cumulative and not exclusive of any other legal rights or remedies. No alleged waiver of Franchisee's
breach of any term or condition of this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing signed by a duly
authorized representative of McDonald’s.
8. Release. Franchisee fully, irrevocably and absolutely releases and forever discharges McDonald’s
from any and all claims, demands, suits, damages, losses, liabilities and causes of action or obligations of
every kind, character or nature whatsoever, in law or in equity, known or unknown, suspected or
unsuspected, fixed or contingent, pending or not pending, liquidated or unliquidated, that arose out of any

2

actions, omissions, or events occurring in whole or in part prior to the execution of this Agreement,
including, but not in any way limited to, losses, liabilities, claims (including but not limited to, by way of
example only, those for fraud, misrepresentation, breach of warranty), and causes of action arising from or
in any way relating to this Agreement whether in writing or made through any alleged course of conduct,
course of dealing, statements or actions of either McDonald’s or Franchisee.
9. Covenants. From the effective date of this Agreement until the termination of this Agreement
pursuant to Section 14, Franchisee hereby covenants and agrees that: (i) Franchisee will not incur any
secured or unsecured debt (other than normal trade debt/payables incurred in the ordinary course of
business) or act as guarantor for any debt of others, without the prior written approval of McDonald’s, in
its sole discretion, (ii) Franchisee will not lend money to any third party (including without limitation any
member, partner, owner or shareholder of Franchisee) without the prior written approval of McDonald’s,
in its sole discretion, (iii) Franchisee will pay all amounts due and owing under the Note on time, in
accordance with its terms, (iv) Franchisee shall immediately notify McDonald’s, in writing, of any defaults
by Franchisee under the Note and provide McDonald’s with copies of any default notices issued to
Franchisee by Lender, and (v) Franchisee will maintain all excess cash in the business in order to
accumulate funds to retire the Note on or before its maturity date, provided, that, Franchisee may (A) make
reasonable compensation distributions/draws to Operator, and/or (B) make distributions/draws necessary
to satisfy Operator’s Federal and state income tax obligations.
10. Default; Remedies. If Franchisee (i) fails to perform any of its covenants herein, including without
limitation, the covenants contained in Sections 3 or 9, or (ii) breaches any of its representations or warranties
herein, including without limitation the representations and warranties contained in Section 13, then
Franchisee shall be in default under this Agreement (in each case, an “Event of Default”).

If the Event of Default is based upon either (i) Franchisee’s failure to make timely payment of any OAP
Amounts in accordance with Section 3 herein, or (ii) Franchisee’s failure to pay all amounts due and owing
under the Note on time, in accordance with its terms, in accordance with Section 9(iii) herein, then such
Event of Default shall immediately constitute a material breach of the Franchise (as such term is defined in
the Note), entitling McDonald’s to exercise all of its rights and remedies as set forth in the Franchise,
including, but not limited to, the right to terminate the Franchise.
In the case of all other Events of Default, McDonald’s may provide written notice to Franchisee of such
Event of Default, and Franchisee shall, within sixty (60) days of receiving such written notice, obtain
traditional financing and/or utilize cash to fully satisfy the outstanding balance on the Note from Lender
and all OAP Amounts owed to McDonald’s. Failure by Franchisee to fully satisfy the outstanding balance
on the Note from Lender and all OAP Amounts due to McDonald’s within such 60-day period shall
constitute a material breach of the Franchise, entitling McDonald’s to exercise all of its rights and remedies
as set forth in the Franchise, including, but not limited to, the right to terminate the Franchise.
The rights and remedies of McDonald’s stated above are in addition to all other rights and remedies
available to McDonald’s at law or in equity, all of which shall be cumulative.
11. Cross-Default. Pursuant to the terms of the Note, a default under the Note is a material breach
under the terms of the Franchise, entitling McDonald’s to exercise all of its rights and remedies as set forth
in the Franchise.
12. Termination of Franchise. In the event that the Franchise is terminated for any reason during the
term of this Agreement, Franchisee shall, within thirty (30) days of such termination, obtain traditional
financing and/or utilize cash to fully satisfy the outstanding balance on the Note from Lender and all OAP
Amounts owed to McDonald’s.

3

13. Representations and Warranties. Franchisee hereby represents and warrants to McDonald’s that:
(i) Franchisee is the sole obligor/maker of the Note, (ii) Franchisee is not in default under the terms and
conditions of either the Note or the Franchise as of the date of this Agreement (and no condition exists that,
with the giving of notice or passage of time, would constitute a default under the terms and conditions of
the Note or the Franchise), (iii) the signatory of this document on behalf of Franchisee represents that he or
she is an officer or director of Franchisee and is duly authorized to execute this document on Franchisee’s
behalf, and (iv) Franchisee has the full right, power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement.
14. Termination. This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect from the date hereof until (i)
the Guaranty has been released by the Lender and the original returned to McDonald’s, and (ii) all of the
obligations of Franchisee under this Agreement then outstanding, including the reimbursement by
Franchisee of all OAP Amounts, have been paid. If any payments hereunder to McDonald’s by Franchisee
should for any reason be voidable or recoverable, in whole or in part, or McDonald’s is required for any
reason to refund or restore any payment, or any portion thereof, then Franchisee hereby agrees that as to
any such payment and all costs and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) of McDonald’s related thereto,
Franchisee’s liability hereunder shall be reinstated, regardless of whether or not this Agreement has been
previously terminated pursuant to the first sentence of this Section.
15. Governing Law. Franchisee hereby acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement and the
obligations hereunder are to be governed by and under the internal laws of the State of Illinois, without
regard to its conflicts of law rules. Franchisee agrees that any suit for the enforcement of this Agreement
may be brought in the courts of the State of Illinois or any Federal Court sitting therein and consents to the
non-exclusive jurisdiction of such court and to service of process in any such suit being made upon
Franchisee by mail at the Franchise restaurant location(s). Franchisee hereby waives any objection that it
may now or hereafter have to the venue of any such suit or any such court or that such suit was brought in
an inconvenient court.
16. Section Headings; Defined Terms. The various headings used in this Agreement are inserted for
convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretations of this Agreement or any provision
hereof.
17. Waivers, Amendments, Discharges. No provision or term of this Agreement may be waived,
amended or otherwise modified except by an agreement in writing signed by McDonald’s in the case of a
waiver, and, in the case of an amendment or other modification, by McDonald’s and Franchisee, and any
oral waiver, amendment or modification of any provision or term hereof shall be without authority and of
no force and effect. Any such waiver, amendment or modification shall be effective only in the specific
instances and for the purposes and to the extent therein specified.
18. Enforcement Costs. Franchisee shall pay McDonald’s immediately and without protest all costs

and expenses incurred by McDonald’s in exercising and/or enforcing its rights and remedies under this
Agreement (including, but without limitation, McDonald’s court costs, attorneys’ fees, and fees of its
financial advisors and consultants, whether incurred in litigation or not).
19. Further Assurances. Franchisee shall execute such documents and take such further actions as
may be required by McDonald’s to carry out the provisions of this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby.
20. Joint and Several Liability. The undersigned entities executing this Agreement as “Franchisee”
are jointly and severally liable for all obligations owed to McDonald’s under this Agreement.
21. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. FRANCHISEE AND McDONALD’S HEREBY WAIVE THEIR

RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON

4

OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER AGREEMENT ENTERED INTO IN
CONNECTION HEREWITH, OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREIN,
INCLUDING CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS, BREACH OF DUTY CLAIMS AND ALL
OTHER COMMON LAW OR STATUTORY CLAIMS. FRANCHISEE AND McDONALD’S
REPRESENT THAT EACH HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER AND EACH KNOWINGLY AND
VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS FOLLOWING CONSULTATION WITH
LEGAL COUNSEL. IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, A COPY OF THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE
FILED AS A WRITTEN CONSENT TO A TRIAL BY THE COURT.
22. Electronic Delivery; Counterparts. This Agreement, and any amendments hereto, may be
executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. Any such
counterpart, to the extent delivered by means of a facsimile machine or by .pdf, .tif, .gif, .jpeg or similar
attachment to electronic mail shall be treated in all manner and respects as an original executed counterpart
and shall be considered to have the same binding legal effect as if it were the original signed version thereof
delivered in person.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY BLANK]
[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

5

Intending to be legally bound, the parties to this Operator Assistance Program Agreement have executed it
the year and date written below.
FRANCHISEE(S)

By: ________________________________________
Individually, and on behalf of all legal entities
Name:
Title:
Date:

McDONALD’S USA, LLC
By: ________________________________________
Name: _____________________________________
Title: ______________________________________
Date: ______________________________________

6

EXHIBIT O
LIST OF AGENTS FOR SERVICE OF PROCESS
ALABAMA
Corporation Service Company, Inc.
641 South Lawrence Street
Montgomery, AL 36104

FLORIDA
Corporation Service Company
1201 Hays Street
Tallahassee, FL 32301

ALASKA
Corporation Service Company
8585 Old Dairy Road, Suite 208
Juneau, AK 99801

GEORGIA
Corporation Service Company
2 Sun Court, Suite #400
Peachtree Corners, GA 30092

ARIZONA
Corporation Service Company
7955 S. Priest Dr.
Suite 102
Tempe, AZ 85284

HAWAII
Commissioner of Securities
Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs
Business Registration Division
Securities Compliance Branch
335 Merchant Street, Room 203
Honolulu, HI 96813
and
Corporation Service Company
Pauahi Tower, Suite 1600
1003 Bishop Street
Honolulu, HI 96813

ARKANSAS
Corporation Service Company
300 Spring Building, Suite 900
300 S. Spring Street
Little Rock, AR 72201
CALIFORNIA
CSC-Lawyers Incorporating Service
2710 Gateway Oaks Dr., Suite 150N
Sacramento, CA 95833-3505
COLORADO
Corporation Service Company
1900 W. Littleton Boulevard
Littleton, CO 80120

IDAHO
Corporation Service Company
1305 12th Avenue Road
Nampa, ID 83686
ILLINOIS
Illinois Corporation Service Company
801 Adlai Stevenson Drive
Springfield, IL 62703

CONNECTICUT
Corporation Service Company
Goodwin Square
225 Asylum Street, 20th Floor
Hartford, CT 06103

INDIANA
Corporation Service Company
135 North Pennsylvania Street, Suite 1610
Indianapolis, IN 46204

DELAWARE
Corporation Service Company
251 Little Falls Drive
Wilmington, DE 19808

IOWA
Corporation Service Company
505 5th Avenue, Suite 729
Des Moines, IA 50309

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA
Corporation Service Company
1090 Vermont Avenue N.W.
Washington, DC 20005

1

EXHIBIT O – LIST OF AGENTS FOR SERVICE OF PROCESS (Continued)
KANSAS
Corporation Service Company
1100 SW Wanamaker Rd., Suite 103
Topeka, KS 66604
KENTUCKY
Corporation Service Company
421 West Main Street
Frankfort, KY 40601
LOUISIANA
Corporation Service Company
450 Laurel Street, 8th Floor
Baton Rouge, LA 70801
MAINE
Corporation Service Company
45 Memorial Circle
Augusta, ME 04330
MARYLAND
CSC-Lawyers Incorporating Service Company
7 St. Paul Street, Suite 820
Baltimore, MD 21202
MASSACHUSETTS
Corporation Service Company
84 State Street
Boston, MA 02109
MICHIGAN
CSC-Lawyers Incorporating Service (Company)
3410 Belle Chase Way, Suite 600
Lansing, MI 48911
MINNESOTA
Corporation Service Company
2780 Snelling Avenue N, Suite 101
Roseville, MN 55113
MISSISSIPPI
Corporation Service Company
109 Executive Drive, Suite 3
Madison, MS 39110
MISSOURI
CSC-Lawyers Incorporating Service Company
221 Bolivar Street
Jefferson City, MO 65101

MONTANA
Corporation Service Company
26 West Sixth Avenue
P.O. Box 1691
Helena, MT 59624-1691
NEBRASKA
CSC-Lawyers Incorporating Service Company
233 South 13th Street, Suite 1900
Lincoln, NE 68508
NEVADA
Corporation Service Company
112 North Curry Street
Carson City, NV 89703
NEW HAMPSHIRE
Corporation Service Company
10 Ferry Street, Suite 313
Concord, NH 03301
NEW JERSEY
Corporation Service Company
Princeton South Corporate Ctr, Suite 160
100 Charles Ewing Blvd
Ewing, NJ 08628
NEW MEXICO
Corporation Service Company
110 E. Broadway St.
Hobbs, NM 88240
NEW YORK
Corporation Service Company
80 State Street
Albany, NY 12207-2543
NORTH CAROLINA
Corporation Service Company
2626 Glenwood Avenue, Suite 550
Raleigh, NC 27608
NORTH DAKOTA
Corporation Service Company
418 N. 2nd Street
Bismarck, ND 58501

2

EXHIBIT O – LIST OF AGENTS FOR SERVICE OF PROCESS (Continued)
OHIO
Corporation Service Company
1160 Dublin Road, Suite 400
Columbus, OH 43215

UTAH
Corporation Service Company
15 West South Temple, Suite 600
Salt Lake City, UT 84101

OKLAHOMA
Corporation Service Company
10300 Greenbriar Place
Oklahoma City, OK 73159-7653

VERMONT
Corporation Service Company
100 N. Main Street, Suite 2
Barre, VT 05641

OREGON
Corporation Service Company
1127 Broadway Street NE, Suite 310
Salem, OR 97301

VIRGINIA
Corporation Service Company
100 Shockoe Slip, 2nd Floor
Richmond, VA 23219

PENNSYLVANIA
Corporation Service Company
2595 Interstate Drive, Suite 103
Harrisburg, PA 17110

WASHINGTON
Corporation Service Company
MC-CSC1, 300 Deschutes Way SW, Suite 208
Tumwater, WA 98501

RHODE ISLAND
Corporation Service Company
222 Jefferson Blvd., Suite 200
Warwick, RI 02888

WEST VIRGINIA
Corporation Service Company
808 Greenbrier Street
Charleston, WV 25311

SOUTH CAROLINA
Corporation Service Company
508 Meeting Street
West Columbia, SC 29169

WISCONSIN
Corporation Service Company
33 East Main Street, Suite 610
Madison, WI 53703

SOUTH DAKOTA
Division of Insurance
Securities Regulation
124 South Euclid, Suite 104
Pierre, SD 57501
and
Corporation Service Company
503 South Pierre Street
Pierre, SD 57501

WYOMING
Corporation Service Company
1821 Logan Avenue
Cheyenne, WY 82001

TENNESSEE
Corporation Service Company
2908 Poston Avenue
Nashville, TN 37203
TEXAS
Corporation Service Company
d/b/a CSC-Lawyers Incorporating Service Company
211 E. 7th Street, Suite 620
Austin, TX 78701-3218

3

EXHIBIT P
STATE ADMINISTRATORS
CALIFORNIA
Department of Financial Protection & Innovation
(866) 275-2677
Los Angeles
320 West 4th Street, Suite 750
Los Angeles, California 90013-2344
(213) 576-7500
Sacramento
2101 Arena Boulevard
Sacramento, California 95834
(916) 327-7585
San Diego
1455 Frazee Road, Suite 315
San Diego, California 92108
(619) 610-2093
San Francisco
One Sansome Street, Suite 600
San Francisco, California 94104-4428
(415) 972-8565
HAWAII
Commissioner of Securities
Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs
Business Registration Division
Securities Compliance Branch
335 Merchant Street, Room 203
Honolulu, HI 96813
(808) 586-2722
ILLINOIS
Franchise Bureau
Office of the Attorney General
500 South Second Street
Springfield, Illinois 62701
(217) 782-4465
INDIANA
Securities Division
Secretary of State
302 West Washington Street, Room E-111
Indianapolis, Indiana 46204
(317) 232-6681

MARYLAND
Securities Division
Office of the Attorney General
200 St. Paul Place
Baltimore, Maryland 21202-2020
(410) 576-6360
MICHIGAN
Franchise Section
Consumer Protection Division
Department of Attorney General
G. Mennen Williams Building, 1st Floor
525 West Ottawa Street
Lansing, Michigan 48906
(517) 335-7567
MINNESOTA
Minnesota Department of Commerce
Securities-Franchise Registration
85 7th Place East, Suite 280
St. Paul, Minnesota 55101-2198
(651) 539-1500
NEW YORK
Investor Protection Bureau
Office of the Attorney General
28 Liberty Street, 15th Floor
New York, New York 10005-1495
(212) 416-8222
NORTH DAKOTA
North Dakota Securities Department
600 East Boulevard Avenue
State Capitol, 14th Floor
Bismarck, North Dakota 58505-0510
(701) 328-2910
RHODE ISLAND
Securities Division
Department of Business Regulation
John O. Pastore Complex
1511 Pontiac Avenue, Building 69-1
Cranston, RI 02920
(401) 462-9500

1

EXHIBIT P – STATE ADMINISTRATORS (Continued)

SOUTH DAKOTA
Division of Insurance
Securities Regulation
124 South Euclid, 2nd Floor
Pierre, South Dakota 57501
(605) 773-3563
VIRGINIA
Division of Securities and Retail Franchising
State Corporation Commission
Tyler Building, 9th Floor
1300 E. Main Street
Richmond, Virginia 23219
(804) 371-9051
WASHINGTON
Securities Division
Department of Financial Institutions
P.O. Box 9033
Olympia, Washington 98507-9033
(360) 902-8760
WISCONSIN
Division of Securities
Department of Financial Institutions
4822 Madison Yards Way, North Tower
Madison, Wisconsin 53705
(608) 266-0448

2

EXHIBIT Q
McDONALD’S AFFILIATES
DATE OF FIRST
COMPANY OWNED DATE OF FIRST
ENTITY NAME
BUSINESS ADDRESS
RESTAURANT
FRANCHISE
McDonald’s Australia Limited
21-29 Central Ave., Thornleigh NSW 2120
12/30/71
9/12/72
Australia
McDonald’s Franchise GmbH
Campus 21, Liebermannstrasse A01601,
11/11/93
8/2/93
A-2345 Brunn am Gebirge, Austria
McDonald’s Restaurants of Canada Limited
1 McDonald’s Place, Toronto, Ontario,
2/5/71
6/1/67
Canada M3C 3L4
McDonald’s ČR spol. s r.o.
Radlická 740/113c, Praha 5, 158 00, Czech
3/20/92
8/1/96
Republic
McDonald’s France S.A.S.
1, rue Gustave Eiffel, 78280 Guyancourt
10/6/80
9/17/79
Cedex, France
McDonald’s System of France, LLC (French
1, rue Gustave Eiffel, 78280 Guyancourt
12/16/83
11/15/82
Branch)
Cedex, France
McDonald’s Deutschland LLC
Drygalski-Allee 51, 81477 Munich,
12/4/71
4/5/75
Zweigniederlassung München (German Branch) Germany
McDonald’s (Gibraltar) Limited
Suite 1, Burns House, 19 Town Range,
8/13/99
7/1/00
Gibraltar
McDonald’s Restaurants of Ireland Limited
23, Jervis Street, North City, Dublin 1, D01
10/3/96
5/9/77
TH72
McDonald’s Development Italy LLC
Centro Direzionale Milanofiori Nord, Via
10/15/85
3/20/86
(Italian Branch)
del Bosco Rinnovato, 6 - Edificio U7,
20057 Assago, (MI), Italy
McDonald’s Company (Japan), Ltd.
5-1, Nishi-Shinjuku 6-Chome, Shinjuku-ku,
7/20/71
2/1/76
Tokyo, Japan
McDonald’s Nederland B.V.
Stadsplateau 31-32, 3521 AZ, Utrecht, The
9/13/71
10/1/76
Netherlands
McDonald’s Restaurants (New Zealand)
302 Great South Road Greenlane,
6/7/76
11/27/84
Limited
Auckland, New Zealand
McDonald’s Polska Sp.zo.o
ul. Marynarska 15, 02-674, Warsaw, Poland
6/17/92
12/6/94
Sistemas McDonald’s Portugal Lda.
Sistemas McDonald’s Portugal, Lda.
7/12/96
5/23/91
Lagoas Park
Edificio 7 - Piso 2
2740 - 244 Porto Salvo, Portugal
McDonald’s Slovakia spol. s r.o.
Einsteinova 33, 851 01, Bratislava, Slovak
10/13/95
10/25/96
Republic
Restaurantes McDonald’s, S.A.U.
C/Basauri, 17, , Edificio Oasis, Modulo B3/9/81
6/5/85
1ª planta, Madrid 28023, Spain
McDonald’s Suisse Franchise Sàrl
Rue de Morges 23, 1023 Crissier,
10/20/76
7/2/79
Lausanne, Switzerland
McDonald’s Restaurants Limited
11-59 High Road, East Finchley, London
10/10/74
6/12/86
N2 8AW United Kingdom
MCD Global Franchising Limited
Cordy House, 91 Curtain Road, Shoreditch,
None
11/30/2016
London EC2A 3BS, United Kingdom
McDonald’s Latin America, LLC
110 N. Carpenter Street, Chicago, Illinois
None
9/16/91
60607 USA

1

EXHIBIT R
LIST OF FRANCHISED RESTAURANTS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2024
NAME
MICHAEL DAVIDSON
MICHAEL DAVIDSON
MICHAEL DAVIDSON
MICHAEL DAVIDSON
MICHAEL DAVIDSON
MICHAEL DAVIDSON
MICHAEL DAVIDSON
MICHAEL DAVIDSON
MICHAEL DAVIDSON
MICHAEL DAVIDSON
MICHAEL DAVIDSON
MICHAEL DAVIDSON
MICHAEL DAVIDSON
MICHAEL DAVIDSON
MICHAEL DAVIDSON
FRANK BESSASPARIS
FRANK BESSASPARIS
FRANK BESSASPARIS
JOHN MCDONALD
MICHAEL A WHITE
JOHN MCDONALD
MICHAEL A WHITE
MICHAEL DAVIDSON
FRANK BESSASPARIS
MICHAEL DAVIDSON
JOHN MCDONALD
MICHAEL DAVIDSON
GERARD F MURPHY JR.
TIMOTHY WILSON
MICHAEL J VALLUZZO
MICHAEL J VALLUZZO
DAVID NEISLER
ASHLEY MINOR
GERARD F MURPHY JR.
JAMIE BLACK
JASON A BLACK
JASON A BLACK
ASHLEY MINOR
GINA MARIE WOLFE
MERRY NEISLER
STEVEN A JOHNSON
STEVEN A JOHNSON
CYNTHIA D SAMOUR
CYNTHIA D SAMOUR
WILLIAM R HAMILTON, JR.
MALCOLM MARSHALL
MARCUS MARSHALL
MARCUS MARSHALL
CYNTHIA D SAMOUR
JASON A BLACK
JASON A BLACK
LARRY D THORNTON
JAMIE BLACK
JAMIE BLACK
JASON A BLACK
ASHLEY MINOR
LARRY D THORNTON
MICHAEL J VALLUZZO
MICHAEL J VALLUZZO
MICHAEL J VALLUZZO
NICHOLAS J VALLUZZO
NICHOLAS J VALLUZZO
NICHOLAS J VALLUZZO
NICHOLAS J VALLUZZO
NICHOLAS J VALLUZZO
JASON A BLACK
MARC A O'FERRALL
STEVE A MURRAY
NICHOLAS J VALLUZZO
JOHN M MCFARLAND, JR.
ASHLEY MINOR
JAMIE BLACK
DAVID NEISLER
GREGG DESCHER
AUSTIN A ROGERS, III
AUGUSTINE ESTRADA, III
RICHARD P HANNA
STEVEN A JOHNSON
STEVEN A JOHNSON
STEVEN A JOHNSON
DAVID NEISLER
GERARD F MURPHY JR.
CYNTHIA D SAMOUR
CYNTHIA D SAMOUR
TIMOTHY WILSON
TIMOTHY WILSON
TIMOTHY WILSON
TIMOTHY WILSON
STEVEN A JOHNSON
STEVE A MURRAY

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
800 W NORTHERN LIGHTS, ANCHORAGE, AK 99503-3713
5716 DEBARR RD, ANCHORAGE, AK 99504-2306
2601 TUDOR RD, ANCHORAGE, AK 99503-1133
1320 HUFFMAN BLVD, ANCHORAGE, AK 99515-3566
701 E 36TH AVE, ANCHORAGE, AK 99503-4141
3828 DIMOND BLVD, ANCHORAGE, AK 99502
3006 MOUNTAIN VIEW DR, ANCHORAGE, AK 99501-3105
4350 SPENARD RD, ANCHORAGE, AK 99517
255 MULDOON RD, ANCHORAGE, AK 99504
3035 MULDOON RD, ANCHORAGE, AK 99504
9100 LAKE OTIS PKWY, ANCHORAGE, AK 99515
8915 OLD SEWARD HWY, ANCHORAGE, AK 99515
ANCHORAGE AIRPORT - ANC, ANCHORAGE, AK 99502
1166 NORTH MULDOON ROAD, ANCHORAGE, AK 99504
11808 OLD GLENN HWY, EAGLE RIVER, AK 99577-7797
1930 AIRPORT WAY, FAIRBANKS, AK 99701-4092
3905 GEIST RD, FAIRBANKS, AK 99709-3551
449 HAROLD BENTLEY AVE, FAIRBANKS, AK 99701
3656 BEN WALTERS LN, HOMER, AK 99603-7702
2285 TROUT ST, JUNEAU, AK 99801-8036
10447 SPUR HWY, KENAI, AK 99611-7812
2417 TONGASS AVE, KETCHIKAN, AK 99901
209 THORSHEIM AVE, KODIAK, AK 99615-6036
352 N SANTA CLAUS LN, NORTH POLE, AK 99705-6053
600 DARON DR, PALMER, AK 99645-6522
44420 STERLING HWY, SOLDOTNA, AK 99669
801 E PARKS HWY, WASILLA, AK 99654-8105
2716 US HIGHWAY 431 SOUTH, ABBEVILLE, AL 36310
1493 1ST AVE N, ALABASTER, AL 35007
205 S COLONIAL DR, ALABASTER, AL 35007-4691
7375 HWY 431, ALBERTVILLE, AL 35950
4094 HWY 280, ALEXANDER CITY, AL 35010
87134 US 278, ALTOONA, AL 35952
315 US HWY 84 BY-PASS WEST, ANDALUSIA, AL 36421
1901 QUINTARD AVE, ANNISTON, AL 36201
5550 MCCLELLAN BLVD, ANNISTON, AL 36206
3424 GREEN BRIER DEAR DR, ANNISTON, AL 36207
700 N BRINDLEE MOUNTAIN PKWY, ARAB, AL 35016-1067
26862 MAIN ST, ARDMORE, AL 35739
83690 HWY 9, ASHLAND, AL 36251
103 HWY 31 N, ATHENS, AL 35611
1529 HWY 72 E, ATHENS, AL 35611
1414 S MAIN ST, ATMORE, AL 36502
5995 HWY 21, ATMORE, AL 36502
610 CLEVELAND AVE, ATTALLA, AL 35954
224 W MAGNOLIA ST, AUBURN, AL 36830
1634 OPELIKA HWY, AUBURN, AL 36830
2372 COLLEGE STREET, AUBURN, AL 36830
98 MC MEANS AVE, BAY MINETTE, AL 36507
1195 GREENMOR DR, BESSEMER, AL 35022-6445
765 ACADEMY DR, BESSEMER, AL 35022-5276
911 9TH AVE N, BESSEMER, AL 35020
1309 FORESTDALE BLVD, BIRMINGHAM, AL 35214
4625 HWY 280 S, BIRMINGHAM, AL 35242
2640 VALLEY DALE RD, BIRMINGHAM, AL 35244
1960 EDWARDS LAKE RD, BIRMINGHAM, AL 35235
801 DENNISON AVE, BIRMINGHAM, AL 35211
2733 8TH AVE, BIRMINGHAM, AL 35233
732 LOMB AVE, BIRMINGHAM, AL 35211
1907 CENTER POINT RD, BIRMINGHAM, AL 35215
1569 MONTCLAIR RD, BIRMINGHAM, AL 35210
218 GADSDEN HWY, BIRMINGHAM, AL 35235
2201 BESSEMER HWY, BIRMINGHAM, AL 35208
1501 5TH AVENUE S, BIRMINGHAM, AL 35203
861 HWY 431 S, BOAZ, AL 35957
10671 HWY 5, BRENT, AL 35034
464 SOUTH BLVD, BREWTON, AL 36426
221 EAST PUSHMATAHA STREET, BUTLER, AL 36904
706 SUPERCENTER DR, CALERA, AL 35040
20890 HIGHWAY 43, CALVERT, AL 36560
650 CEDAR BLUFF RD, CENTRE, AL 35960
16758 US HWY 280, CHELSEA, AL 35043
33785 US HWY 280, CHILDERSBURG, AL 35044-3017
19355 3RD STREET, CITRONELLE, AL 36522
2250 7TH ST S, CLANTON, AL 35045
301 W COLLEGE ST, COLUMBIANA, AL 35051-9401
6501 INTERSTATE LN, COTTONDALE, AL 35453
1425 2ND AVE SW, CULLMAN, AL 35055
6065 AL HWY 157, CULLMAN, AL 35057
497 COUNTY ROAD 222, CULLMAN, AL 35055
17956 HWY 280, DADEVILLE, AL 36853
575 N DALEVILLE AVE, DALEVILLE, AL 36322
29138 US HIGHWAY 98, DAPHNE, AL 36526
29919 WOODROW LANE, DAPHNE, AL 36526
1208 6TH AVE SE, DECATUR, AL 35601
2225 DANVILLE RD SW, DECATUR, AL 35601
3010 ALABAMA HWY 20 NW, DECATUR, AL 35601
2820 SPRING AVE SW, DECATUR, AL 35603
3342 POINT MALLARD PKY, DECATUR, AL 35601
1111 WALNUT ST, DEMOPOLIS, AL 36732

TELEPHONE
907-561-5525
907-333-0413
907-562-2108
907-345-5932
907-563-0658
907-248-0597
907-274-5686
907-243-5122
907-337-0810
907-338-7377
907-349-0285
907-344-4231
907-243-0085
907-333-0006
907-694-4500
907-452-4600
907-474-2010
907-451-0770
907-235-5400
907-789-4653
907-283-4008
907-225-1704
907-486-3030
907-488-7779
907-746-0335
907-262-1074
907-376-4642
334-585-0715
205-664-3761
205-621-2807
256-878-6755
256-329-1283
205-466-5211
334-222-7875
256-236-5224
256-820-0038
256-832-4543
256-586-8792
256-423-3663
256-354-2339
256-233-1275
256-232-1927
251-368-2267
251-368-9753
256-538-1107
334-821-7185
334-821-5303
334-502-8900
251-937-2611
205-425-6200
205-425-4727
205-428-9768
205-798-2896
205-991-3086
205-408-7448
205-661-9282
205-323-5387
205-324-5892
205-787-6245
205-854-4362
205-956-9666
205-833-5149
205-780-5841
205-933-1650
256-593-1015
205-926-6186
251-867-4540
205-459-3399
205-668-7588
251-829-4185
256-927-4200
205-678-0505
256-378-5977
251-866-0620
205-755-8411
205-669-7710
205-507-0700
256-734-4073
256-734-4258
256-385-8810
256-825-8744
334-598-6072
251-621-3596
251-626-9909
256-353-8911
256-350-7083
256-355-7651
334-564-6194
256-584-6886
334-289-3069

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
STEVEN A JOHNSON
BARRY DEGONZAGUE
GERARD F MURPHY JR.
GERARD F MURPHY JR.
GERARD F MURPHY JR.
GERARD F MURPHY JR.
GERARD F MURPHY JR.
GERARD F MURPHY JR.
GERARD F MURPHY JR.
GERARD F MURPHY JR.
GERARD F MURPHY JR.
MARC A O'FERRALL
CYNTHIA D SAMOUR
STEVEN A JOHNSON
RICHARD P HANNA
MARC A O'FERRALL
DAVID FIELDS
DAVID FIELDS
DAVID FIELDS
DAVID FIELDS
CYNTHIA D SAMOUR
MARC A O'FERRALL
DAVID L BLEDSOE
BARRY DEGONZAGUE
WILLIAM R HAMILTON, JR.
WILLIAM R HAMILTON, JR.
WILLIAM R HAMILTON, JR.
AUGUSTINE ESTRADA, III
GERARD F MURPHY JR.
WILLIAM R HAMILTON, JR.
KRISELYN B SWALLEY
GERARD F MURPHY JR.
WILLIAM E BARNES, IV
CYNTHIA D SAMOUR
MICHAEL J VALLUZZO
PHILLIP C BIRD
PHILLIP C BIRD
BARRY DEGONZAGUE
STEVEN A JOHNSON
TIMOTHY WILSON
DAVID NEISLER
JASON A BLACK
ALEX GOODWIN
LARRY THORNTON, JR.
NICHOLAS J VALLUZZO
JAMIE BLACK
RICHARD P HANNA
NICHOLAS J VALLUZZO
GERARD F MURPHY JR.
JAMIE BLACK
STEVEN A JOHNSON
STEVEN A JOHNSON
STEVEN A JOHNSON
STEVEN A JOHNSON
STEVEN A JOHNSON
STEVEN A JOHNSON
STEVEN A JOHNSON
STEVEN A JOHNSON
STEVEN A JOHNSON
WILLIAM E BARNES, IV
WILLIAM E BARNES, IV
MERRY NEISLER
BARRY DEGONZAGUE
BARRY DEGONZAGUE
MICHAEL J VALLUZZO
DAVID FIELDS
ASHLEY MINOR
TIMOTHY WILSON
STEVE A MURRAY
CYNTHIA D SAMOUR
GERARD F MURPHY JR.
STEVEN A JOHNSON
STEVEN A JOHNSON
STEVEN A JOHNSON
STEVEN A JOHNSON
MICHAEL D HILL
MICHAEL D HILL
STEVEN A JOHNSON
MICHAEL J VALLUZZO
CHARLES JOSEPH ROGERS
WILLIAM E BARNES, IV
WILLIAM E BARNES, IV
WILLIAM E BARNES, IV
WILLIAM E BARNES, IV
WILLIAM E BARNES, IV
WILLIAM E BARNES, IV
WILLIAM E BARNES, IV
WILLIAM E BARNES, IV
JOHN M MCFARLAND, JR.
JOHN M MCFARLAND, JR.

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
231 AL HWY 69 S, DODGE CITY, AL 35077
2445 HWY 78, DORA, AL 35062
3520 ROSS CLARK CIR, DOTHAN, AL 36303
2101 ROSS CLARK CIR, DOTHAN, AL 36301
619 W MAIN ST, DOTHAN, AL 36303
1081 ROSS CLARK CIR, DOTHAN, AL 36301
2251 REEVES ST, DOTHAN, AL 36303
4740 W MAIN ST, DOTHAN, AL 36303
5001 MONTGOMERY HIGHWAY, DOTHAN, AL 36303
652 BOLL WEEVIL NO, ENTERPRISE, AL 36330
1250 S EUFAULA ST, EUFAULA, AL 36027
130 INDUSTRIAL PARK RD, EVERGREEN, AL 36401-9539
111 GREENO RD N, FAIRHOPE, AL 36532
64 E PIKE ROAD, FALKVILLE, AL 35622
1421 N TEMPLE AVE, FAYETTE, AL 35555-1314
80 HWY 113, FLOMATON, AL 36441
306 COX CREEK PKY, FLORENCE, AL 35630
1505 FLORENCE BLVD, FLORENCE, AL 35630
1155 N WOOD AVE, FLORENCE, AL 35630
3183 CLOVERDALE RD, FLORENCE, AL 35630
1010 S MCKENZIE ST, FOLEY, AL 36535-1922
1295 WALK MAGNOLIA DR, FOLEY, AL 36535
205 GLENN BLVD SW, FORT PAYNE, AL 35967
239 HOWELL STREET, FULTONDALE, AL 35068
200 N 12TH ST, GADSDEN, AL 35901
952 RAINBOW DR, GADSDEN, AL 35901
101 ENTERPRISE DRIVE, GADSDEN, AL 35904
1017 DECATUR HWY, GARDENDALE, AL 35071
1205 W MAPLE AVE, GENEVA, AL 36340
616 W CHASTAIN BOULEVARD, GLENCOE, AL 35904
9200 GRAND BAY WILMER ROAD, GRAND BAY, AL 36541
112 GREENVILLE BYP, GREENVILLE, AL 36037
16455 HWY 43, GROVE HILL, AL 36451
2000 GULFSHORES PKY, GULF SHORES, AL 36542
1745 GUNTER AVE, GUNTERSVILLE, AL 35976
2006 11TH AVE, HALEYVILLE, AL 35565
1394 MILITARY STREET S, HAMILTON, AL 35570-8702
740 MAIN ST, HANCEVILLE, AL 35077
201 HWY 31 S, HARTSELLE, AL 35640
5904 HIGHWAY 53, HARVEST, AL 35749
1816 ALMON STREET, HEFLIN, AL 36264
7210 WYNDHAM PKWY, HELENA, AL 35080-3457
8936 ALABAMA HIGHWAY 40, HENAGAR, AL 35978
124 STATE FARM PKY, HOMEWOOD, AL 35242
818 GREEN SPRINGS RD, HOMEWOOD, AL 35209
1731 MONTGOMERY HWY, HOOVER, AL 35244
5170 MEDFORD DRIVE, HOOVER, AL 35226
1547 MONTGOMERY HWY, HOOVER, AL 35216
40 WASDEN RD, HOPE HULL, AL 36043
3069 ALLISON BONNETT MEMORIAL DR, HUEYTOWN, AL 35023
2704 S MEMORIAL PARKWAY, HUNTSVILLE, AL 35801-5631
2600 N MEMORIAL PKY, HUNTSVILLE, AL 35810
4002 UNIVERSITY DR, HUNTSVILLE, AL 35816
10031 S MEMORIAL PKY, HUNTSVILLE, AL 35803
4810 WHITEBURG DR, HUNTSVILLE, AL 35802
6100 UNIVERSITY DR NW, HUNTSVILLE, AL 35816
1795 US HWY 72 E, HUNTSVILLE, AL 35811
2234 WINCHESTER ROAD, HUNTSVILLE, AL 35811
2268 ZIERDT ROAD, HUNTSVILLE, AL 35824
8660 HWY 188, IRVINGTON, AL 36544
2455 COLLEGE AVE, JACKSON, AL 36545-2458
312 PELHAM RD N, JACKSONVILLE, AL 36265
600 HWY 78 E, JASPER, AL 35501
83 CARL CANNON BLVD, JASPER, AL 35501
24712 US HWY 31, JEMISON, AL 35085-4428
1001 HWY 72, KILLEN, AL 35645
1724 ASHEVILLE RD, LEEDS, AL 35094
75280 ALABAMA HWY 77, LINCOLN, AL 35096
704 HWY 28 WEST, LIVINGSTON, AL 35470
12593 N HICKORY ST, LOXLEY, AL 36551-3131
778 S FOREST AVE, LUVERNE, AL 36049
8841 MADISON BLVD, MADISON, AL 35758
8005 HWY 72 W, MADISON, AL 35758
11178 COUNTY LINE ROAD, MADISON, AL 35758
7161 WALL TRIANA HWY, MADISON, AL 35757
4746 EASTERN VALLEY RD, MCCALLA, AL 35111
22183 HIGHWAY 216, MCCALLA, AL 35111
11895 HIGHWAY 231-431 NORTH, MERIDIANVILLE, AL 35759
11 PHILLIPS DR, MIDFIELD, AL 35228
3755 HWY 14, MILLBROOK, AL 36054
3119 MOFFET RD, MOBILE, AL 36607-1703
658 GOVERNMENT BLVD, MOBILE, AL 36602
5003 MOFFETT RD, MOBILE, AL 36618
5424 HWY 90 W, MOBILE, AL 36619
281 SCHILLINGER RD, MOBILE, AL 36608
2291 ST STEPHENS RD, MOBILE, AL 36617
9900 AIRPORT BLVD, MOBILE, AL 36608
3213 AIRPORT BLVD, MOBILE, AL 36606
2692 GOVERNMENT ST, MOBILE, AL 36606
367 AZALEA RD, MOBILE, AL 36609

2

TELEPHONE
256-287-9543
205-648-3673
334-792-0313
334-794-0221
334-793-1625
334-677-0779
334-702-8338
334-671-2369
334-983-1268
334-347-3417
334-687-6686
251-578-3797
251-990-8833
256-784-9661
205-932-8882
251-296-2999
256-764-2800
256-766-4341
256-766-9550
256-740-6797
251-943-6960
251-970-2121
256-845-0127
205-841-0002
256-547-0393
256-547-0284
256-538-7580
205-631-5459
334-684-6409
256-492-7682
251-865-2088
334-382-2007
251-471-9007
251-967-3700
256-582-2805
205-486-5859
205-921-4323
256-352-2120
256-773-7760
256-851-5671
256-463-8888
205-620-6679
256-657-3090
205-917-3700
205-942-5681
205-987-8263
205-982-6741
205-979-2386
334-280-4790
205-491-5951
256-535-6064
256-852-5730
256-837-3970
256-883-9050
256-880-3763
256-895-0143
256-859-1630
256-382-2342
256-774-5544
251-824-1810
251-246-5044
256-435-1354
205-221-9777
205-221-4120
205-688-1975
256-757-4040
205-699-7080
205-763-0930
205-652-1270
251-964-4155
334-335-5235
256-772-0099
256-722-9584
256-772-7766
256-430-6100
205-477-1003
205-477-5007
256-828-4555
205-923-4859
334-285-4554
251-473-3160
251-433-8573
251-342-1560
251-666-0261
251-633-7766
251-452-1207
251-634-0833
251-471-9007
251-478-7004
251-344-5076

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
JOHN M MCFARLAND, JR.
JOHN M MCFARLAND, JR.
JOHN M MCFARLAND, JR.
JOHN M MCFARLAND, JR.
JOHN M MCFARLAND, JR.
JOHN M MCFARLAND, JR.
KRISELYN B SWALLEY
WILLIAM E BARNES, IV
JASON A BLACK
GERARD F MURPHY JR.
GERARD F MURPHY JR.
GERARD F MURPHY JR.
GERARD F MURPHY JR.
GERARD F MURPHY JR.
GERARD F MURPHY JR.
GERARD F MURPHY JR.
GERARD F MURPHY JR.
GERARD F MURPHY JR.
AUSTIN A ROGERS, III
AUSTIN A ROGERS, III
ASHLEY MINOR
STEVEN A JOHNSON
CHAD GRAY
RICHARD P HANNA
RICHARD P HANNA
ASHLEY MINOR
MALCOLM MARSHALL
MALCOLM MARSHALL
CYNTHIA D SAMOUR
STEVEN A JOHNSON
JAMIE BLACK
GERARD F MURPHY JR.
TIMOTHY WILSON
ASHLEY MINOR
JAMES A ABBATE
JAMES A ABBATE
JAMES A ABBATE
JAMES A ABBATE
MERRY NEISLER
ASHLEY MINOR
AUSTIN A ROGERS, III
AUSTIN A ROGERS, III
AUSTIN A ROGERS, III
WILLIAM E BARNES, IV
DAVID L BLEDSOE
ROBERT C TOMEY
MERRY NEISLER
MARC A O'FERRALL
DAVID FIELDS
PHILIP GRAY
TIMOTHY R SELLS
TIMOTHY R SELLS
NICHOLAS J VALLUZZO
GERARD F MURPHY JR.
JAMES A ABBATE
PHILIP GRAY
MARCUS MARSHALL
ANDREW HAMILTON
ASHLEY MINOR
ALEX GOODWIN
DAVID NEISLER
ASHLEY MINOR
GERARD F MURPHY JR.
TIMOTHY WILSON
WILLIAM E BARNES, IV
WILLIAM E BARNES, IV
WILLIAM E BARNES, IV
GERARD F MURPHY JR.
ASHLEY MINOR
BARRY DEGONZAGUE
BARRY DEGONZAGUE
BARRY DEGONZAGUE
BARRY DEGONZAGUE
RICHARD P HANNA
RICHARD HANNA, JR.
CLARK GRAY
MICHAEL WALDRAM
MARCUS MARSHALL
GERARD F MURPHY JR.
ROBERT C TOMEY
JAMIE BLACK
MICHAEL J VALLUZZO
MICHAEL D HILL
CHARLES JOSEPH ROGERS
PHILLIP C BIRD
JAMES K HADLEY
CHRISTOPHER R SPARKS
ANDI HILBURN VAINI
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
BRADLEY E ALLEN

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
5601 OLD SHELL RD, MOBILE, AL 36608-3040
3116 DAUPHIN ISLAND PKY, MOBILE, AL 36605
2 SPRINGDALE BLVD, MOBILE, AL 36606
5019 COTTAGE HILL RD, MOBILE, AL 36693
2415 SCHILLINGER RD SOUTH, MOBILE, AL 36695
7749 MOFFETT RD, MOBILE, AL 36618
1400 HILCREST RD, MOBILE, AL 36695
1511 S ALABAMA AVE, MONROEVILLE, AL 36460
907 MAIN ST, MONTEVALLO, AL 35115-3847
2212 MADISON AVE, MONTGOMERY, AL 36107
935 W SOUTHERN BLVD, MONTGOMERY, AL 36105
5765 ATLANTA HWY, MONTGOMERY, AL 36117
2681 ZELDA ROAD, MONTGOMERY, AL 36107-3143
2750 TAYLOR RD, MONTGOMERY, AL 36117
2601 CONGRESSMAN DICKINSON DR, MONTGOMERY, AL 36105
9145 EASTCHASE PKWY, MONTGOMERY, AL 36117
700 W FAIRVIEW AVE, MONTGOMERY, AL 36105
1590 EASTERN BLVD, MONTGOMERY, AL 36106
2621 E SOUTH BLVD, MONTGOMERY, AL 36116
3450 DAY STREET, MONTGOMERY, AL 36108-2118
2625 KELLY CREEK ROAD SOUTH, MOODY, AL 35004
11698 HWY 157, MOULTON, AL 35650
1503 WOODWARD AVE, MUSCLE SHOALS, AL 35661
2000 82 BY-PASS, NORTHPORT, AL 35476
13516 HWY 43 N, NORTHPORT, AL 35475
718 2ND AVE E, ONEONTA, AL 35121
1104 COLUMBUS PKY, OPELIKA, AL 36801
2057 TIGER TOWN PKWY, OPELIKA, AL 36801
4511 ORANGE BEACH BLVD, ORANGE BEACH, AL 36561
6711 S US HWY 431 S, OWENS CROSS RDS, AL 35763
1015 HWY 21 S, OXFORD, AL 36201
1001 US HWY 231, OZARK, AL 36360
580 CAHABA VALLEY RD, PELHAM, AL 35124
600 MARTIN ST N, PELL CITY, AL 35125
1134 280 BY-PASS, PHENIX CITY, AL 36867
1801 STADIUM DR, PHENIX CITY, AL 36867
3915 US HWY 80, PHENIX CITY, AL 36867
3709 HIGHWAY 431 N, PHENIX CITY, AL 36867
111 US HWY 278 BYP E, PIEDMONT, AL 36272
6639 HWY 151, PINSON, AL 35126
720 S MEMORIAL DR, PRATTVILLE, AL 36067
2573 COBBS FORD RD, PRATTVILLE, AL 36066
290 INTERSTATE COMMERCIAL PARK LOOP, PRATTVILLE, AL 36066
2963 SAINT STEPHENS RD, PRICHARD, AL 36610-1249
32 MAIN ST W, RAINSVILLE, AL 35986
606 4TH AVE SE, RED BAY, AL 35582
111 ROCK MILLS RD, ROANOKE, AL 36274
18515 MEDIA DRIVE, ROBERTSDALE, AL 36567
101 HWY 72 E, ROGERSVILLE, AL 35652
15254 HWY 43, RUSSELLVILLE, AL 35653
1024 HWY 43 S, SARALAND, AL 36571-3611
6103 HWY 43 N, SATSUMA, AL 36572
22943 JOHN T REID PKY, SCOTTSBORO, AL 35768
600 HIGHLAND AVE, SELMA, AL 36701
2920 20TH AVENUE, SHAWMUT, AL 36854
4201 JACKSON HWY, SHEFFIELD, AL 35660
431 N MAIN STREET, SHORTER, AL 36075
2070 AL HWY 77, SOUTHSIDE, AL 35907
431 MARIETTA RD, SPRINGVILLE, AL 35146
43151 US HWY 72, STEVENSON, AL 35772
701 W FORT WILLIAMS ST, SYLACAUGA, AL 35150-2441
110 HAYNES ST, TALLADEGA, AL 35160
14 GILMER AVE, TALLASSEE, AL 36078
2116 PINSON VALLEY PKY, TARRANT CITY, AL 35217
7040 THEODORE DAWES RD, THEODORE, AL 36582
5827 HWY 90 W, THEODORE, AL 36582
33311 HIGHWAY 43, THOMASVILLE, AL 36784-1617
1126 US HWY 231 BYP, TROY, AL 36081
1111 CHALKVILLE RD, TRUSSVILLE, AL 35173
4711 MCFARLAND BLVD E, TUSCALOOSA, AL 35401
521 15TH ST E, TUSCALOOSA, AL 35401
6701 HWY 69 S, TUSCALOOSA, AL 35405
4222 UNIVERSITY BLVD E, TUSCALOOSA, AL 35404
2502 12TH ST, TUSCALOOSA, AL 35401
4840 RICE MINE RD NE, TUSCALOOSA, AL 35406
2048 HWY 20, TUSCUMBIA, AL 35674
412 US 43, TUSCUMBIA, AL 35674
401 W MARTIN LUTHER KING HWY, TUSKEGEE, AL 36083
201 E CONECUH, UNION SPRINGS, AL 36089
44345 HWY 17, VERNON, AL 35592
707 MONTGOMERY HWY, VESTAVIA HILLS, AL 35216
2427 ACTON RD, VESTAVIA HILLS, AL 35243
100 CANE CREEK RD, WARRIOR, AL 35180
5426 US HWY 231, WETUMPKA, AL 36092-3139
2300 US HWY 43, WINFIELD, AL 35594
247 HIGHWAY 71, ALMA, AR 72921-3204
3114 PINE ST, ARKADELPHIA, AR 71923
219 US HWY 62 (WM #160), ASH FLAT, AR 72513
1260 CONSTITUTION AVE, ASHDOWN, AR 71822
1202 N CHURCH STREET, ATKINS, AR 72823

3

TELEPHONE
251-342-8172
251-478-5390
251-471-1508
251-661-5998
251-634-1378
251-649-2215
251-607-0014
251-575-2929
205-665-1335
334-265-3615
334-281-0635
334-277-0151
334-263-9596
334-270-9878
334-260-7975
334-593-3036
334-264-8814
334-272-8908
334-288-7558
334-834-4310
205-699-0736
256-974-4526
256-381-2211
205-339-8887
205-330-2547
205-274-8700
334-749-5648
334-745-0200
251-974-2663
256-539-1013
256-831-7561
334-774-4996
205-988-0882
205-338-1616
334-298-2439
334-297-1112
334-664-0064
607-722-7414
256-447-6363
205-680-4100
334-365-0838
334-285-4010
334-365-1080
251-452-4836
256-638-1177
256-356-2911
334-863-4000
251-947-9406
256-247-3330
256-332-6564
251-675-2304
251-679-6709
256-259-2660
334-526-4379
334-768-2525
256-383-2726
334-724-0180
256-442-2811
205-467-2054
256-437-3148
256-249-4611
256-362-2448
334-283-3991
205-849-5577
251-653-7099
251-653-5225
334-637-0101
334-566-5874
205-655-2334
205-752-1212
205-759-4561
205-349-5371
205-553-8030
205-752-4813
205-345-0045
256-381-8485
256-314-1411
334-727-7157
334-738-5700
205-695-0752
205-979-1132
205-979-8001
205-590-1183
334-567-7732
205-487-3110
479-632-5284
870-246-2443
870-994-7818
870-898-2357
479-641-1177

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
DAVID L STOKES
CHRISTOPHER BUCKLIEW
DAVID L STOKES
ELIECER PALACIOS
ELIECER PALACIOS
ELIECER PALACIOS
BILL MATHEWS
BILL MATHEWS
BILL MATHEWS
BILL MATHEWS
BILL MATHEWS
DENA L QUERTERMOUS
MICHAEL J HADLEY
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.
CHRISTOPHER BUCKLIEW
ELIECER PALACIOS
DAVID L STOKES
DAVID L STOKES
CHRISTOPHER R SPARKS
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
BILL MATHEWS
MICHAEL J STRONG
CHRISTOPHER BUCKLIEW
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
DARREN SELLS
TONY E GILLEY
BRADLEY E ALLEN
JONATHAN BAUER
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
TONY E GILLEY
TONY E GILLEY
BILL MATHEWS
BILL MATHEWS
BILL MATHEWS
BILL MATHEWS
BILL MATHEWS
BILL MATHEWS
BILL MATHEWS
BILL MATHEWS
BILL MATHEWS
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
ALEX MADISON
JAMES K HADLEY
JAMES K HADLEY
JAMES K HADLEY
MICHAEL J HADLEY
MICHAEL J HADLEY
MICHAEL J HADLEY
MICHAEL J HADLEY
ANDI HILBURN VAINI
BILL MATHEWS
JONATHAN BAUER
DAVID L STOKES
MICHAEL J HADLEY
ANDI HILBURN VAINI
GREGORY L MADISON
JAY HERRIN
BILL MATHEWS
CHRISTOPHER BUCKLIEW
CHRISTOPHER R SPARKS
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
BILL MATHEWS
DAVID L STOKES
DAVID L STOKES
CHRISTOPHER BUCKLIEW
CHRISTOPHER BUCKLIEW
CHRISTOPHER BUCKLIEW
CHRISTOPHER BUCKLIEW
TONY E GILLEY
SUKHWINDER BRAR
ELIECER PALACIOS
ELIECER PALACIOS
ELIECER PALACIOS
ELIECER PALACIOS
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
3715 HWY 367 N, BALD KNOB, AR 72010
1220 S SAINT LOUIS, BATESVILLE, AR 72501
2415 W CENTER ST, BEEBE, AR 72012
1023 MILITARY RD, BENTON, AR 72015-2908
20726 INTERSTATE 30, BENTON, AR 72019
4720 HWY 67, BENTON, AR 72015
201 S WALTON BLVD, BENTONVILLE, AR 72712-5701
1401 PHYLLIS ST, BENTONVILLE, AR 72712
3805 US 71 HIGHWAY, BENTONVILLE, AR 72758
805 SW REGIONAL AIRPORT BLVD, BENTONVILLE, AR 72712
1002 W TRIMBLE AVE, BERRYVILLE, AR 72616
1031 EAST MAIN STREET, BLYTHEVILLE, AR 72315-9802
110 EAST MAIN STREET, BOONEVILLE, AR 72927-3735
1406 N MAIN ST, BRINKLEY, AR 72021
8080 HWY 49 N, BROOKLAND, AR 72417
2214 N REYNOLDS, BRYANT, AR 72022
1001 W MAIN ST, CABOT, AR 72023
3195 BILL FOSTER MEMORIAL HIGHWAY, CABOT, AR 72023
145 VALLEY STREET, CADDO VALLEY, AR 71923
900 CALIFORNIA AVE SW, CAMDEN, AR 71701
101 E CENTERTON BLVD, CENTERTON, AR 72719
1232 S ROGERS AVE, CLARKSVILLE, AR 72830-9159
395 HIGHWAY 65 N, CLINTON, AR 72031
220 E OAK ST, CONWAY, AR 72032-4683
450 HWY 65 N, CONWAY, AR 72032-3507
705 SALEM ROAD, CONWAY, AR 72034
1440 DAVE WARD DRIVE, CONWAY, AR 72034
201 N MISSOURI AVE, CORNING, AR 72422
105 UNITY ROAD, CROSSETT, AR 71635
611 UNION STREET, DARDANELLE, AR 72834
606 E COLLIN RAYE DR, DE QUEEN, AR 71832-4138
601 HWY 65 S, DUMAS, AR 71639
501 S TIMBERLANE, EL DORADO, AR 71730
1730 N WEST AVE, EL DORADO AR, AR 71730-3867
1985 NORTH CENTER STREET, ELKINS, AR 72727
148 E VAN BUREN, EUREKA SPRINGS, AR 72632
207 W MAIN ST, FARMINGTON, AR 72730
1641 N COLLEGE AVE, FAYETTEVILLE, AR 72701
1963 W MLK BLVD, FAYETTEVILLE, AR 72701-6212
578 E JOYCE BLVD, FAYETTEVILLE, AR 72703
1870 N CROSSOVER RD, FAYETTEVILLE, AR 72701
3080 W WEDINGTON DR, FAYETTEVILLE, AR 72704
1200 W WILSON, FAYETTEVILLE, AR 72701
1230 N EDGAR STREET, FORDYCE, AR 71742
2301 N WASHINGTON ST, FORREST CITY, AR 72335-1800
5821 ROGERS AVENUE, FORT SMITH, AR 72901
2221 GRAND AVE, FORT SMITH, AR 72901
5712 KELLEY HWY, FORT SMITH, AR 72904
4800 TOWSON AVE, FORT SMITH, AR 72901-8424
9200 HWY 71 S, FORT SMITH, AR 72908
8311 ROGERS AVENUE, FORT SMITH, AR 72903
4900 OLD GREENWOOD ROAD, FORT SMITH, AR 72903
7403 HWY 62 W, GASSVILLE, AR 72634
467 S GENTRY BLVD, GENTRY, AR 72734
47 HIGHWAY 70 EAST, GLENWOOD, AR 71943
55 S BROADVIEW, GREENBRIER, AR 72058
923 WEST CENTER STREET, GREENWOOD, AR 72936
400 HIGHWAY 63 N, HARDY, AR 72542
600 NORTH ILLINOIS STREET, HARRISBURG, AR 72432
211 N WAL MART DRIVE, HARRISON, AR 72601
1314 N MAIN, HARRISON, AR 72601
1611 HWY 25B, HEBER SPRINGS, AR 72543
1601 N HERVEY, HOPE, AR 71801
4395 CENTRAL AVE, HOT SPRINGS, AR 71913
3101 ALBERT PIKE RD, HOT SPRINGS, AR 71913
1713 AIRPORT ROAD, HOT SPRINGS, AR 71913
2975 MALVERN AVE, HOT SPRINGS, AR 71901
3229 CENTRAL AVE, HOT SPRINGS, AR 71901
1214 ALBERT PIKE HWY, HOT SPRINGS, AR 71901
200 E GRAND AVENUE, HOT SPRINGS, AR 71901
4447 HWY 7 N, HOT SPRINGS VILLAGE, AR 71909
14243 US HIGHWAY 412, HUNTSVILLE, AR 72740
816 W MAIN ST, JACKSONVILLE, AR 72076
2030 N 1ST ST, JACKSONVILLE, AR 72076-2845
2207 E NETTLETON AVE, JONESBORO, AR 72401-5246
111 E HIGHLAND, JONESBORO, AR 72401-5917
1910 E JOHNSON AVE, JONESBORO, AR 72401
2124 RED WOLF BLVD, JONESBORO, AR 72401
1014 HIGHWAY 65, LAKE VILLAGE, AR 71653
14401 ARCH ST PIKE, LITTLE ROCK, AR 72206
7721 CANTRELL RD, LITTLE ROCK, AR 72227
7200 W 12TH ST, LITTLE ROCK, AR 72205
10501 STAGECOACH RD, LITTLE ROCK, AR 72210
104 S UNIVERSITY AVE, LITTLE ROCK, AR 72205
10201 N RODNEY PARHAM RD, LITTLE ROCK, AR 72227
11500 W MARKHAM RD, LITTLE ROCK, AR 72211-2702
8820 BASELINE RD, LITTLE ROCK, AR 72209
4111 S UNIVERSITY AVE, LITTLE ROCK, AR 72204
8710 FOURCHE DAM PIKE, LITTLE ROCK, AR 72206
8011 GEYER SPRINGS ROAD, LITTLE ROCK, AR 72209

4

TELEPHONE
501-724-9942
870-793-1130
501-882-2323
501-315-1140
501-794-1097
501-860-7263
479-273-7705
479-271-0088
479-254-1118
479-273-1400
870-423-5353
870-763-3424
479-675-9265
870-734-1410
501-358-4114
501-847-5367
501-843-5559
501-843-5111
870-246-7449
870-836-6666
479-795-8333
479-754-6369
501-745-6600
501-327-2117
501-329-4040
501-327-0444
501-327-9000
870-857-3050
870-364-9600
479-229-9804
870-642-2700
870-382-2800
870-863-8550
870-862-4012
479-240-4011
479-253-6106
479-267-6555
479-521-1767
479-443-4777
479-442-0444
479-527-9919
479-442-7774
479-444-1964
870-352-7926
870-581-3411
479-452-5500
479-785-0726
479-709-9107
479-646-7911
479-648-3939
479-452-1204
479-648-0385
870-435-6880
479-736-2500
870-356-2317
501-679-7499
479-996-4544
870-856-3377
870-578-9650
870-741-5266
870-741-5353
501-362-3275
870-777-1928
501-525-6506
501-767-8998
501-767-1799
501-262-1127
501-623-6212
501-321-9663
501-625-3579
501-984-5764
479-738-1777
501-982-6656
501-982-4939
870-935-0910
870-275-7428
870-972-0922
870-275-7720
870-265-4000
501-261-7776
501-225-3670
501-663-4873
501-407-9124
501-603-2228
501-227-7914
501-223-2060
501-565-7003
501-565-0470
501-490-8669
501-565-4550

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
BILL MATHEWS
TIMOTHY JACKSON
CHRISTOPHER R SPARKS
CHRISTOPHER R SPARKS
GREGORY L MADISON
MARY A MADISON-DORSO
KELLY BUCKLIEW
MICHAEL J HADLEY
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.
DAVID L STOKES
ANDI HILBURN VAINI
ANDI HILBURN VAINI
CHRISTOPHER BUCKLIEW
JONATHAN BAUER
CHRISTOPHER BUCKLIEW
SUKHWINDER BRAR
SUKHWINDER BRAR
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.
DENA L QUERTERMOUS
JAMES K HADLEY
CHRISTOPHER BUCKLIEW
CHRISTOPHER BUCKLIEW
KRISTIN R LOPEZ-ALLEN
BILL MATHEWS
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.
CHRISTOPHER BUCKLIEW
BILL MATHEWS
BILL MATHEWS
BILL MATHEWS
BILL MATHEWS
BRADLEY E ALLEN
BRADLEY E ALLEN
DAVID L STOKES
DAVID L STOKES
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.
SUKHWINDER BRAR
SUKHWINDER BRAR
BILL MATHEWS
BILL MATHEWS
BILL MATHEWS
BILL MATHEWS
BILL MATHEWS
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
BILL MATHEWS
MARY A MADISON-DORSO
JAMES K HADLEY
JAMES K HADLEY
DAVID L STOKES
MICHAEL J HADLEY
CHRISTOPHER BUCKLIEW
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.
ALEX MADISON
GREGORY L MADISON
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.
ALEX MADISON
GREGORY L COOK
BRENT BOHN
DARIAN L MELLON
MICHELLE SLAYTON
SUKHVINDER THIARA
SUKHVINDER THIARA
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
TASHINA FREEMAN
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
DERIK COOK
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
MICHAEL T OSBORNE
GREGORY L COOK
EARNEST L ADAIR
EARNEST L ADAIR
EARNEST L ADAIR

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
17601 CHENAL PKWY, LITTLE ROCK, AR 72223
701 BROADWAY ST, LITTLE ROCK, AR 72201
1834 HWY 31 N, LONOKE, AR 72086
503 W MONROE, LOWELL, AR 72745
1127 E MAIN ST, MAGNOLIA, AR 71753-3712
307 E PAGE ST, MALVERN, AR 72104-4247
1920 MARTIN LUTHER KING BLVD, MALVERN, AR 72104
3440 I-55, MARION, AR 72364
208 HESTER PARKER DR, MARKED TREE, AR 72365
804 NORTH HWY 65, MARSHALL, AR 72650
709 HWY 71, MENA, AR 71953
369 HWY 425 NORTH, MONTICELLO, AR 71655
1805 N BUSINESS 9, MORRILTON, AR 72110-4509
1019 HWY 62E, MOUNTAIN HOME, AR 72653-3215
2942 US HWY 62 BUS, MOUNTAIN HOME, AR 72653
604 E MAIN ST, MOUNTAIN VIEW, AR 72560
1512 S 4TH STREET, NASHVILLE, AR 71852-3011
2500 MALCOLM AVE, NEWPORT, AR 72112
4008 MCCAIN BOULEVARD, NORTH LITTLE ROCK, AR 72116
7101 JOHN F KENNEDY BLVD, NORTH LITTLE ROCK, AR 72118
600 E BROADWAY, NORTH LITTLE ROCK, AR 72114-5712
2400 OLD JACKSONVILLE HWY, NORTH LITTLE ROCK, AR 72117
4422 CAMP ROBINSON RD, NORTH LITTLE ROCK, AR 72118-3602
5506 MACARTHUR DR, NORTH LITTLE ROCK, AR 72118
20605 HWY 365, NORTH LITTLE ROCK, AR 72113-9108
11001 MAUMELLE BLVD, NORTH LITTLE ROCK, AR 72113
2720 W STATE HWY 140, OSCEOLA, AR 72370
2230 N 3RD ST, OZARK, AR 72949
1407 W KINGS HWY, PARAGOULD, AR 72450
4600 W KINGSHIGHWAY, PARAGOULD, AR 72450
903 EAST WALNUT, PARIS, AR 72855-4026
203 N CURTIS AVE, PEA RIDGE, AR 72751
2819 S OLIVE ST, PINE BLUFF, AR 71603
2908 E HARDING, PINE BLUFF, AR 71601-6853
107 S BLAKE ST, PINE BLUFF, AR 71601-3537
3610 CAMDEN RD, PINE BLUFF, AR 71603
1504 HWY 67 S, POCAHONTAS, AR 72455-4001
903 W WALNUT, ROGERS, AR 72756-3539
203 W HUDSON RD, ROGERS, AR 72756
100 N 46TH ST, ROGERS, AR 72756
2601 PLEASANT CROSSING DR, ROGERS, AR 72758
1122 NORTH ARKANSAS AVENUE, RUSSELLVILLE, AR 72801-2938
81 SR 331, RUSSELLVILLE, AR 72801
3515 E RACE ST, SEARCY, AR 72143-6202
600 S MAIN ST, SEARCY, AR 72143
1212 S ROCK, SHERIDAN, AR 72150
8400 WARDEN RD, SHERWOOD, AR 72120
12943 HWY 107, SHERWOOD, AR 72120
1702 HWY 412 WEST, SILOAM SPRINGS, AR 72761
520 S THOMPSON, SPRINGDALE, AR 72764
4600 W SUNSET, SPRINGDALE, AR 72764
1260 E ROBINSON AVE, SPRINGDALE, AR 72764
4762 ELM SPRINGS ROAD, SPRINGDALE, AR 72762
100 N LINCOLN, STAR CITY, AR 71667
2202 S MAIN ST, STUTTGART, AR 72160
711 E 7TH ST, TEXARKANA, AR 71854-5328
1089 E HENRI DE TONTI BLVD, TONTITOWN, AR 72770
500 INDUSTRIAL PARK DRIVE, TRUMANN, AR 72472
1903 FAYETTEVILLE RD, VAN BUREN, AR 72956
3010 ALMA HIGHWAY, VAN BUREN, AR 72956
1148 MAIN STREET, VILONIA, AR 72173
34 HWY 71 BYPASS NORTH, WALDRON, AR 72958
511 NW 4TH ST, WALNUT RIDGE, AR 72476
325 S MARTIN ST, WARREN, AR 71671-2898
843 N SEBASTIAN, WEST HELENA, AR 72390
3901 PETRO RD, WEST MEMPHIS, AR 72301-3754
1800 MISSOURI AVE, WEST MEMPHIS, AR 72301-1750
8012 SHERIDAN RD, WHITE HALL, AR 71602
1798 N FALLS BLVD, WYNNE, AR 72396
3623 W ANTHEM WAY, ANTHEM, AZ 85087
2383 W APACHE TRL, APACHE JUNCTION, AZ 85120-3735
13055 W RANCHO SANTE FE (WM #2554), AVONDALE, AZ 85323
9930 W MCDOWELL, AVONDALE, AZ 85323
3925 N 107TH AVE, AVONDALE, AZ 85323
2785 S AVONDALE BLVD, AVONDALE, AZ 85323
12500 BRANNIGAN PL, BELLEMONT, AZ 86015
618 S STATE HWY 90, BENSON, AZ 85602
1060 S WATSON (WM #3407), BUCKEYE, AZ 85326
587 SOUTH WATSON ROAD, BUCKEYE, AZ 85326
2250 HWY 95, BULLHEAD CITY, AZ 86442
600 AZ-95, BULLHEAD CITY, AZ 86429
FINNIE FLAT I-17, CAMP VERDE, AZ 86322
1249 E FLORENCE BLVD, CASA GRANDE, AZ 85122
1741 E FLORENCE BLVD (WM #1218), CASA GRANDE, AZ 85122
2824 N PINAL AVE, CASA GRANDE, AZ 85122
15885 N ORACLE RD, CATALINA, AZ 85739
34680 N 54TH ST, CAVE CREEK, AZ 85331
3185 S ALMA SCHOOL, CHANDLER, AZ 85248
4930 S ALMA SCHOOL RD, CHANDLER, AZ 85248
2951 E GERMANN RD, CHANDLER, AZ 85286

5

TELEPHONE
501-821-0388
501-244-9792
501-676-5160
479-770-3300
870-234-7782
501-332-3100
501-467-8787
870-739-5346
870-358-1154
870-448-2191
479-394-1131
870-367-7441
501-354-1522
870-425-1155
870-701-0058
870-269-6602
870-845-2364
870-523-2424
501-758-0400
501-834-2393
501-376-0961
501-945-5855
501-771-4875
501-753-4218
501-851-2901
501-791-7053
870-622-5845
479-667-1083
870-236-3716
501-214-1402
479-963-1633
479-451-2060
870-536-2070
870-536-1079
870-535-2660
870-879-1257
870-892-4021
479-636-1729
479-631-7363
479-636-7818
479-986-9991
479-968-2292
479-967-8284
501-268-3105
501-278-4755
870-942-0909
501-835-6323
501-833-8822
479-524-8020
479-751-3510
479-751-2401
479-750-2226
479-750-9600
870-628-4001
870-673-3411
870-772-5172
479-361-9499
870-483-5767
479-410-4065
479-474-0961
501-796-8696
479-637-3650
870-886-2063
870-226-3120
870-572-1199
870-735-6881
870-732-3527
870-267-7350
870-587-0392
623-551-1717
480-983-1310
623-935-2823
623-478-3925
623-877-6011
623-251-6189
928-774-1867
520-586-7337
623-474-6247
623-386-2553
928-704-4960
928-754-1699
928-567-4388
520-836-1439
520-836-4353
520-374-2561
520-818-1311
480-397-2563
480-857-8711
480-895-5413
480-726-1578

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
JENNIFER EDMOND
MICHAEL E PEGRAM
MICHAEL E PEGRAM
MICHELLE SLAYTON
MICHELLE SLAYTON
JENNIFER RITCHIE
JENNIFER RITCHIE
GREGORY L COOK
KYONG KAPALCZYNSKI
DERIK COOK
TASHINA FREEMAN
LORENA CAMACHO
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
GREGORY L COOK
GREGORY L COOK
GREGORY L COOK
EDWARD KAPALCZYNSKI
EDWARD KAPALCZYNSKI
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
EARNEST L ADAIR
EARNEST L ADAIR
EARNEST L ADAIR
EARNEST L ADAIR
MICHELLE ADAIR
MICHELLE ADAIR
VIKAS MITTAL
MICHAEL E PEGRAM
CATHERINE SANCHEZ
CATHERINE SANCHEZ
MICHELLE SLAYTON
CHRISTOPHER CARNEY
STEVE K LANINI
STEVE K LANINI
STEVE K LANINI
STEVE K LANINI
STEVE K LANINI
DARIAN L MELLON
SUKHVINDER THIARA
SUKHVINDER THIARA
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
BRENT BOHN
DARIAN L MELLON
DARIAN L MELLON
DARIAN L MELLON
DARIAN L MELLON
DARIAN L MELLON
DARIAN L MELLON
DARIAN L MELLON
GREGORY L COOK
PAUL DIAS
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
DARIAN L MELLON
PAUL DIAS
CHARLES R GRAY
CHARLES R GRAY
MICHAEL T OSBORNE
MICHELLE SLAYTON
MICHELLE SLAYTON
GREGORY L COOK
GERALD GEHRKE
VIKAS MITTAL
CATHERINE SANCHEZ
MICHELLE SLAYTON
MICHELLE SLAYTON
MICHELLE SLAYTON
BRADLEY E TEUFEL
BRADLEY E TEUFEL
BRADLEY E TEUFEL
BRADLEY E TEUFEL
BRADLEY E TEUFEL
BRADLEY E TEUFEL
BRADLEY E TEUFEL
SUKHVINDER THIARA
SUKHVINDER THIARA
SUKHVINDER THIARA
SUKHVINDER THIARA
SUKHVINDER THIARA
SUKHVINDER THIARA
BRETT BINGHAM
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
3020 EAST RIGGS ROAD, CHANDLER, AZ 85249
1900 W WARNER RD, CHANDLER, AZ 85224-2296
2540 W CHANDLER BLVD, CHANDLER, AZ 85224
990 N ARIZONA, CHANDLER, AZ 85224-5018
1090 E PECOS RD, CHANDLER, AZ 85225
5900 W CHANDLER BLVD, CHANDLER, AZ 85226
6990 W SUNDUST ROAD, CHANDLER, AZ 85226
1948 N HWY 89, CHINO VALLEY, AZ 86323
900 N ARIZONA BLVD, COOLIDGE, AZ 85128
1129 HWY 260, COTTONWOOD, AZ 86326
104 5TH ST, DOUGLAS, AZ 85607
12900 W THUNDERBIRD RD (WM #4336), EL MIRAGE, AZ 85335
3160 N TOLTEC RD, ELOY, AZ 85122
1401 S MILTON RD, FLAGSTAFF, AZ 86001-6308
4930 N HWY 89, FLAGSTAFF, AZ 86001
1940 E BUTLER, FLAGSTAFF, AZ 86004
801 N HIGHWAY 79, FLORENCE, AZ 85132
3423 N HUNT HWY, FLORENCE, AZ 85132
1511 E AZTEC RD, FORT MOHAVE, AZ 86426
16936 E SHEA, FOUNTAIN HILLS, AZ 85268
800 PIMA ST, GILA BEND, AZ 85337-0756
1945 E BASELINE RD, GILBERT, AZ 85234-2268
3021 S VAL VISTA, GILBERT, AZ 85296
145 S HIGLEY RD, GILBERT, AZ 85296
1705 E QUEEN CREEK RD, GILBERT, AZ 85298
821 N VAL VISTA DR, GILBERT, AZ 85234
774 S VAL VISTA DRIVE, GILBERT, AZ 85296
1536 N HIGLEY RD, GILBERT, AZ 85234
825 W WARNER RD, GILBERT, AZ 85233
4740 E QUEEN CREEK RD, GILBERT, AZ 85236
6324 S HIGLEY RD, GILBERT, AZ 85298
47 N MCQUEEN, GILBERT, AZ 85233
4401 W GLENDALE AVE, GLENDALE, AZ 85301-2804
6762 WEST CAMELBACK ROAD, GLENDALE, AZ 85303
16874 N 59TH AVE, GLENDALE, AZ 85306-1118
6002 N 59TH AVE, GLENDALE, AZ 85301
8325 W GLENDALE, GLENDALE, AZ 85305
5842 W OLIVE, GLENDALE, AZ 85302
7019 NORTH LITCHFIELD ROAD, GLENDALE, AZ 85307
20227 N 67TH AVE, GLENDALE, AZ 85308
5605 W NORTHERN (WM #5124), GLENDALE, AZ 85301
1608 E ASH, GLOBE, AZ 85501-1430
7138 E US HIGHWAY 60, GOLD CANYON, AZ 85118
870 N DYSART, GOODYEAR, AZ 85338-1111
13870 W MCDOWELL RD, GOODYEAR, AZ 85395
1100 N ESTRELLA PKWY (WM #5369), GOODYEAR, AZ 85339
632 NORTH ESTRELLA PARKWAY, GOODYEAR, AZ 85338
17640 W ELLIOT ROAD, GOODYEAR, AZ 85338
16275 WEST YUMA RD, GOODYEAR, AZ 85338
16280 W INDIAN SCHOOL RD, GOODYEAR, AZ 85395
313 AZ-64, GRAND CANYON VILLAGE, AZ 86023
170 W CONTINENTAL RD, GREEN VALLEY, AZ 85614-1957
1617 E NAVAJO BLVD, HOLBROOK, AZ 86047
US HWY 160 & US HWY 163, KAYENTA, AZ 86033
3264 E ANDY DEVINE, KINGMAN, AZ 86401-3702
3431 STOCKTON HILL ROAD, KINGMAN, AZ 86409
100 SWANSON AVE, LAKE HAVASU CITY, AZ 86403
6501 SHOWPLACE AVENUE, LAKE HAVASU CITY, AZ 86403
6 W WHITE MOUNTAIN RD, LAKESIDE, AZ 85929
13018 W INDIAN SCHOOL RD, LITCHFIELD PARK, AZ 85340
13934 N SANDARIO RD, MARANA, AZ 85653
3830 W INA RD, MARANA, AZ 85741-2240
3640 W TANGERINE ROAD, MARANA, AZ 85742
11380 W TANGERINE RD, MARANA, AZ 85653
20700 N JOHN WAYNE PKWY, MARICOPA, AZ 85239
41710 W MARICOPA CASA GRANDE HIGHWAY, MARICOPA, AZ 85138
19601 E CORDES LAKE ROAD, MAYER, AZ 86333
146 W BASELINE ROAD, MESA, AZ 85210
1460 W SOUTHERN AVE, MESA, AZ 85202
9225 E CADENCE PKWY, MESA, AZ 85212
2130 W SOUTHERN AVE, MESA, AZ 85202
857 N DOBSON (WM #2482), MESA, AZ 85201
909 NORTH DOBSON ROAD, MESA, AZ 85201
2001 N COUNTRY CLUB, MESA, AZ 85201-1204
1250 S COUNTRY CLUB, MESA, AZ 85210
1158 N HIGLEY, MESA, AZ 85205-5300
1212 W MAIN, MESA, AZ 85202
358 E UNIVERSITY DR, MESA, AZ 85201
6748 E MCKELLIPS, MESA, AZ 85215
1948 EAST MCKELLIPS ROAD, MESA, AZ 85203
2665 S ALMA SCHOOL RD, MESA, AZ 85210-4018
1350 SOUTH POWER ROAD, MESA, AZ 85206
1960 E MAIN, MESA, AZ 85203
411 N VAL VISTA, MESA, AZ 85205
1213 S GREENFIELD RD, MESA, AZ 85206
5255 S POWER ROAD, MESA, AZ 85212
2751 S SIGNAL BUTTE RD, MESA, AZ 85209
9145 E APACHE TRAIL, MESA, AZ 85207
2035 S ELLSWORTH, MESA, AZ 85212
1328 S SIGNAL BUTE RD, MESA, AZ 85209

6

TELEPHONE
480-207-1115
480-899-7578
480-917-0106
480-963-0155
480-821-5136
480-961-3050
520-796-2230
928-636-5847
520-723-4063
928-634-9622
520-364-8388
623-523-0203
520-466-7135
928-774-9030
928-526-2235
928-779-9509
520-868-8040
520-723-1693
928-704-1717
480-837-0033
928-683-2366
480-497-8727
480-722-9376
480-687-3698
480-699-4165
480-503-0556
480-633-2424
480-830-9669
480-926-5449
480-988-9466
480-988-5981
480-497-4558
623-934-1123
623-846-8075
602-938-7397
623-847-1394
623-877-1776
623-939-2114
623-935-1345
623-572-7253
623-847-5187
928-425-6040
480-982-6273
623-932-2707
623-535-5628
623-932-0131
623-925-8540
623-386-2730
000-000-0000
480-663-3863
928-638-2208
520-625-5305
928-524-3938
928-697-8169
928-757-2626
928-757-5600
928-855-1039
928-764-1601
928-367-6126
623-935-7710
520-682-9541
520-744-9201
520-744-4788
520-682-1283
520-568-2854
520-568-6714
928-632-7527
480-461-4221
480-464-7647
480-597-4498
480-833-5761
480-733-4010
480-668-5747
480-835-7054
480-835-6054
480-396-2161
480-834-9585
480-835-9012
480-324-1150
480-292-8733
480-897-0394
480-807-2595
480-833-0991
480-641-6044
480-218-6267
480-988-1646
480-380-3736
480-984-8064
480-357-7685
480-597-3718

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
TASHINA FREEMAN
TASHINA FREEMAN
LEANN RICHARDS
JUSTIN OSBORNE
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
STEVE K LANINI
SUKHVINDER THIARA
SUKHVINDER THIARA
SUKHVINDER THIARA
EARNEST L ADAIR
EARNEST L ADAIR
ROSA BARRIOS
CHRISTOPHER CARNEY
CHRISTOPHER CARNEY
GREGORY L COOK
GREGORY L COOK
GREGORY L COOK
GREGORY L COOK
GREGORY L COOK
GREGORY L COOK
GREGORY L COOK
GREGORY L COOK
GREGORY L COOK
GREGORY L COOK
GERALD GEHRKE
GERALD GEHRKE
GERALD GEHRKE
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
MICHAEL E PEGRAM
MICHAEL E PEGRAM
MICHELLE SLAYTON
MICHELLE SLAYTON
MICHELLE SLAYTON
MICHELLE SLAYTON
MICHELLE SLAYTON
WAYNE E STINGLEY
WAYNE E STINGLEY
WAYNE E STINGLEY
WAYNE E STINGLEY
WAYNE E STINGLEY
WAYNE E STINGLEY
WAYNE E STINGLEY
SUKHVINDER THIARA
SUKHVINDER THIARA
SUKHVINDER THIARA
SUKHVINDER THIARA
JOSEPHINE WEE
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
GREGORY L COOK
GREGORY L COOK
GREGORY L COOK
GREGORY L COOK
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
KYONG KAPALCZYNSKI
CATHERINE SANCHEZ
CATHERINE SANCHEZ
CATHERINE SANCHEZ
BRETT BINGHAM
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
PAUL DIAS
JOSE L LEON
BRETT BINGHAM
ROSA BARRIOS
GREGORY L COOK
GREGORY L COOK
GREGORY L COOK
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
MICHELLE SLAYTON
BRADLEY E TEUFEL
JOSEPHINE WEE

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
252 W CRAWFORD ST, NOGALES, AZ 85621-3208
470 W MARIPOSA RD, NOGALES, AZ 85621
739 E FRONTAGE RD SUITE C, NOGALES, AZ 85621
10795 N ORACLE RD, ORO VALLEY, AZ 85737
1004 W HAUL RD, PAGE, AZ 86040
990 W RIVERSIDE DRIVE, PARKER, AZ 85344
101 SOUTH BEELINE HIGHWAY, PAYSON, AZ 85541-4926
7515 W BELL RD, PEORIA, AZ 85382
9119 AND 9127 W UNION HILLS, PEORIA, AZ 85382
8325 W DEER VALLEY RD, PEORIA, AZ 85382
24710 N LAKE PLEASANT PARKWAY, PEORIA, AZ 85383
2447 E BELL RD, PHOENIX, AZ 85032-2411
3212 E GREENWAY, PHOENIX, AZ 85032
4019 E CHANDLER, PHOENIX, AZ 85044-8834
1905 W NORTHERN AVE, PHOENIX, AZ 85021-5155
1601 E GLENDALE, PHOENIX, AZ 85036
2305 W BETHANY HOME RD, PHOENIX, AZ 85015-1825
1532 N 51ST AVE, PHOENIX, AZ 85043-1777
3848 W PINNACLE PEAK RD, PHOENIX, AZ 85310
20210 N CAVE CREEK RD, PHOENIX, AZ 85024
3140 W CAREFREE HIGHWAY, PHOENIX, AZ 85086
6535 W HAPPY VALLEY RD, PHOENIX, AZ 85310
5120 W BASELINE RD, PHOENIX, AZ 85339
5950 S 35TH AVE, PHOENIX, AZ 85041
3501 W BETHANY HOME RD, PHOENIX, AZ 85019
2615 WEST JOMAX RD, PHOENIX, AZ 85085
750 W CAMELBACK RD, PHOENIX, AZ 85013-2207
2667 W CAMELBACK, PHOENIX, AZ 85017-3211
6145 N 35TH AVE (WM #5330), PHOENIX, AZ 85017
2427 W THOMAS RD, PHOENIX, AZ 85015-5941
4505 E CACTUS RD, PHOENIX, AZ 85032-7701
3207 W INDIAN SCHOOL, PHOENIX, AZ 85017-3902
4750 E WARNER RD, PHOENIX, AZ 85044
223 N 7TH AVE, PHOENIX, AZ 85003
5050 W INDIAN SCHOOL ROAD, PHOENIX, AZ 85031
4430 E THOMAS, PHOENIX, AZ 85018-7608
1850 S 7TH ST, PHOENIX, AZ 85034-5120
3323 N 24TH ST, PHOENIX, AZ 85016-7317
1255 E CHANDLER, PHOENIX, AZ 85048
2020 N 75TH AVE (WM #1549), PHOENIX, AZ 85035
3155 E INDIAN SCHOOL RD, PHOENIX, AZ 85018
7450 WEST LOWER BUCKEYE ROAD, PHOENIX, AZ 85043
1851 W BELL RD, PHOENIX, AZ 85023-3415
2225 W DEER VALLEY RD, PHOENIX, AZ 85027-1919
650 E BELL RD, PHOENIX, AZ 85022-2311
5060 W CACTUS RD, PHOENIX, AZ 85306
626 W UNION HILLS, PHOENIX, AZ 85027
2845 W THUNDERBIRD, PHOENIX, AZ 85053
PHOENIX AIRPORT - PHX TERM 4 CONC N4, PHOENIX, AZ 85034
8849 N 7TH ST, PHOENIX, AZ 85020-2910
719 E THUNDERBIRD RD, PHOENIX, AZ 85020
2911 SOUTH 99TH AVENUE, PHOENIX, AZ 85353
6650 WEST VAN BUREN STREET, PHOENIX, AZ 85043
29555 N CAVE CREEK ROAD, PHOENIX, AZ 85331
10230 N 32ND ST, PHOENIX, AZ 85028-3823
3501 W VAN BUREN ST, PHOENIX, AZ 85009
125 N 24TH STREET, PHOENIX, AZ 85034-1332
545 E MCDOWELL, PHOENIX, AZ 85007
926 E INDIAN SCHOOL RD, PHOENIX, AZ 85014
1635 E CAMELBACK RD, PHOENIX, AZ 85016
6005 S CENTRAL AVE, PHOENIX, AZ 85040
2430 E BASELINE RD, PHOENIX, AZ 85040
3130 E BROADWAY, PHOENIX, AZ 85040
711 W INDIAN SCHOOL ROAD, PHOENIX, AZ 85013
1844 W BASELINE ROAD, PHOENIX, AZ 85041
539 MILLER VALLEY RD, PRESCOTT, AZ 86301-2313
3171 WILLOW CREEK, PRESCOTT, AZ 86305
1711 EAST STATE ROUTE 69, PRESCOTT, AZ 86303
7500 E HWY 69, PRESCOTT VALLEY, AZ 86314-2214
1241 W MAIN STREET, QUARTZSITE, AZ 85346
37632 N GANTZEL RD, QUEEN CREEK, AZ 85140
305 E HUNT HWY, QUEEN CREEK, AZ 85143
40523 N GANTZEL RD, QUEEN CREEK, AZ 85140
20735 EAST MAYA ROAD, QUEEN CREEK, AZ 85242
22315 E QUEEN CREEK RD, QUEEN CREEK, AZ 85142
1830 THATCHER BLVD, SAFFORD, AZ 85546
775 WEST VIA RANCHO SAHUARITA RD, SAHUARITA, AZ 85629
566 N MAIN ST, SAN LUIS, AZ 85349
4257 W HUNT HWY, SAN TAN VALLEY, AZ 85142
9140 E TALKING STICK WAY, SCOTTSDALE, AZ 85250
15768 N PIMA, SCOTTSDALE, AZ 85260
6335 E GREENWAY, SCOTTSDALE, AZ 85254
11425 E VIA LINDA, SCOTTSDALE, AZ 85259
4830 E BELL RD, SCOTTSDALE, AZ 85254-6000
9251 E SHEA BLVD, SCOTTSDALE, AZ 85258
2882 N SCOTTSDALE RD, SCOTTSDALE, AZ 85257
5998 N GRANITE REEF RD, SCOTTSDALE, AZ 85250
1516 N HAYDEN RD, SCOTTSDALE, AZ 85257
8001 E INDIAN SCHOOL RD, SCOTTSDALE, AZ 85257
18241 NORTH PIMA ROAD, SCOTTSDALE, AZ 85255

7

TELEPHONE
520-287-9248
520-761-3797
520-341-3196
520-531-8100
928-645-2271
928-669-8872
928-474-3698
623-486-0613
623-875-3045
623-376-8934
623-537-0785
602-867-1489
602-493-9513
480-759-4085
602-995-2650
602-604-8159
602-249-1456
602-484-0240
623-580-9618
602-923-1835
623-434-8377
623-566-4629
602-237-0950
602-975-8955
602-242-1323
623-248-9984
602-265-6722
602-249-4745
602-249-2704
602-258-4421
602-996-1140
602-234-1458
480-496-9037
602-254-9374
623-247-6271
602-840-6281
602-252-4532
602-956-7710
480-460-4334
623-846-1464
602-955-1168
623-248-5890
602-866-8525
623-581-1879
602-993-3151
602-547-9242
623-580-9550
602-938-4388
602-273-2642
602-997-6518
602-866-8575
623-907-3022
623-936-1633
480-515-1583
602-404-9785
602-272-5723
602-231-0924
602-262-2388
602-248-0900
602-265-2422
602-276-6518
602-276-8979
602-232-2828
602-277-5512
480-219-8816
928-445-7490
928-778-1070
928-717-7241
928-772-2272
928-927-6262
480-567-9756
480-987-5551
480-888-9096
480-888-9966
480-809-6762
928-428-1619
520-207-1349
928-627-1207
480-269-8186
480-443-0080
480-483-8829
480-368-7930
480-614-8211
602-493-8224
480-451-1803
480-946-7809
480-607-4652
480-947-3946
480-429-5224
480-588-5585

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
JOSEPHINE WEE
DERIK COOK
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
TASHINA FREEMAN
TASHINA FREEMAN
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
LEANN RICHARDS
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
SUKHVINDER THIARA
EARNEST L ADAIR
LORENA CAMACHO
LORENA CAMACHO
LORENA CAMACHO
LORENA CAMACHO
LORENA CAMACHO
GREGORY L COOK
GREGORY L COOK
SUKHVINDER THIARA
ROSA BARRIOS
GERALD GEHRKE
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
MICHAEL E PEGRAM
MICHAEL E PEGRAM
MICHELLE SLAYTON
MICHELLE SLAYTON
JENNIFER RITCHIE
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
MICHELLE SLAYTON
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
ROGER CANCHOLA
ROGER CANCHOLA
ROGER CANCHOLA
ROGER CANCHOLA
ROGER CANCHOLA
ROGER CANCHOLA
PAUL DIAS
PAUL DIAS
PAUL DIAS
PAUL DIAS
PAUL DIAS
PAUL DIAS
PAUL DIAS
PAUL DIAS
PAUL DIAS
PAUL DIAS
PAUL DIAS
PAUL DIAS
PAUL DIAS
PAUL DIAS
PAUL DIAS
PAUL DIAS
PAUL DIAS
PAUL DIAS
CHARLES R GRAY
CHARLES R GRAY
CHARLES R GRAY
CHARLES R GRAY
MICHAEL T OSBORNE
MICHAEL T OSBORNE
LEANN RICHARDS
LEANN RICHARDS
LEANN RICHARDS
LEANN RICHARDS
PAUL DIAS
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
TASHINA FREEMAN
GREGORY L COOK
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
JOSE L LEON
JOSE L LEON
JOSE L LEON
JOSE L LEON
ANDREW MARROQUIN
STEVEN HO
BRADLEY A GOLDBLATT
PHYLLIS GOLDBLATT
JULIE PERNECKY
JULIE PERNECKY
PAUL PERNECKY
CHRISTOPHER ROWE
MICHAEL E PERNECKY
PAUL PERNECKY
LARRY S KAPLAN
SHARON M MACDONALD
SHARON M MACDONALD
SHARON M MACDONALD
SHARON M MACDONALD

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
10825 NORTH SCOTTSDALE ROAD, SCOTTSDALE, AZ 85254
2380 W US HWY 89A, SEDONA, AZ 86336-5344
225 WHITE MOUNTAIN RD, SHOW LOW, AZ 85901
1802 FRY BLVD, SIERRA VISTA, AZ 85635-2703
3536 CANYON DE FLORES, SIERRA VISTA, AZ 85650
380 S MAIN ST, SNOWFLAKE, AZ 85937
1901 S 6TH AVE, SOUTH TUCSON, AZ 85713
180 EAST MAIN STREET, SPRINGERVILLE, AZ 85938
10040 W BELL RD, SUN CITY, AZ 85373
11125 E RIGGS RD, SUN LAKES, AZ 85248
13770 W BELL RD (WM #2777), SURPRISE, AZ 85374
16547 WEST BELL ROAD, SURPRISE, AZ 85388
LOOP 303 & WADELL (WM #5429), SURPRISE, AZ 85388
15525 W GREENWAY RD, SURPRISE, AZ 85379
17180 W PEORIA AVE, SURPRISE, AZ 85388
14553 W GRAND AVE, SURPRISE, AZ 85374
13933 N LITCHFIELD RD, SURPRISE, AZ 85374
13180 W BELL RD, SURPRISE, AZ 85378
9955 S PRIEST, TEMPE, AZ 85284
625 E BASELINE RD, TEMPE, AZ 85283
1525 W ELLIOT RD, TEMPE, AZ 85284
1205 S RURAL RD, TEMPE, AZ 85280-1393
1785 E UNIVERSITY, TEMPE, AZ 85281
3255 S 48TH ST, TEMPE, AZ 85282-3148
1740 E ELLIOT RD, TEMPE, AZ 85282
455 W GUADALUPE RD, TEMPE, AZ 85282
1325 W BROADWAY, TEMPE, AZ 85282-1212
3218 S MCCLINTOCK RD, TEMPE, AZ 85282-5630
1429 W BASELINE, TEMPE, AZ 85283
1215 N 91ST AVE, TOLLESON, AZ 85353
195 SOUTH MAIN STREET, TUBA CITY, AZ 86045
3310 E 22ND ST, TUCSON, AZ 85713-2352
2525 S CRAYCROFT, TUCSON, AZ 85711-6630
3105 E VALENCIA, TUCSON, AZ 85706
1187 W IRVINGTON RD, TUCSON, AZ 85714
1650 W VALENCIA (WM #1612), TUCSON, AZ 85746
1785 W AJO WAY, TUCSON, AZ 85713
3232 N CAMPBELL AVE, TUCSON, AZ 85719-2305
6105 E BROADWAY BLVD, TUCSON, AZ 85711
540 W VALENCIA RD, TUCSON, AZ 85706
5640 N SWAN, TUCSON, AZ 85718-4525
8800 E BROADWAY, TUCSON, AZ 85710-4035
9490 E GOLF LINKS, TUCSON, AZ 85730-1354
2990 W VALENCIA, TUCSON, AZ 85746
801 E GRANT, TUCSON, AZ 85719-2933
6651 E TANQUE VERDE RD, TUCSON, AZ 85715
4960 W AJO HWY, TUCSON, AZ 85757
30 S HOUGHTON RD, TUCSON, AZ 85748
5445 E SPEEDWAY BLVD, TUCSON, AZ 85712
9075 E TANQUE VERDE RD, TUCSON, AZ 85749
3315 N SWAN, TUCSON, AZ 85712
9130 E VALENCIA ROAD, TUCSON, AZ 85747
7090 E 22ND STREET, TUCSON, AZ 85710
2130 WEST RIVER ROAD, TUCSON, AZ 85704
9090 S HOUGHTON ROAD, TUCSON, AZ 85747
4495 N ORACLE RD, TUCSON, AZ 85705-1635
292 W MCGEE, TUCSON, AZ 85704-6434
8349 N CORTARO RD, TUCSON, AZ 85743
3800 W LINDAVISTA BLVD, TUCSON, AZ 85742
1711 E SPEEDWAY BLVD, TUCSON, AZ 85719-4514
3856 E SPEEDWAY BLVD, TUCSON, AZ 85716
5225 S PALO VERDE, TUCSON, AZ 85706
2250 W IRONWOOD HILL, TUCSON, AZ 85745-1056
1059 E TUCSON MARKETPLACE BLVD, TUCSON, AZ 85713
4555 S CAMPBELL AVE, TUCSON, AZ 85714
13350 E MARY ANN CLEVELAND WAY, VAIL, AZ 85641
370 E WICKENBURG WAY, WICKENBURG, AZ 85358
1105 REX ALLEN DR, WILLCOX, AZ 85643-1013
805 N GRAND CANYON BLVD, WILLIAMS, AZ 86046
112 AZ-264, WINDOW ROCK, AZ 86515
1616 N PARK, WINSLOW, AZ 86047
2560 S 4TH AVE, YUMA, AZ 85364-7221
1195 E 16TH ST, YUMA, AZ 85364
1610 S AVE B, YUMA, AZ 85364-7233
11251 E COMMERCIAL CENTRE LOOP, YUMA, AZ 85367
3750 SIERRA HWY, ACTON, CA 93510-1253
29161 CANWOOD ST, AGOURA HILLS, CA 91301-3347
2239 SHORELINE DR, ALAMEDA, CA 94501-6227
715 CENTRAL AVE, ALAMEDA, CA 94501-3818
909 E MAIN ST, ALHAMBRA, CA 91801
1520 W VALLEY BLVD, ALHAMBRA, CA 91803
2310 W COMMONWEALTH, ALHAMBRA, CA 91803
2959 ALPINE BLVD, ALPINE, CA 91901
1306 N ALTADENA DR, ALTADENA, CA 91107
2157 LINCOLN AVE, ALTADENA, CA 91001-5449
3210 W LINCOLN AVE, ANAHEIM, CA 92801
2411 W BALL RD, ANAHEIM, CA 92804-5210
119 WEST BALL ROAD, ANAHEIM, CA 92805-6045
1100 NORTH STATE COLLEGE BLVD, ANAHEIM, CA 92806-2703
740 N EUCLID ST, ANAHEIM, CA 92801-4115

8

TELEPHONE
480-275-6970
928-282-6211
928-537-7609
520-459-2524
520-378-2073
928-536-7763
520-624-7665
928-333-4504
623-977-8667
480-802-4224
623-975-2915
623-537-5300
623-546-5526
623-214-5599
623-505-3178
623-214-7842
623-544-9535
623-537-0785
480-785-7932
480-838-8687
480-636-1044
480-829-6604
480-446-8619
602-438-2722
480-345-7370
480-755-4433
480-966-1746
480-839-5775
480-897-3512
623-248-0088
928-283-4322
520-325-6581
520-747-7670
520-573-1948
520-295-0123
520-806-1003
520-807-0867
520-881-4514
520-790-6011
520-746-0853
520-299-5953
520-721-2562
520-886-9615
520-578-3747
520-791-0800
520-298-2490
520-908-8696
520-751-0074
520-323-7275
520-749-4777
520-881-0730
520-663-1327
520-747-1351
520-887-5587
520-838-0400
520-888-6790
520-742-3600
520-744-7713
520-744-5370
520-325-6361
520-327-3355
520-741-1634
520-798-3445
520-882-4462
520-849-6461
520-372-8524
928-684-2972
520-384-4775
928-635-9100
928-871-5565
928-289-5710
928-344-3613
928-782-2113
928-783-1610
928-342-7258
661-269-4008
818-991-2781
510-521-4409
510-865-0200
626-289-4541
626-576-9249
626-281-1603
619-659-1615
626-791-9678
626-398-9966
714-995-9118
714-995-1251
714-991-3211
714-533-2129
714-776-7290

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
SHARON M MACDONALD
SHARON M MACDONALD
SHARON M MACDONALD
NEAL RUBY
PATTI ANN WIDDICOMBE
SCOTT I RODRICK
DENNIS GRASPOINTNER
PERCY JOHNSON
BRADLEY A GOLDBLATT
BRADLEY A GOLDBLATT
BRADLEY A GOLDBLATT
BRADLEY A GOLDBLATT
MARISOL C SANCHEZ
MARISOL C SANCHEZ
MICHAEL E PERNECKY
MICHAEL E PERNECKY
COSME A FAGUNDO
MICHAEL W SMITH
JENNIFER BRIONES
MARYANN PACIULLO
JASON D GOLDBLATT
VICTOR QUIROZ
JOHN ABBATE
JOHN ABBATE
DANIEL P KASSITY
TARA KASSITY
JULIE PERNECKY
MARGARITA T WORLEY
MARGARITA T WORLEY
JOHN ABBATE
JOEY CINQUEMANI
MATTHEW R DELPH
MATTHEW R DELPH
MATTHEW R DELPH
MATTHEW R DELPH
MATTHEW R DELPH
MATTHEW R DELPH
MATTHEW R DELPH
MATTHEW R DELPH
ROGER P DELPH
TRISHA GALLO-ESCOBAR
TRISHA GALLO-ESCOBAR
TRISHA GALLO-ESCOBAR
RONALD C JOHNS
RONALD C JOHNS
RONALD C JOHNS
RONALD C JOHNS
RONALD C JOHNS
RONALD C JOHNS
MARYANN PACIULLO
MARISOL C SANCHEZ
MARGARITA T WORLEY
AYMAN YOUSSEF
JEFFREY M MARTINEZ
ANDREW MARROQUIN
ANDREW MARROQUIN
BRADLEY A GOLDBLATT
RANDELL S BAREMOR
JEFFREY M MARTINEZ
ANDREW CHANG
PONGDEJ TULAPHORN
PONGDEJ TULAPHORN
PATRICIA YOON
AMANDA L O'LEARY
ALADDIN DINO SAMMAKIEH
ALADDIN DINO SAMMAKIEH
ALADDIN DINO SAMMAKIEH
ALADDIN DINO SAMMAKIEH
RANDELL S BAREMOR
ANDREW MARROQUIN
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
ROBERT R SUTHERLAND
FRANCISCO M SANCHEZ
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
DAVID HORNER
PETER E HORNER
BRADLEY A GOLDBLATT
JASON D GOLDBLATT
VICTOR QUIROZ
PETER E HORNER
PETER E HORNER
TODD HORNER
RICHARD M BECHGUENTURIAN
RICHARD M BECHGUENTURIAN
RICHARD M BECHGUENTURIAN
RICHARD M BECHGUENTURIAN
MARYANN PACIULLO
JEFFREY M MARTINEZ
STEVEN HO
JOSE L LEON

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
1500 S HARBOR BLVD, ANAHEIM, CA 92802-2312
1810 S STATE COLLEGE BLVD, ANAHEIM, CA 92805
1410 NORTH LEMON STREET, ANAHEIM, CA 92801
5621 E LA PALMA AVE, ANAHEIM, CA 92807
10900 KATELLA AVE, ANAHEIM, CA 92804-6134
3100 MCMURRAY DR, ANDERSON, CA 96007-4600
33 NORTH MAIN STREET, ANGELS CAMP, CA 95222
7899 WALERGA RD, ANTELOPE, CA 95843
2424 MAHOGANY WAY, ANTIOCH, CA 94509-2966
4440 LONE TREE WAY, ANTIOCH, CA 94509
3450 DEER VALLEY RD, ANTIOCH, CA 94509
4893 LONE TREE WAY (WM #2697), ANTIOCH, CA 94509
19200 BEAR VALLEY ROAD, APPLE VALLEY, CA 92307
20221 HWY 18, APPLE VALLEY, CA 92307
143 E FOOTHILL BLVD, ARCADIA, CA 91006-2506
400 S BALDWIN AVENUE (THE SHOPSA), ARCADIA, CA 91007
4901 VALLEY WEST BLVD, ARCATA, CA 95521-4638
410 GRAND AVE PO BOX 306, ARROYO GRANDE, CA 93420
17523 PIONEER BLVD, ARTESIA, CA 90701-4006
798 BEAR MOUNTAIN BLVD, ARVIN, CA 93203
16552 E 14TH STREET, ASHLAND, CA 94578
6300 MORRO RD, ATASCADERO, CA 93422
2720 SHAFFER RD, ATWATER, CA 95301
1521 BELL DRIVE, ATWATER, CA 95301
2865 BELL RD, AUBURN, CA 95603-2539
13370 LINCOLN WAY, AUBURN, CA 95603-3250
13814 VALLEY BLVD, AVOCADO HEIGHTS, CA 91746-2514
980 E ALOSTA AVE, AZUSA, CA 91702
219 S AZUSA, AZUSA, CA 91702
16100 STOCKDALE HWY, BAKERSFIELD, CA 93314
5363 OLIVE DRIVE, BAKERSFIELD, CA 93308
13003 ROSEDALE HWY, BAKERSFIELD, CA 93312
2601 FASHION PL (WM #1624), BAKERSFIELD, CA 93306
3360 PANAMA LN, BAKERSFIELD, CA 93313
3037 NILES ST, BAKERSFIELD, CA 93306
356 WEEDPATCH HWY, BAKERSFIELD, CA 93307
11150 STOCKDALE HWY, BAKERSFIELD, CA 93311
1607 PANAMA LANE, BAKERSFIELD, CA 93307
6707 PANAMA LANE, BAKERSFIELD, CA 93313
35102 MERLE HAGGARD DRIVE, BAKERSFIELD, CA 93308
2701 WHITE LN, BAKERSFIELD, CA 93304-6815
4601 COFFEE RD, BAKERSFIELD, CA 93312
11 S CHESTER AVE, BAKERSFIELD, CA 93304
4600 MING AVE, BAKERSFIELD, CA 93309-4822
1812 N UNION AVE, BAKERSFIELD, CA 93305-5651
1000 REAL RD, BAKERSFIELD, CA 93309-1006
7901 WHITE LN, BAKERSFIELD, CA 93313
2699 MOUNT VERNON AVE, BAKERSFIELD, CA 93306
5410 STOCKDALE HWY, BAKERSFIELD, CA 93309
2310 F ST, BAKERSFIELD, CA 93301
14008 RAMONA BLVD, BALDWIN PARK, CA 91706-4130
14530 BALDWIN PARK, BALDWIN PARK, CA 91706
3160 BALDWIN PARK BLVD, BALDWIN PARK, CA 91706
2140 W RAMSEY ST, BANNING, CA 92220-4283
1611 E MAIN ST, BARSTOW, CA 92311-3239
2571 COMMERCE PKY, BARSTOW, CA 92311-9568
220 BAILEY ROAD, BAY POINT, CA 94565
1492 E 2ND MARKETPLACE, BEAUMONT, CA 92223
501 BEAUMONT AVE, BEAUMONT, CA 92223
5725 FLORENCE AVE, BELL GARDENS, CA 90201
16208 LAKEWOOD BOULEVARD, BELLFLOWER, CA 90706-5150
8507 ARTESIA BLVD, BELLFLOWER, CA 90706
10146 ARTESIA BLVD, BELLFLOWER, CA 90706
522 EL CAMINO REAL, BELMONT, CA 94002-2121
1602 E 2ND ST, BENICIA, CA 94510
2110 COLUMBUS PARKWAY, BENICIA, CA 94510
1198 SAN PABLO AVE, BERKELEY, CA 94706-2245
1998 SHATTUCK AVE, BERKELEY, CA 94704-1032
41412 BIG BEAR BLVD, BIG BEAR LAKE, CA 92314
562 N MAIN ST, BISHOP, CA 93514-2745
191 S LOVEKIN BLVD, BLYTHE, CA 92225-2504
4340 BONITA RD, BONITA, CA 91902
5565 MISSION AVE, BONSALL, CA 92028
105 W MAIN ST, BRAWLEY, CA 92227-2352
2505 E IMPERIAL HWY, BREA, CA 92821
825 E IMPERIAL HWY, BREA, CA 92821
7455 BRENTWOOD BLVD, BRENTWOOD, CA 94513-2026
2351 BALFOUR RD, BRENTWOOD, CA 94513
337 MCMURRAY RD, BUELLTON, CA 93427
5900 BEACH BLVD, BUENA PARK, CA 90621
7861 BEACH BLVD, BUENA PARK, CA 90620-1936
7050 KNOTT AVE, BUENA PARK, CA 90620-1363
1127 N SAN FERNANDO BLVD, BURBANK, CA 91504
1701 W OLIVE AVE, BURBANK, CA 91506-2433
900 W BURBANK BLVD, BURBANK, CA 91506
2565 HOLLYWOOD WAY, BURBANK, CA 91505-1018
20700 TRACEY AVE, BUTTONWILLOW, CA 93206-0726
48350 SEMINOLE DR, CABAZON, CA 92230
4785 LAS VIRGENES RD, CALABASAS, CA 91302-1910
720 IMPERIAL AVE, CALEXICO, CA 92231-3153

9

TELEPHONE
714-491-0563
714-938-0484
714-447-4203
714-777-1026
714-956-4275
530-378-0161
209-736-9289
916-729-1380
925-778-2186
925-756-7689
925-778-5725
925-754-1100
760-247-0951
760-946-9076
626-301-0982
626-462-9662
707-822-0888
805-994-7045
562-865-7622
661-854-7512
510-317-5950
805-466-6300
209-357-4150
209-358-7256
530-885-0731
530-823-1521
626-968-3521
626-969-2815
626-334-4800
661-230-6441
661-392-1201
661-663-7262
661-871-3635
661-827-1310
661-327-7017
661-364-0430
661-663-7262
661-833-3866
661-835-8502
661-393-7402
661-834-8560
661-587-7284
661-336-0372
661-833-8706
661-323-1115
661-324-0557
661-837-1572
661-871-8121
661-325-2263
661-327-1720
626-962-4210
626-960-4884
626-851-0179
951-849-2419
760-957-7125
760-253-2200
925-458-1973
951-845-8236
951-769-3949
323-771-1333
562-925-3001
562-242-1549
310-693-4869
650-592-6833
707-745-6340
707-746-6899
510-525-1411
510-843-1500
909-693-5233
760-872-1211
760-922-5938
619-472-0627
760-758-1936
760-344-8855
714-671-1850
714-529-5791
925-634-4414
925-516-6790
805-688-1055
714-523-3542
714-521-2303
714-739-0353
818-842-5878
818-846-8885
818-556-6285
818-565-0417
661-764-6488
951-922-1981
818-880-8661
760-357-6309

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
HERNANDO MARROQUIN
JESSICA EVANS
ANDREW MARROQUIN
ANDREW MARROQUIN
ANDREW MARROQUIN
DANIEL P KASSITY
SEAN PIAZZA
SEAN PIAZZA
SEAN PIAZZA
ANDREW MARROQUIN
MICHAEL S TECK
STEPHEN D PEAT
LISA DE BONO
BRIDGET RUIZ
CHRISTOPHER A KASSITY
ANDREW MARROQUIN
TAWNIE L BLADE
TAWNIE L BLADE
TAWNIE L BLADE
KERRI HARPER HOWIE
RICHARD M BECHGUENTURIAN
JASON D GOLDBLATT
RICHARD M SHALHOUB
RICHARD M SHALHOUB
RICHARD M SHALHOUB, JR.
DENNIS GRASPOINTNER
ANDREW MARROQUIN
JORDAN RUIZ
JORDAN RUIZ
JORDAN RUIZ
JORDAN RUIZ
BRADLEY HORNER
STEPHANIE W YUEN
STEPHANIE W YUEN
EDDIE PUI LUN YUEN
STEPHANIE W YUEN
MICHAEL A AGOSTINI
GEORGE RAMZI CAMPOS
CORWIN B JOHNSON
JILL A LINDSTEDT
JILL A LINDSTEDT
CHRISTOPHER ROWE
ROBERT R SUTHERLAND
TODD SUTHERLAND
TODD SUTHERLAND
TODD SUTHERLAND
COURTNEY ESCALANTE
DANIEL P KASSITY
KENNETH W RISTUBEN
KENNETH W RISTUBEN
RACQUEL RUIZ
ROBERT S ARCINIAGA
PONGDEJ TULAPHORN
PETER E HORNER
MARISOL C SANCHEZ
STEPHEN D PEAT
DENISE S HAMM
JAVIER TORRES
RICHARD M SHALHOUB
RICHARD M SHALHOUB
JOHN ABBATE
JOHN ABBATE
MARK RUIZ
RANDELL S BAREMOR
RANDELL S BAREMOR
KERRI HARPER HOWIE
KERRI HARPER HOWIE
NICOLE HARPER RAWLINS
NICOLE HARPER RAWLINS
BRADLEY A GOLDBLATT
HOWARD S GOLDBLATT
JOHN ABBATE
SCOTT I RODRICK
EDDIE PUI LUN YUEN
EDDIE PUI LUN YUEN
EDDIE PUI LUN YUEN
ELIZABETH YUEN
ELIZABETH YUEN
MICHAEL T NIBEEL
VIRGINIA F MANGIONE
ROBERT M NIBEEL
NEAL RUBY
NEAL RUBY
ABDUL RAHIM AREF
MARGARITA T WORLEY
HARPREET DHESI
RANDELL S BAREMOR
ANDREW CHANG
LEE A FREEMAN
ISABELLE VILLASENOR

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
9628 CALIFORNIA CITY BOULEVARD, CALIFORNIA CITY, CA 93505
1199 CALIMESA BLVD, CALIMESA, CA 92320
1650 ARNEILL ROAD, CAMARILLO, CA 93010-3402
4860 SANTA ROSA RD, CAMARILLO, CA 93012
60 DAILY DRIVE, CAMARILLO, CA 93010-5812
3356 COACH LN, CAMERON PARK, CA 95682-8453
20844 VANDEGRIFT BLVD (MARINE CORP BASE), CAMP PENDLETON, CA 92055
430314 BROWN ST (MARINE CORP BASE), CAMP PENDLETON, CA 92055
22026 VANDEGRIFT BLVD, CAMP PENDLETON NORTH, CA 92058
6750 DESOTO AVE, CANOGA PARK, CA 91303
22200 SHERMAN WAY, CANOGA PARK, CA 91303
1760 41ST AVE, CAPITOLA, CA 95010-2503
5990 AVENIDA ENCINAS, CARLSBAD, CA 92008-4405
5100 FAIR OAKS BLVD, CARMICHAEL, CA 95608
7329 FAIR OAKS BLVD, CARMICHAEL, CA 95608
1115 CASITAS PASS ROAD, CARPINTERIA, CA 93013
21836 SOUTH AVALON BLVD, CARSON, CA 90745
130 WEST SEPULVEDA BLVD, CARSON, CA 90749
20315 S AVALON BLVD, CARSON, CA 90746
17455 S CENTRAL AVE, CARSON, CA 90746
27701 W LAKE HUGHES RD, CASTAIC, CA 91384
2905 GROVE WAY, CASTRO VALLEY, CA 94546
31-545 DATE PALM DRIVE, CATHEDRAL CITY, CA 92234-3138
67555 E PALM CANYON, CATHEDRAL CITY, CA 92234
31250 BOB HOPE DRIVE, CATHEDRAL CITY, CA 92234
1500 MITCHELL RD, CERES, CA 95307
9185 N DESOTO AVE, CHATSWORTH, CA 91311
655 PALMETTO AVE, CHICO, CA 95926-4099
2452 CONNORS AVE, CHICO, CA 95926-1172
2444 NOTRE DAME BLVD, CHICO, CA 95928-7136
1388 EAST AVE, CHICO, CA 95973
12625 CENTRAL AVE, CHINO, CA 91710-3509
3770 GRAND AVE, CHINO, CA 91710
14605 RAMONA DR, CHINO, CA 91710
2559 CHINO HILLS PKY, CHINO HILLS, CA 91709
15950 LOS SERRANOS COUNTRY CLUB DR, CHINO HILLS, CA 91709
250 E ROBERTSON BLVD, CHOWCHILLA, CA 93610-9304
3400 HIGHLAND AVE, CHULA VISTA, CA 91950
1288 BROADWAY, CHULA VISTA, CA 91911-2911
1110 3RD ST, CHULA VISTA, CA 91911
725 E ST, CHULA VISTA, CA 91910-2003
619 BROADWAY, CHULA VISTA, CA 91910-5309
2254 OTAY LAKES RD, CHULA VISTA, CA 91915
551 TELEGRAPH CANYON ROAD, CHULA VISTA, CA 92010
687 EAST PALOMAR, CHULA VISTA, CA 91911
1670 MILLENIA AVE, CHULA VISTA, CA 91915
5402 SUNRISE BLVD, CITRUS HEIGHTS, CA 95610
6212 AUBURN BLVD, CITRUS HEIGHTS, CA 95621
7411 MADISON AVE, CITRUS HEIGHTS, CA 95610
7632 SUNRISE BLVD, CITRUS HEIGHTS, CA 95610-2308
7850 LICHEN DR, CITRUS HEIGHTS, CA 95621-1000
3526 E GAGE AVE, CITY OF BELL, CA 90201
6350 E WASHINGTON BLVD, CITY OF COMMERCE, CA 90040
17951 COLIMA RD, CITY OF INDUSTRY, CA 91748
860 S INDIAN HILL BLVD, CLAREMONT, CA 91711
15940 DAM RD, CLEARLAKE, CA 95422
1149 S CLOVERDALE BLVD, CLOVERDALE, CA 95425
2654 ALLUVIAL AVE, CLOVIS, CA 93611
83131 AVENUE 48, COACHELLA, CA 92236
50090 HARRISON ST, COACHELLA, CA 92236
396 W ELM AVE, COALINGA, CA 93210-1926
25145 W DORRIS AVE, COALINGA, CA 93210-9723
501 S AUBURN RD, COLFAX, CA 95713
225 W VALLEY BLVD, COLTON, CA 92324-2933
1201 S MOUNT VERNON AVE, COLTON, CA 92324-4200
101 S COMPTON, COMPTON, CA 90220
1105 LONG BEACH BLVD, COMPTON, CA 90221
901 S LONG BEACH BLVD, COMPTON, CA 90221
1733 ALAMEDA ST, COMPTON, CA 90220
4550 CLAYTON RD, CONCORD, CA 94521-2850
1691 MONUMENT BLVD, CONCORD, CA 94520-4101
2003 WHITLEY AVE, CORCORAN, CA 93212-2017
3375 SUNRISE WAY, CORNING, CA 96021-9748
310 S LINCOLN ST, CORONA, CA 92882
1215 MAGNOLIA AVE, CORONA, CA 92879
808 SERFAS CLUB DR, CORONA, CA 92882
400 MCKINLEY ST, CORONA, CA 92879
1298 E ONTARIO AVE, CORONA, CA 92879
290 BRISTOL STREET, COSTA MESA, CA 92626
3099 S BRISTOL ST, COSTA MESA, CA 92626
3141 HARBOR BLVD, COSTA MESA, CA 92626
635 WEST 19TH STREET, COSTA MESA, CA 92627
2300 HARBOR BLVD, COSTA MESA, CA 92626
121 N GRAND AVE, COVINA, CA 91723
928 N AZUSA AVE, COVINA, CA 91722
380 M ST, CRESCENT CITY, CA 95531-4119
24078 LAKE DRIVE, CRESTLINE, CA 92325
8029 ATLANTIC AVE, CUDAHY, CA 90201
10990 N STELLING RD, CUPERTINO, CA 95014
10115 VALLEY VIEW RD, CYPRESS, CA 90630-4602

10

TELEPHONE
760-373-3399
909-795-0895
805-987-1115
805-484-9616
805-484-2535
530-677-5944
760-430-4630
760-237-3723
760-385-0235
818-346-0634
818-340-0091
831-476-1512
760-931-9311
916-971-6920
916-488-8233
805-684-7818
310-549-2950
310-847-7543
310-329-6085
310-885-5500
661-295-1623
510-538-1975
760-324-5250
760-202-0668
760-992-5092
209-538-0382
818-576-0008
530-895-9900
530-895-9740
530-899-1285
530-894-7011
909-591-7772
909-590-0557
909-393-3885
909-606-4800
909-606-8883
559-665-7305
619-498-8550
619-585-7341
619-422-3803
619-422-3668
619-422-3744
619-240-3074
619-421-5692
619-216-7599
619-349-3334
916-967-8267
916-725-4359
916-961-8348
916-726-6700
916-721-7773
323-277-9673
323-722-5535
626-810-1464
909-482-4996
707-994-6191
707-894-4588
559-299-1422
760-342-0896
760-398-5600
559-935-1740
559-935-3614
530-346-6088
951-330-1717
909-824-2540
310-635-0688
310-638-9417
310-638-7526
310-669-8802
925-825-5585
925-680-7267
559-992-5833
530-824-2671
951-735-6690
951-734-5211
951-340-9089
951-371-7060
951-736-1003
714-557-1438
714-540-1951
714-549-1279
949-631-1943
949-642-7561
626-858-1750
626-859-0176
707-464-1913
909-693-3388
323-560-1660
408-255-7576
714-826-3861

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
COSME W FAGUNDO
DENISE S HAMM
SCOTT I RODRICK
ROBERT M NIBEEL
PHYLLIS GOLDBLATT
DENNIS GRASPOINTNER
CHRISTIAN M SANDOVAL
JOEY CINQUEMANI
JOEY CINQUEMANI
RICHARD M SHALHOUB
DAVID HORNER
TODD HORNER
BETTY ANN TORRES
JAVIER TORRES
ZACHARY GOLDBLATT
DENNIS GRASPOINTNER
RONALD J PIAZZA
PONGDEJ TULAPHORN
PONGDEJ TULAPHORN
PONGDEJ TULAPHORN
MICHAEL E PERNECKY
MICHAEL E PERNECKY
JASON D GOLDBLATT
RANDOLPH A GARCIA
MATTHEW R DELPH
RANDELL S BAREMOR
VERONICA SANCHEZ SOTO
VERONICA SANCHEZ SOTO
MATTHEW V TULAPHORN
LARRY C TRIPPLETT
LARRY C TRIPPLETT
RICHARD M SHALHOUB, JR.
LESLIE MANNES
LESLIE MANNES
CHRISTOPHER ROWE
CHRISTOPHER ROWE
CHRISTOPHER ROWE
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
ALADDIN DINO SAMMAKIEH
DANIEL P KASSITY
DEAN R SANCHEZ
VERONICA SANCHEZ SOTO
VERONICA SANCHEZ SOTO
VICTOR QUIROZ
RICHARD BLADE
LISA DE BONO
DENNIS GRASPOINTNER
CRAIG M SCHRADER
CRAIG M SCHRADER
CRAIG M SCHRADER
CRAIG M SCHRADER
MEGHAN M SCHRADER
LISA DE BONO
LISA DE BONO
HELEN HO
STEVEN HO
JAY HAZARI
LESLIE MANNES
LESLIE MANNES
SEAN PIAZZA
SEAN PIAZZA
SEAN PIAZZA
COSME A FAGUNDO
COSME A FAGUNDO
ROGER P DELPH
RACHEL G JOHNSON
PHYLLIS GOLDBLATT
HARRIS LIU
HARRIS LIU
LISA TOLBERT
C. C YIN
SEAN PIAZZA
ROGER P DELPH
RICHARD M BECHGUENTURIAN
JOHN ABBATE
JOHN ABBATE
COURTNEY ESCALANTE
JAY HAZARI
TARA KASSITY
JULIE CARTIE
JESSICA EVANS
EDDIE PUI LUN YUEN
STEPHANIE W YUEN
ADAM KAPLAN
COSME A FAGUNDO
VALERIE KILDUFF
VIRGINIA F MANGIONE
ROBERT M NIBEEL
JOHN ABBATE

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
2450 JUNIPERO SERRA BLVD, DALY CITY, CA 94015-1632
505 SERRAMONTE BLVD, DALY CITY, CA 94015-4372
2750 GENEVA AVE, DALY CITY, CA 94014-1521
34277 SOUTH PACIFIC COAST HIGHWAY, DANA POINT, CA 92629-2823
10000 CROW CANYON RD, DANVILLE, CA 94526
4444 CHILES RD, DAVIS, CA 95616-4340
2705 VIA DE LA VALLE, DEL MAR, CA 92014-1905
907 CECIL AVE, DELANO, CA 93215-1420
610 WOOLLOMES AVE, DELANO, CA 93215
14280 PALM DR, DESERT HOT SPRINGS, CA 92240-6846
21095 GOLDEN SPRINGS RD, DIAMOND BAR, CA 91789
205 SOUTH DIAMOND BAR BLVD, DIAMOND BAR, CA 91765-1606
1725 E EL MONTE WAY, DINUBA, CA 93618-9317
700 W EL MONTE WAY (WM #5394), DINUBA, CA 93618
14896 HIGHWAY 4, DISCOVERY BAY, CA 94514
1410 ARY LN, DIXON, CA 95620-4200
10207 LAKEWOOD BLVD, DOWNEY, CA 90240
8855 ROSECRANS AVE, DOWNEY, CA 90242
7740 E FIRESTONE BLVD, DOWNEY, CA 90241
9475 FIRESTONE BLVD, DOWNEY, CA 90241
1122 E HUNTINGTON DR, DUARTE, CA 91010-2451
1600 S MOUNTAIN AVE (WM #2401), DUARTE, CA 91010
7145 DUBLIN AVE, DUBLIN, CA 94568
7331 N FIGUEROA ST, EAGLE ROCK, CA 90041
975 N EARLIMART AVENUE, EARLIMART, CA 93219
1855 E FLORIDA AVE, EAST HEMET, CA 92544
5545 E WHITTIER BLVD, EAST LOS ANGELES, CA 90022
269 S ATLANTIC BLVD, EAST LOS ANGELES, CA 90022
3868 E 3RD ST, EAST LOS ANGELES, CA 90063
2401 UNIVERSITY AVE, EAST PALO ALTO, CA 94303
1721 E BAYSHORE AVENUE, EAST PALO ALTO, CA 94303
12508 LIMONITE AVE, EASTVALE, CA 91752
281 N 2ND ST, EL CAJON, CA 92021-7243
886 FLETCHER PKY, EL CAJON, CA 92020-1818
1695 E MAIN ST, EL CAJON, CA 92021-5205
2646 JAMACHA RD, EL CAJON, CA 92019
13574 CAMINO CANADA, EL CAJON, CA 92021
345 N IMPERIAL AVE, EL CENTRO, CA 92243-2326
1990 S 4TH ST, EL CENTRO, CA 92243
11821 SAN PABLO AVE, EL CERRITO, CA 94530-1751
4312 TOWN CENTER BLVD, EL DORADO HILLS, CA 95762
11612 E VALLEY BLVD, EL MONTE, CA 91732-3036
4851 SANTA ANITA RD, EL MONTE, CA 91731
9960 E VALLEY BLVD, EL MONTE, CA 91731
2715 BLACK OAK DR, EL PASO DE ROBLES, CA 93446
101 S SEPULVEDA BLVD, EL SEGUNDO, CA 90245
23861 BRIDGER RD, EL TORO, CA 92630-3712
2733 ELK GROVE BLVD, ELK GROVE, CA 95758
8710 ELK GROVE BLVD, ELK GROVE, CA 95624-1737
7527 LAGUNA BLVD, ELK GROVE, CA 95758
8282 LAGUNA BLVD, ELK GROVE, CA 95758
8361 SHELDON ROAD, ELK GROVE, CA 95624
10051 BRUCEVILLE ROAD, ELK GROVE, CA 95757
1271 ENCINITAS BLVD, ENCINITAS, CA 92024
1064 N EL CAMINO REAL, ENCINITAS, CA 92024
17641 VENTURA BLVD, ENCINO, CA 91316-3842
15700 VENTURA BLVD, ENCINO, CA 91436
1960 MCHENRY AVE, ESCALON, CA 95320
1146 E VALLEY PKY, ESCONDIDO, CA 92025
340 W MISSION AVE, ESCONDIDO, CA 92025
360 W FELICITA AVE, ESCONDIDO, CA 92025
1050 W VALLEY PKY, ESCONDIDO, CA 92025
3400 DEL LAGO BLVD, ESCONDIDO, CA 92029
1730 4TH ST, EUREKA, CA 95501-0722
3450 S BROADWAY, EUREKA, CA 95503-3848
1109 W VISALIA RD, EXETER, CA 93221-2204
5301 HAZEL AVE, FAIR OAKS, CA 95628
4400 CENTRAL PL, FAIRFIELD, CA 94533
3080 TRAVIS BLVD, FAIRFIELD, CA 94533-3443
3500 NELSON ROAD, FAIRFIELD, CA 94533
699 BECK AVE, FAIRFIELD, CA 94533
2212 NO TEXAS ST, FAIRFIELD, CA 94533-2102
143 AMMUNITION ROAD, FALLBROOK, CA 92028
430 W NOBLE RD, FARMERSVILLE, CA 93223
908 VENTURA ST, FILLMORE, CA 93015
46330 PANOCHE ROAD, FIREBAUGH, CA 93622
870 N STREET, FIREBAUGH, CA 93622
6612 FOLSOM-AUBURN RD, FOLSOM, CA 95630-2103
2757 E BIDWELL ST, FOLSOM, CA 95630
697 E BIDWELL ST, FOLSOM, CA 95630-3120
10143 SIERRA AVE, FONTANA, CA 92335-6724
11663 CHERRY LN, FONTANA, CA 92337
17017 SIERRA LAKES PKWY, FONTANA, CA 92377
3870 SIERRA, FONTANA, CA 92336
26692 PORTOLA PKY, FOOTHILL RANCH, CA 92610
761 S FORTUNA BLVD, FORTUNA, CA 95540-3034
1101 TRITON DR, FOSTER CITY, CA 94404-1213
11321 TALBERT AVE, FOUNTAIN VALLEY, CA 92708-5408
18962 BROOKHURST STREET, FOUNTAIN VALLEY, CA 92708-7306
327 W MERCED, FOWLER, CA 93625

11

TELEPHONE
650-756-6300
650-756-0993
415-467-1666
949-661-2643
925-736-8940
530-753-5001
858-481-8595
661-725-4646
661-720-9774
760-329-3449
909-598-4150
909-861-2624
559-591-1456
559-591-6446
925-513-4025
707-678-1256
562-622-9248
562-529-7704
562-622-2716
562-923-0313
626-359-0985
626-359-3202
925-829-0292
323-344-7423
661-849-8950
951-533-7708
323-721-1345
323-264-7433
323-265-3029
650-326-6090
650-328-2184
951-280-0226
619-447-9595
619-579-2228
619-440-4288
619-670-3171
619-390-6571
760-353-0446
760-353-8511
510-232-2121
916-933-2868
626-579-1047
626-443-9272
626-350-3375
805-239-2805
310-640-2019
949-768-2976
916-478-9245
916-585-5507
916-585-5455
916-585-5469
916-333-7048
916-585-5503
760-753-1503
760-943-9498
818-995-0052
818-784-0117
209-938-6315
760-746-2727
760-741-0368
760-489-0230
760-745-8797
760-738-8086
707-442-8821
707-442-5981
559-592-5810
916-967-1642
707-864-1001
707-422-1044
707-709-6042
707-421-9137
707-421-2867
760-728-6359
559-741-1794
805-524-4122
559-659-6918
000-000-0000
916-987-0151
916-984-6305
916-983-7715
909-428-7932
909-854-5266
909-574-2087
909-349-1262
949-460-0203
707-725-9530
650-341-4832
714-434-0717
714-968-8901
559-834-2740

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
MARK BERNARDIN
MARK BERNARDIN
MARK BERNARDIN
ANTHONY EWELL
COSME A FAGUNDO
SOHAN SHARMA
JOHN ABBATE
JOHN ABBATE
JOHN ABBATE
MICHAEL A AGOSTINI
DIANA M TORRES
JAVIER L TORRES
JAVIER TORRES
JAVIER TORRES
JAVIER TORRES
JAVIER TORRES
JAVIER TORRES
STEPHEN D PEAT
BRADLEY HORNER
BRADLEY HORNER
TODD HORNER
SHARON M MACDONALD
CRAIG M SCHRADER
CRAIG M SCHRADER
VIRGINIA F MANGIONE
ROBERT M NIBEEL
PATTI ANN WIDDICOMBE
PATTI ANN WIDDICOMBE
PATTI ANN WIDDICOMBE
PATTI ANN WIDDICOMBE
ANDREW CHANG
TI CHANG
TI CHANG
TI CHANG
KERRI HARPER HOWIE
SEAN Q LUCERO
SUZETTE HOFMAN
JANET C PEAT
STEPHEN D PEAT
STEPHEN D PEAT
PAUL PERNECKY
MARGARITA T WORLEY
DAVID S PETERSON
DAVID S PETERSON
RAYMOND COSTA
RICHARD M BECHGUENTURIAN
MICHAEL S TECK
TODD HORNER
MAX RUIZ
RAYMOND COSTA
LISA TOLBERT
MICHAEL W SMITH
JOHN ABBATE
BRADLEY HORNER
BRADLEY HORNER
AMANDA L O'LEARY
JOHN ABBATE
JOHN ABBATE
JOHN ABBATE
RONALD J PIAZZA
TAWNIE L BLADE
TAWNIE L BLADE
FRANCES R JONES
BRADLEY A GOLDBLATT
BRADLEY A GOLDBLATT
JASON D GOLDBLATT
JASON D GOLDBLATT
JASON D GOLDBLATT
LARRY C TRIPPLETT
JEFF HAMM
RANDELL S BAREMOR
RANDELL S BAREMOR
RANDELL S BAREMOR
EST OF ALAN S WONG
MARISOL C SANCHEZ
MARISOL C SANCHEZ
MARISOL C SANCHEZ
RANDELL S BAREMOR
CHRISTOPHER ISHIDA
DENNIS GRASPOINTNER
RAYMOND COSTA
SUZETTE HOFMAN
PATRICIA YOON
PATRICIA YOON
PATRICIA YOON
CATHERINE LARDAS
CATHERINE LARDAS
CATHERINE LARDAS
SEAN PIAZZA
SEAN PIAZZA

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
40708 GRIMMER BLVD, FREMONT, CA 94538-2845
38860 FREMONT BLVD, FREMONT, CA 94536-6909
42800 MISSION BLVD, FREMONT, CA 94539-5301
3990 DECOTO RD, FREMONT, CA 94536
4101 CUSHING PKY, FREMONT, CA 94536
4318 THORNTON AVE, FREMONT, CA 94536-4828
3110 E JENSEN, FRESNO, CA 93706-5113
3798 W SHIELDS AVE, FRESNO, CA 93722-6702
5125 E KINGS CANYON (WM #2001), FRESNO, CA 93727
5222 W SHAW AVE, FRESNO, CA 93722-5030
6768 N CEDAR, FRESNO, CA 93710-4403
1695 E SHAW AVE, FRESNO, CA 93710-8101
7035 N MARKS AVE, FRESNO, CA 93711-0261
3237 W SHAW AVE, FRESNO, CA 93711-3225
1248 N BLACKSTONE, FRESNO, CA 93703
7025 N INGRAM AVE, FRESNO, CA 93650
6741 N RIVERSIDE DRIVE, FRESNO, CA 93722
1190 S MAIN ST, FT BRAGG, CA 95437
1341 S BROOKHURST RD, FULLERTON, CA 92833-4459
205 IMPERIAL HWY, FULLERTON, CA 92835
1891 W MALVERN AVE, FULLERTON, CA 92833
119 E CHAPMAN AVE, FULLERTON, CA 92832
324 PINE ST, GALT, CA 95632-2046
12801 STOCKTON BLVD, GALT, CA 95632
13971 HARBOR BLVD, GARDEN GROVE, CA 92843
9852 WESTMINSTER AVENUE, GARDEN GROVE, CA 92844-2907
12542 HARBOR BLVD, GARDEN GROVE, CA 92840-5803
12051 VALLEY VIEW STREET, GARDEN GROVE, CA 92845
9845 CHAPMAN AVE, GARDEN GROVE, CA 92841
11171 GARDEN GROVE BLVD, GARDEN GROVE, CA 92840
15810 CRENSHAW BLVD, GARDENA, CA 90249-4831
1747 WEST EL SEGUNDO BLVD, GARDENA, CA 90249-2011
1419 W REDONDO BEACH BLVD, GARDENA, CA 90247-3310
1398 ARTESIA BLVD, GARDENA, CA 90248-3371
15235 S FIGUEROA AVE, GARDENA, CA 90248
850 W ROSECRANS AVE, GARDENA, CA 90247
7150 CAMINO ARROYO (WM #2002), GILROY, CA 95020
797 FIRST ST, GILROY, CA 95020-4918
6990 AUTOMALL PARKWAY, GILROY, CA 95020-6635
8390 ARROYO CIRCLE, GILROY, CA 95020
1835 ALOSTA AVE, GLENDORA, CA 91741
117 W ARROW HWY, GLENDORA, CA 91740-5963
146 S FAIRVIEW AVENUE, GOLETA, CA 93117
6900 MARKETPLACE DRIVE, GOLETA, CA 93117
805 5TH ST, GONZALES, CA 93926
49714 GORMAN SCHOOL RD, GORMAN, CA 93243
11840 BALBOA BLVD, GRANADA HILLS, CA 91344
22257 BARTON RD, GRAND TERRACE, CA 92313
11954 NEVADA CITY HWY, GRASS VALLEY, CA 95945-9302
501 EL CAMINO REAL, GREENFIELD, CA 93927
1513 HWY 99, GRIDLEY, CA 95948-3106
1550 GRAND AVE, GROVER BEACH, CA 93433
430 FIRST AVENUE, GUSTINE, CA 95322
3123 HACIENDA BLVD, HACIENDA HEIGHT, CA 91745
15628 GALE AVE, HACIENDA HEIGHTS, CA 91745-1516
100 N CABRILLO HWY, HALF MOON BAY, CA 94019-1609
335 W LACEY BLVD, HANFORD, CA 93230-4435
810 W GRANGEVILLE, HANFORD, CA 93230
110 N 12TH AVE, HANFORD, CA 93230
12029 E CARSON ST, HAWAIIAN GARDENS, CA 90716
5306 W ROSECRANS AVE, HAWTHORNE, CA 90250
3571 ROSECRANS AVE, HAWTHORNE, CA 90250
4160 EL SEGUNDO BLVD, HAWTHORNE, CA 90250-4516
18708 HESPERIAN BLVD, HAYWARD, CA 94541-2248
2299 W TENNYSON RD, HAYWARD, CA 94545-4233
23989 WATKINS ST, HAYWARD, CA 94544-1028
26253 MISSION BLVD, HAYWARD, CA 94544-3030
355 W A ST, HAYWARD, CA 94541
30147 INDUSTRIAL PARKWAY SOUTHWEST, HAYWARD, CA 94544-6905
110 HEALDSBURG AVE, HEALDSBURG, CA 95448-4018
2321 W FLORIDA, HEMET, CA 92545
1231 S SANDERSON AVE (WM #1853), HEMET, CA 92543
290 W STETSON AVE, HEMET, CA 92543
1570 SYCAMORE AVE, HERCULES, CA 94547-1701
17284 MAIN ST, HESPERIA, CA 92345-6118
14466 MAIN ST PAD G, HESPERIA, CA 92345
11487 FASHION COURT, HESPERIA, CA 92344
27774 BASELINE AVE, HIGHLAND, CA 92346
4210 HIGHLAND AVE (WM #1914), HIGHLAND, CA 92346-2742
7960 N LANDER AVE, HILMAR, CA 95324
1711 AIRLINE HWY, HOLLISTER, CA 95023
151 SAN FELIPE RD, HOLLISTER, CA 95023-3029
1133 N LA BREA AVE, HOLLYWOOD, CA 90038
1413 NORTH VINE, HOLLYWOOD, CA 90028
6776 HOLLYWOOD BLVD, HOLLYWOOD, CA 90028
16866 BEACH BLVD, HUNTINGTON BEACH, CA 92647-4800
6561 EDINGER BLVD, HUNTINGTON BEACH, CA 92647
20362 BEACH BLVD, HUNTINGTON BEACH, CA 92646
5095 WARNER AVE, HUNTINGTON BEACH, CA 92649
19350 GOLDENWEST STREET, HUNTINGTON BEACH, CA 92648

12

TELEPHONE
510-490-0929
510-790-3954
510-656-9375
510-742-1438
510-656-5692
510-791-7400
559-266-8382
559-274-1284
559-456-4505
559-276-7722
559-324-7168
559-226-6668
559-438-8485
559-225-2870
559-498-8435
559-420-1244
559-271-4613
707-964-3122
714-870-0171
714-447-6923
714-680-6830
714-879-3338
209-251-7930
209-251-7934
714-554-5758
714-530-3694
714-971-2840
714-372-3934
714-319-0186
714-537-4605
310-538-5183
323-779-7322
310-324-8619
310-538-4977
310-329-5511
310-538-3279
408-848-2509
408-842-2524
408-842-7775
408-847-5446
626-963-4781
626-963-2210
805-964-6313
805-961-8159
831-675-8753
661-248-1513
818-360-8859
909-824-6000
530-273-2518
831-674-5675
530-846-3222
805-481-0560
209-854-3442
626-961-9351
626-333-8908
650-726-1222
559-584-3422
559-584-1988
559-587-4558
562-402-8039
310-643-6691
310-349-1140
323-772-9619
510-481-2825
510-887-3021
510-881-5294
510-538-8447
510-732-1901
510-471-8292
707-431-8846
951-533-3696
951-652-2412
951-533-2041
510-245-0912
760-948-1202
760-948-2171
760-253-8882
951-533-8748
909-864-2146
209-669-9982
831-637-9143
831-637-0553
323-876-8844
323-461-0863
323-464-2720
714-848-1361
714-895-1476
714-536-7977
714-377-9201
714-960-2935

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
FRANCES R JONES
PONGDEJ TULAPHORN
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
CORWIN B JOHNSON
RICHARD M SHALHOUB
RICHARD M SHALHOUB
STACEY SHALHOUB
KERRI HARPER HOWIE
SEAN Q LUCERO
ROBERT M NIBEEL
ROBERT M NIBEEL
ROBERT M NIBEEL
ROBERT M NIBEEL
ROBERT M NIBEEL
ROBERT M NIBEEL
MICHAEL E PERNECKY
MARGARITA T WORLEY
CRAIG M SCHRADER
MICHAEL A AGOSTINI
JOHN ABBATE
RAYMOND COSTA
KEVIN A DELPH
JULIE PERNECKY
PETER E HORNER
NEAL RUBY
SABINA KAITLEE CAMPOS
CHRISTOPHER ROWE
CHRISTOPHER ROWE
NATHAN CARTER
BRADLEY HORNER
JULIE PERNECKY
FRANCISCO M SANCHEZ
STACEY SHALHOUB
STACEY SHALHOUB
DAVID HORNER
ROBERT M NIBEEL
HOWARD S GOLDBLATT
ROBERT M NIBEEL
ROBERT M NIBEEL
ROBERT M NIBEEL
RANDELL S BAREMOR
MATHEW AJAYI
MATHEW AJAYI
JENNIFER BRIONES
ROBERT M NIBEEL
STEPHEN D PEAT
GEORGE RAMZI CAMPOS
RONALD J PIAZZA
RONALD J PIAZZA
RONALD J PIAZZA
RONALD J PIAZZA
MARYANN PACIULLO
ARLENE LADDARAN
ARLENE LADDARAN
ANDREW MARROQUIN
HERNANDO MARROQUIN
HERNANDO MARROQUIN
HERNANDO MARROQUIN
MEGHAN M SCHRADER
FRANCES R JONES
TRISHA GALLO-ESCOBAR
LESLIE MANNES
JOHN ABBATE
JOHN ABBATE
MARK RUIZ
ROSANNA RUIZ
ROGER P DELPH
ANDREW MARROQUIN
TIMOTHY PAUL MORGAN
TIMOTHY PAUL MORGAN
TIMOTHY PAUL MORGAN
DENNIS GRASPOINTNER
COREY D JOHNSON
CRAIG M SCHRADER
MEGHAN M SCHRADER
NANCY J SCHRADER
NANCY J SCHRADER
WAHID U BALKHI
TAWNIE L BLADE
PAMELA MACAL
ANDREW MARROQUIN
JESSICA J D'AMBRA
JESSICA J D'AMBRA
JESSICA J D'AMBRA
JESSICA J D'AMBRA
KEVIN KASHA
VIRGINIA F MANGIONE
MICHAEL J MANGIONE JR.
MICHAEL J MANGIONE JR.
JO ANNE MODARELLI

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
2931 E FLORENCE, HUNTINGTON PARK, CA 90255
2584 SLAUSON AVE, HUNTINGTON PARK, CA 90255-2837
810 N IMPERIAL AVE, IMPERIAL, CA 92251
1135 PALM AVENUE, IMPERIAL BEACH, CA 91932
81-544 HIGHWAY 111, INDIO, CA 92201-5411
42550 JACKSON STREET, INDIO, CA 92203
42295 JEFFERSON ST, INDIO, CA 92201
2900 IMPERIAL HWY, INGLEWOOD, CA 90303-3113
401 MANCHESTER BLVD, INGLEWOOD, CA 90301
1780 MAIN ST, IRVINE, CA 92614-6717
15459 CULVER DRIVE, IRVINE, CA 92606
84 CORPORATE PARK, IRVINE, CA 92606
5445 ALTON PARKWAY, IRVINE, CA 92614
16231 LAKE FOREST DR, IRVINE, CA 92618
3853 PORTOLA PARKWAY, IRVINE, CA 92620
6650 IRWINDALE AVE, IRWINDALE, CA 91702
5203 IRWINDALE AVE, IRWINDALE, CA 91706
12201 TRADE CENTER RD, JACKSON, CA 95642
15100 W WHITESBRIDGE AVE, KERMAN, CA 93630-1019
27513 WARD AVE, KETTLEMAN CITY, CA 93239
1350 BROADWAY CIR, KING CITY, CA 93930-3528
520 SIERRA ST, KINGSBURG, CA 93631-1710
449 FOOTHILL BLVD, LA CANADA FLINTRIDGE, CA 91011-3504
1400 S BEACH BLVD, LA HABRA, CA 90631
801 E WHITTIER BLVD, LA HABRA, CA 90631-3932
8045 FLETCHER PKY, LA MESA, CA 91942
3781 AVOCADO BLVD, LA MESA, CA 91941-7301
5500 GROSSMONT CTR (WM #5140), LA MESA, CA 91942
14871 IMPERIAL HWY, LA MIRADA, CA 90638
5062 ORANGETHORPE AVE, LA PALMA, CA 90623-1110
13847 AMAR RD, LA PUENTE, CA 91746
1830 NORTH HACIENDA BLVD, LA PUENTE, CA 91744-1141
78-962 HIGHWAY 111, LA QUINTA, CA 92253
79-225 HWY 111 (WM #1805), LA QUINTA, CA 92253
2269 FOOTHILL BLVD, LA VERNE, CA 91750
27612 ANTONIO PARKWAY, LADERA RANCH, CA 92694
3459 MT DIABLO BLVD, LAFAYETTE, CA 94549
25192 CABOT RD, LAGUNA HILLS, CA 92653-5502
27331 LA PAZ RD, LAGUNA NIGUEL, CA 92677
30305 STREET OF THE GOLDEN LANTERN, LAGUNA NIGUEL, CA 92677
28200 HWY189, LAKE ARROWHEAD, CA 92352-0026
31650 MISSION TRAIL, LAKE ELSINORE, CA 92530
18283 COLLIER AVE, LAKE ELSINORE, CA 92530
24511 TRABUCO RD, LAKE FOREST, CA 92630-2161
23742 ROCKFIELD DR, LAKE FOREST, CA 92630
1077 LAKEPORT BLVD, LAKEPORT, CA 95453-0058
9614 WINTER GARDENS BLVD, LAKESIDE, CA 92040-3909
2707 E CARSON ST, LAKEWOOD, CA 90712
4848 WOODRUFF AVE, LAKEWOOD, CA 90713
4910 LAKEWOOD BLVD, LAKEWOOD, CA 90712
5739 BELLFLOWER BLVD, LAKEWOOD, CA 90712
10320 MAIN ST, LAMONT, CA 93241
839 W AVE I, LANCASTER, CA 93534-1926
1200 W AVE K, LANCASTER, CA 93534-5922
43645 CHALLENGER WAY, LANCASTER, CA 93535
1860 E AVE J, LANCASTER, CA 93535
3015 W AVE L, LANCASTER, CA 93534
2301 LANCASTER BLVD, LANCASTER, CA 93536
300 EAST LOUISE AVENUE, LATHROP, CA 95330
15606 HAWTHORNE BLVD, LAWNDALE, CA 90260-2683
5852 DENNIS MCCARTHY DR, LEBEC, CA 93243
7164 BROADWAY, LEMON GROVE, CA 91945
1089 N LEMOORE AVE, LEMOORE, CA 93245-2336
870 FRANKLIN AVE (NAVAL AIR STATION), LEMOORE, CA 93246
290 G ST, LINCOLN, CA 95648
505 OLD HIGHWAY 65, LINCOLN, CA 95648
208 N HWY 65, LINDSAY, CA 93247-2701
8507 PEARBLOSSOM HWY, LITTLEROCK, CA 93543
283 N P ST, LIVERMORE, CA 94550-3013
4528 LAS POSITAS RD, LIVERMORE, CA 94550
805 N VASCO ROAD, LIVERMORE, CA 94550
381 JOSEPH GALLO DR, LIVINGSTON, CA 95334
200 W LODI AVE, LODI, CA 95240-3519
1613 LOWER SACRAMENTO ROAD, LODI, CA 95242
2611 REYNOLDS RANCH PKWY, LODI, CA 95240
841 E KETTLEMAN LN, LODI, CA 95240-6405
6440 W BANNER ST, LODI, CA 95242
25775 BARTON ROAD, LOMA LINDA, CA 92354
1728 LOMITA BLVD, LOMITA, CA 90717
835 NORTH H ST, LOMPOC, CA 93436-4146
601 S MAIN ST, LONE PINE, CA 93545
5860 CHERRY AVENUE, LONG BEACH, CA 90815
1000 E 4TH ST, LONG BEACH, CA 90815
5020 LONG BEACH BLVD, LONG BEACH, CA 90805
6959 ATLANTIC AVENUE, LONG BEACH, CA 90805
2290 NORTH BELLFLOWER BLVD, LONG BEACH, CA 90815
2599 LONG BEACH BLVD, LONG BEACH, CA 90806-3157
6407 E SPRING ST, LONG BEACH, CA 90808
1830 LONG BEACH BLVD, LONG BEACH, CA 90806
1705 PACIFIC COAST HWY, LONG BEACH, CA 90810

13

TELEPHONE
323-585-7873
323-581-4267
760-355-2222
619-423-8811
760-347-7556
760-347-0506
760-296-1212
323-757-8302
310-677-7575
949-250-1728
949-552-5959
949-251-1901
949-551-4700
949-788-0024
714-505-3300
626-815-8979
626-813-4323
209-217-8811
559-846-8023
559-386-0406
831-385-4323
559-897-4802
818-790-5043
562-690-4682
562-690-0034
619-698-0175
619-660-7538
619-460-0165
562-321-2051
714-521-2140
626-856-0800
626-918-4400
760-564-0618
760-564-7701
909-596-5744
949-364-8500
925-284-6215
949-462-0448
949-643-3326
949-363-0762
909-693-3413
951-245-9413
951-245-5079
949-206-9085
949-581-9261
707-263-6190
619-390-2706
562-421-5526
562-429-6525
562-531-0478
562-804-4362
661-845-3529
661-948-4119
661-945-8615
661-940-6824
661-522-3367
661-722-1187
661-802-4964
209-707-3874
310-676-4425
661-858-2127
442-372-8528
559-924-5600
559-998-6850
916-645-9757
916-408-6805
559-562-4567
661-944-5997
925-449-5768
925-449-3016
925-961-9090
209-394-3100
209-426-5844
209-426-5853
209-310-6141
209-310-2343
209-310-2302
909-478-7740
310-530-6505
805-736-9669
760-876-4355
562-422-1920
562-435-1808
562-428-6003
562-423-3758
562-430-3500
562-426-8440
562-420-3854
562-591-1137
562-432-1776

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
SEAN PIAZZA
NEAL RUBY
KEVIN KASHA
ROBERT S ARCINIAGA
ABDUL RAHIM AREF
TAWNIE L BLADE
TAWNIE L BLADE
TAWNIE L BLADE
TI CHANG
TI CHANG
JESSICA J D'AMBRA
RANDOLPH A GARCIA
RANDOLPH A GARCIA
KERRI HARPER HOWIE
KERRI HARPER HOWIE
KERRI HARPER HOWIE
NICOLE HARPER RAWLINS
NICOLE HARPER RAWLINS
NICOLE HARPER RAWLINS
NICOLE HARPER RAWLINS
NICOLE HARPER RAWLINS
NICOLE HARPER RAWLINS
NICOLE HARPER RAWLINS
NICOLE HARPER RAWLINS
NICOLE HARPER RAWLINS
NICOLE HARPER RAWLINS
HELEN HO
LINDSAY HUGHES
LINDSAY HUGHES
FRANCES R JONES
FRANCES R JONES
ARLENE LADDARAN
ANTHONY N LARDAS
ANTHONY N LARDAS
ANTHONY N LARDAS
SEAN Q LUCERO
SEAN Q LUCERO
SEAN Q LUCERO
SEAN Q LUCERO
SEAN Q LUCERO
SEAN Q LUCERO
MICHAEL J MANGIONE JR.
PAUL PERNECKY
PAUL PERNECKY
DEAN R SANCHEZ
DEAN R SANCHEZ
DEAN R SANCHEZ
DEAN R SANCHEZ
FRANK M SANCHEZ
FRANK M SANCHEZ
VERONICA SANCHEZ SOTO
VERONICA SANCHEZ SOTO
PATRICIA YOON
PATRICIA YOON
PATRICIA YOON
PATRICIA YOON
PATRICIA YOON
JOHN ABBATE
JOHN ABBATE
DANIEL BORBA
JOHN ABBATE
KERRI HARPER HOWIE
NICOLE HARPER RAWLINS
MICHAEL A AGOSTINI
MICHAEL A AGOSTINI
MICHAEL A AGOSTINI
ANTHONY N LARDAS
RICHARD BLADE
RICHARD BLADE
CARLI M SCHRADER
CATHLEEN SCHRADER
CRAIG M SCHRADER
CRAIG M SCHRADER
SUZETTE HOFMAN
HOWARD S GOLDBLATT
JOHN G COOK
SEAN PIAZZA
JOEY CINQUEMANI
COSME A FAGUNDO
JOHN ABBATE
ALEX D MESTAS
ANNA MARIE MESTAS
CONRAD J FREEMAN JR.
JOHN ABBATE
JOHN ABBATE
JOHN ABBATE
JOHN ABBATE
SCOTT I RODRICK
VALERIE KILDUFF
COSME A FAGUNDO

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
3302 E ANAHEIM BLVD, LONG BEACH, CA 90804-4025
640 LONG BEACH BLVD, LONG BEACH, CA 90813
3562 KATELLA AVE, LOS ALAMITOS, CA 90720
8681 S ALAMEDA ST, LOS ANGELES, CA 90002
1311 W WASHINGTON BLVD, LOS ANGELES, CA 90006
1712 PACIFIC COAST HWY, LOS ANGELES, CA 90717
4680 LINCOLN BLVD, LOS ANGELES, CA 90292
3501 S LA CIENEGA BLVD, LOS ANGELES, CA 90016
3602 S LA BREA AVE, LOS ANGELES, CA 90016-5312
NORMANDIE & 190TH (WM #5072), LOS ANGELES, CA 90248
11800 WILMINGTON AVE, LOS ANGELES, CA 90059-3016
1417 GLENDALE BLVD, LOS ANGELES, CA 90026
1660 VENICE BLVD, LOS ANGELES, CA 90006
1406 W MANCHESTER AVE, LOS ANGELES, CA 90047-5422
1800 S WESTERN AVENUE, LOS ANGELES, CA 90006
4000 S FIGUEROA ST, LOS ANGELES, CA 90037
2838 CRENSHAW BLVD, LOS ANGELES, CA 90016-3604
1071 MARTIN LUTHER KING JR BLVD, LOS ANGELES, CA 90037
7123 CRENSHAW BLVD, LOS ANGELES, CA 90043
10011 S AVALON BLVD, LOS ANGELES, CA 90003
4348 SUNSET BLVD, LOS ANGELES, CA 90029-2112
1210 S SOTO ST, LOS ANGELES, CA 90023-2616
1118 SLAUSON AVENUE, LOS ANGELES, CA 90011-4800
1900 W SLAUSON AVE, LOS ANGELES, CA 90062
2215 W MARTIN LUTHER KING JR BLVD, LOS ANGELES, CA 90008
1160 E ROSECRANS AVENUE, LOS ANGELES, CA 90059-3645
21901 ERWIN ST, LOS ANGELES, CA 91367
988 W SLAUSON AVE, LOS ANGELES, CA 90043
505 W FLORENCE AVE, LOS ANGELES, CA 90044
6904 LA TIJERA BLVD, LOS ANGELES, CA 90045-1954
5908 W MANCHESTER AVE, LOS ANGELES, CA 90045
1763 W CENTURY BLVD, LOS ANGELES, CA 90050
6345 WILSHIRE BLVD, LOS ANGELES, CA 90048
4292 CRENSHAW BLVD, LOS ANGELES, CA 90008
5015 W SLAUSON AVE, LOS ANGELES, CA 90056
2810 SOUTH FIGUEROA ST, LOS ANGELES, CA 90007-3257
2020 W OLYMPIC BLVD, LOS ANGELES, CA 90006
501 W IMPERIAL HWY, LOS ANGELES, CA 90044-4222
405 N ALVARADO ST, LOS ANGELES, CA 90026
4011 S CENTRAL, LOS ANGELES, CA 90059
1625 WILSHIRE BLVD, LOS ANGELES, CA 90017
695 S WESTERN AVE, LOS ANGELES, CA 90005
4947 HUNTINGTON DR, LOS ANGELES, CA 90032-1643
5008 N FIGUEROA ST, LOS ANGELES, CA 90042
3458 WHITTIER BLVD, LOS ANGELES, CA 90023
1716 MARENGO ST, LOS ANGELES, CA 90033-1315
245 N SOTO ST, LOS ANGELES, CA 90033-2914
2224 N FIGUEROA ST, LOS ANGELES, CA 90065
201 W WASHINGTON BLVD, LOS ANGELES, CA 90007
690 ALAMEDA ST, LOS ANGELES, CA 90021
1617 N EASTERN AVENUE, LOS ANGELES, CA 90063-1053
1310 E OLYMPIC BLVD, LOS ANGELES, CA 90021
5930 W PICO BLVD, LOS ANGELES, CA 90035-2658
1231 S LA BREA AVE, LOS ANGELES, CA 90019-1627
11300 NATIONAL BLVD, LOS ANGELES, CA 90064-3727
10611 W PICO BLVD, LOS ANGELES, CA 90064-2213
3105 N BROADWAY, LOS ANGELES, CA 90031-2703
1480 S MERCEY SPRINGS RD, LOS BANOS, CA 93635-4928
1500 WEST PACHECO BLVD, LOS BANOS, CA 93635
15475 LOS GATOS BLVD, LOS GATOS, CA 95032-2501
14802 POWERS ST, LOST HILLS, CA 93249
10721 ATLANTIC AVE, LYNWOOD, CA 90262
11170 LONG BEACH BLVD, LYNWOOD, CA 90262
1500 HOWARD RD, MADERA, CA 93637-5127
2290 W CLEVELAND AVENUE, MADERA, CA 93637
1406 WEST YOSEMITE AVENUE, MADERA, CA 93637
22725 PACIFIC COAST HIGHWAY, MALIBU, CA 90265-5038
1203 ARTESIA BLVD, MANHATTAN BEACH, CA 90266-6904
1852 MANHATTAN BEACH BLVD, MANHATTAN BEACH, CA 90266-6222
1360 E YOSEMITE AVE, MANTECA, CA 95336
2050 DANIELS STREET, MANTECA, CA 95337
1236 W YOSEMITE AVE, MANTECA, CA 95336
1137 WEST LATHROP ROAD, MANTECA, CA 95336
267 RESERVATION RD, MARINA, CA 93933-3185
1185 ARNOLD DR, MARTINEZ, CA 94553-4104
316 E STREET, MARYSVILLE, CA 95901-5925
5901 ATLANTIC AVE, MAYWOOD, CA 90270-3116
101 W SHERWOOD AVENUE, MCFARLAND, CA 93250
1500 ANNA SPARKS WAY, MCKINLEYVILLE, CA 95519
750 DERRICK AVENUE, MENDOTA, CA 93640
26875 NEWPORT ROAD, MENIFEE, CA 92584
29015 NEWPORT ROAD, MENIFEE, CA 92584
1100 EL CAMINO REAL, MENLO PARK, CA 94025-4308
206 W OLIVE AVE, MERCED, CA 95348-3136
1060 WEST 13TH STREET, MERCED, CA 95340-5817
1821 MOTEL DR, MERCED, CA 95340-5327
3140 CAMPUS PARKWAY, MERCED, CA 95340
600 REDWOOD HWY, MILL VALLEY, CA 94941-3071
1101 EL CAMINO REAL, MILLBRAE, CA 94030
1854 N MILPITAS BLVD, MILPITAS, CA 95035-2714

14

TELEPHONE
562-494-3939
562-437-6186
562-799-9232
323-583-3266
213-749-7221
310-530-9520
310-305-4589
310-845-9674
323-295-0137
310-781-3729
323-564-3448
213-483-8661
323-733-8697
323-752-9363
323-735-3767
323-232-6768
323-731-0046
323-731-3666
323-750-2614
323-756-7094
323-660-4166
323-267-1717
323-231-2740
323-294-5990
323-299-2259
310-604-0502
818-883-3463
323-778-3526
323-750-3693
310-649-5617
310-410-3200
323-754-7738
323-655-6116
323-292-4315
323-299-0974
213-749-1105
213-536-4573
323-756-9006
213-413-3724
323-233-3548
213-483-8702
213-384-6414
323-342-0669
323-982-1581
323-263-2559
323-221-4980
323-263-9447
323-223-3659
213-746-0525
213-489-1989
323-264-7300
213-612-0129
323-933-1089
323-936-1501
310-477-9301
310-470-9919
323-227-4056
209-827-0237
209-829-1566
408-356-2355
661-797-2111
310-632-5255
310-631-4311
559-674-8241
559-664-0905
559-664-9310
310-456-6996
310-379-7755
310-318-1588
209-707-3878
209-707-3851
209-707-3870
209-707-3882
831-384-9004
925-229-0757
530-742-6214
323-560-2300
661-792-9049
707-839-8927
559-655-8096
951-566-5960
951-679-5797
650-321-1813
209-723-6421
209-723-7030
209-723-3538
209-437-0489
415-383-0184
650-873-3680
408-945-6466

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
STACEY HENLEY
STACEY HENLEY
SHARON M MACDONALD
ROBERT M NIBEEL
BRANDON T GRASPOINTNER
BRANDON T GRASPOINTNER
BRANDON T GRASPOINTNER
DENNIS GRASPOINTNER
DENNIS GRASPOINTNER
DENNIS GRASPOINTNER
DENNIS GRASPOINTNER
DENNIS GRASPOINTNER
JUSTIN L GRASPOINTNER
JAY HAZARI
JAY HAZARI
CARL M JEVERT, JR.
CARLI M SCHRADER
CARLI M SCHRADER
HERNANDO MARROQUIN
MICHAEL E PERNECKY
BRADLEY HORNER
AYMAN YOUSSEF
JULIE PERNECKY
PAUL PERNECKY
SUZETTE HOFMAN
ANDREW CHANG
ANTHONY MANGIONE
ANTHONY MANGIONE
ANTHONY MANGIONE
ANTHONY MANGIONE
JAMES C HENLEY
JAMES C HENLEY
JAMES C HENLEY
SANAE SMITH
CONRAD FREEMAN III
CONRAD J FREEMAN JR.
DORA YOUSSEF
DORA YOUSSEF
ANNA MARIE MESTAS
RICHARD M SHALHOUB
RICHARD M BECHGUENTURIAN
SCOTT L LAMSON
SCOTT L LAMSON
GEORGE RAMZI CAMPOS
SABINA KAITLEE CAMPOS
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
RAHUL SHARMA
SOHAN SHARMA
ANDREW MARROQUIN
ROBERT M NIBEEL
PAMELA MACAL
ELIZABETH YUEN
ELIZABETH YUEN
DANIEL P KASSITY
DANIEL P KASSITY
ANDREW MARROQUIN
HERNANDO MARROQUIN
MICHAEL S TECK
RICHARD M BECHGUENTURIAN
RICHARD M BECHGUENTURIAN
RAFAEL HERRERA
RAFAEL HERRERA
ANDREW MARROQUIN
HERNANDO MARROQUIN
MICHAEL S TECK
MICHAEL S TECK
LISA DE BONO
DAVID HORNER
PATRICIA YOON
PATRICIA YOON
SCOTT L LAMSON
GREGORY M SINIGIANI
JAY HAZARI
JOHN ABBATE
CONRAD FREEMAN III
CONRAD FREEMAN III
CONRAD FREEMAN III
CONRAD FREEMAN III
BOBBY O HAYNES, JR.
BOBBY O HAYNES, JR.
BOBBY O HAYNES, JR.
ALADDIN DINO SAMMAKIEH
ALADDIN DINO SAMMAKIEH
JOSEPH WONG
BRADLEY A GOLDBLATT
PHYLLIS GOLDBLATT
LISA DE BONO
FRANCISCO M SANCHEZ
FRANCISCO M SANCHEZ
FRANCISCO M SANCHEZ

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
41 RANCH DR, MILPITAS, CA 95035
1249 GREAT MALL DR, MILPITAS, CA 95035
26902 TRABUCO ROAD, MISSION VIEJO, CA 92691
27700 SANTA MARGARITA PKY, MISSION VIEJO, CA 92691-6653
3430 TULLY RD, MODESTO, CA 95350-0815
901 N CARPENTER RD, MODESTO, CA 95351-1182
3500 COFFEE RD, MODESTO, CA 95355
900 9TH ST, MODESTO, CA 95354
3801 YOSEMITE BLVD, MODESTO, CA 95357
1280 E WHITMORE, MODESTO, CA 95358
409 PARADISE ROAD, MODESTO, CA 95351
1101 CROWS LANDING RD, MODESTO, CA 95351
4120 DALE RD, MODESTO, CA 95356-9240
2118 MCHENRY AVE, MODESTO, CA 95350-3213
1800 PRESCOTT RD, MODESTO, CA 95350-2561
1324 E HATCH RD, MODESTO, CA 95351-5011
2601 OAKDALE RD, MODESTO, CA 95355-2254
801 OAKDALE AVE, MODESTO, CA 95355
2351 STATE HWY 58, MOJAVE, CA 93501
480 W HUNTINGTON DR, MONROVIA, CA 91016
4525 MISSION BLVD, MONTCLAIR, CA 91763
9141 CENTRAL AVE, MONTCLAIR, CA 91763-1624
2020 W BEVERLY BLVD, MONTEBELLO, CA 90640-3939
720 SAN GABRIEL BLVD, MONTEBELLO, CA 90640
610 DEL MONTE AVE, MONTEREY, CA 93940-2455
501 NEW LOS ANGELES, MOORPARK, CA 93021
12371 PERRIS BLVD, MORENO VALLEY, CA 92553
24440 ALESSANDRO BLVD, MORENO VALLEY, CA 92553
26200 IRIS AVENUE, MORENO VALLEY, CA 92555
23831 SUNNYMEAD BLVD, MORENO VALLEY, CA 92553
201 VINEYARD TOWN CTR, MORGAN HILL, CA 95037-5445
135 COCHRANE PLZ, MORGAN HILL, CA 95037-2812
17025 CONDIT RD, MORGAN HILL, CA 95037
780 QUINTANA RD, MORRO BAY, CA 93442-1940
1060 RENGSTORFF AVE, MOUNTAIN VIEW, CA 94043
952 EL MONTE AVE, MOUNTAIN VIEW, CA 94040-2355
39888 LOS ALAMOS RD, MURRIETA, CA 92562
25280 MADISON AVE, MURRIETA, CA 92562
40605 CALIFORNIA OAKS ROAD, MURRIETA, CA 92562
39196 WINCHESTER ROAD, MURRIETA, CA 92563
11055 BURBANK BLVD, N HOLLYWOOD, CA 91601
3224 JEFFERSON ST, NAPA, CA 94558-3436
806 IMOLA AVE, NAPA, CA 94558
1630 HIGHLAND AVE, NATIONAL CITY, CA 91950
2140 PLAZA BLVD, NATIONAL CITY, CA 91950
1201 3RD ST, NEEDLES, CA 92363-2957
3000 NEWPARK MALL RD, NEWARK, CA 94560-5204
35192 NEWARK BLVD, NEWARK, CA 94560-1220
828 WENDY DR, NEWBURY PARK, CA 91320-3056
700 W PACIFIC COAST HWY, NEWPORT BEACH, CA 92660
460 W TEFFT RD, NIPOMO, CA 93444
1511 6TH ST, NORCO, CA 92860
150 HIDDEN VALLEY PKY, NORCO, CA 92860
6749 WATT AVE, NORTH HIGHLANDS, CA 95660
4957 WATT AVE, NORTH HIGHLANDS, CA 95660
8656 SEPULVEDA BLVD, NORTH HILLS, CA 91343
9860 NORTH SEPULVEDA BLVD, NORTH HILLS, CA 91343
16908 PARTHENIA ST, NORTH HILLS, CA 91343-4506
8139 SUNLAND BLVD, NORTH HOLLYWOOD, CA 91352-3949
11000 VICTORY BLVD, NORTH HOLLYWOOD, CA 91606
12919 VICTORY BLVD, NORTH HOLLYWOOD, CA 91605
6309 LANKERSHIM BLVD, NORTH HOLLYWOOD, CA 91606
12616 SHERMAN WAY, NORTH HOLLYWOOD, CA 91605
9101 RESEDA BLVD, NORTHRIDGE, CA 91324
9857 BALBOA BLVD, NORTHRIDGE, CA 91325
17700 W ROSCOE BLVD, NORTHRIDGE, CA 91325
12602 ALONDRA BLVD, NORWALK, CA 90650
11053 E ROSECRANS AVE, NORWALK, CA 90650-3605
12510 NORWALK BLVD, NORWALK, CA 90650-2041
10841 IMPERIAL HWY, NORWALK, CA 90650-2264
7340 REDWOOD HWY, NOVATO, CA 94947-3212
5600 NAVE DR, NOVATO, CA 94949
1322 EAST F ST, OAKDALE, CA 95361-4115
40112 STATE HWY 41, OAKHURST, CA 93644-8802
6623 SAN PABLO AVE, OAKLAND, CA 94608-1237
4514 TELEGRAPH AVE, OAKLAND, CA 94609-2020
800 MARKET ST, OAKLAND, CA 94607-3116
4010 ALAMEDA AVE, OAKLAND, CA 94601
9725 E 14TH ST, OAKLAND, CA 94603-2509
640 HEGENBERGER RD, OAKLAND, CA 94621-1914
7300 BANCROFT AVENUE, OAKLAND, CA 94605
2520 E 12TH ST, OAKLAND, CA 94601-1502
6300 EAST 14TH STREET, OAKLAND, CA 94621-3826
1330 JACKSON ST, OAKLAND, CA 94612-4008
914 MAIN ST, OAKLEY, CA 94509
1060 LAUREL RD, OAKLEY, CA 94561
3794 PLAZA, OCEANSIDE, CA 92054
137 CANYON DR, OCEANSIDE, CA 92054-3549
3720 MISSON BLVD, OCEANSIDE, CA 92054-1417
1701 OCEANSIDE BLVD, OCEANSIDE, CA 92054

15

TELEPHONE
408-946-9099
408-935-8225
949-855-0336
949-380-0911
209-572-1664
209-544-2350
209-467-6820
209-574-6177
209-577-5063
209-541-1038
209-522-0032
209-467-6823
209-545-7932
209-529-9984
209-521-9734
209-537-7587
209-360-2810
209-422-3802
661-824-4223
626-932-0102
909-627-6657
909-626-2299
323-721-5447
626-571-2334
831-373-3939
805-532-2043
951-242-6557
951-485-2090
951-242-2344
951-243-0909
408-779-8182
408-779-0052
408-782-0739
805-772-6703
650-428-0960
650-967-0328
951-698-0725
951-698-3278
951-677-0576
951-461-8044
818-985-2034
707-257-3810
707-253-7461
619-477-7575
619-267-7523
760-326-5188
510-745-9321
510-791-1389
805-498-1043
949-642-2360
805-929-5001
951-734-0384
951-735-6832
916-344-9288
916-332-8879
818-810-5988
818-920-7531
818-894-5554
818-504-6608
818-763-6340
818-285-2530
818-763-7117
818-982-4304
818-886-8203
818-772-5151
818-708-3708
562-802-7008
562-863-1112
562-929-1801
562-863-3029
415-897-6101
415-506-0102
209-847-7788
559-683-3344
510-420-1018
510-654-7087
510-877-5235
510-877-5667
510-633-2152
510-632-9225
510-562-0345
510-261-1424
510-568-6471
510-422-2275
925-754-6114
925-215-0318
760-945-7847
760-433-3669
760-757-8001
760-757-8821

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
FRANCISCO M SANCHEZ
FRANCISCO M SANCHEZ
FRANCISCO M SANCHEZ
FRANCISCO M SANCHEZ
FRANCISCO M SANCHEZ
ROGER P DELPH
FRANCES R JONES
DAVID HORNER
DAVID HORNER
DAVID HORNER
FRANCISCO M SANCHEZ
FRANCISCO M SANCHEZ
AYMAN YOUSSEF
JENNIFER BRIONES
ADAM KAPLAN
ADAM KAPLAN
LARRY S KAPLAN
SHARON M MACDONALD
PAMELA MACAL
JORDAN RUIZ
JAVIER TORRES
LISA TOLBERT
ANDREW MARROQUIN
ANDREW MARROQUIN
ANDREW MARROQUIN
ANDREW MARROQUIN
ANDREW MARROQUIN
ANDREW MARROQUIN
HERNANDO MARROQUIN
AMANDA L O'LEARY
AMANDA L O'LEARY
RICHARD M SHALHOUB
STACEY SHALHOUB
RICHARD M SHALHOUB
RICHARD M SHALHOUB
RICHARD M SHALHOUB
MIKE KEUNG
ARLENE LADDARAN
ARLENE LADDARAN
ARLENE LADDARAN
ANDREW MARROQUIN
LARRY C TRIPPLETT
HERNANDO MARROQUIN
HERNANDO MARROQUIN
PONGDEJ TULAPHORN
MICHAEL E PERNECKY
PAUL PERNECKY
PAUL PERNECKY
VICTOR QUIROZ
VICTOR QUIROZ
COREY D JOHNSON
RANDELL S BAREMOR
RANDELL S BAREMOR
RANDELL S BAREMOR
DANIA FAGUNDO
DANIA FAGUNDO
MARISOL C SANCHEZ
MARISOL C SANCHEZ
MICHAEL E PERNECKY
MICHAEL E PERNECKY
MICHAEL E PERNECKY
JOSEPH WONG
VICTOR QUIROZ
BRADLEY A GOLDBLATT
KIRKWOOD MACDONALD
SHARON M MACDONALD
CHRISTOPHER A KASSITY
CHRISTOPHER A KASSITY
JASON D GOLDBLATT
JASON D GOLDBLATT
PHYLLIS GOLDBLATT
PHYLLIS GOLDBLATT
BRADLEY HORNER
MARISOL C SANCHEZ
AYMAN YOUSSEF
AYMAN YOUSSEF
HERNANDO MARROQUIN
ROGER P DELPH
ROGER P DELPH
FRANCISCO M SANCHEZ
ANDREW MARROQUIN
SEAN PIAZZA
COURTNEY ESCALANTE
COURTNEY ESCALANTE
TARA KASSITY
JESSE J KLAIR
CHRISTOPHER A KASSITY
AYMAN YOUSSEF
AYMAN YOUSSEF
STEPHANIE W YUEN

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
487 COLLEGE BLVD, OCEANSIDE, CA 92057
3517 CANNON RD, OCEANSIDE, CA 92056
2185 VISTA WAY, OCEANSIDE, CA 92054
4151 OCEANSIDE BLVD, OCEANSIDE, CA 92057
185 OLD GROVE RD, OCEANSIDE, CA 92057
225 N CHESTER AVENUE, OILDALE, CA 93308
11444 VENTURA AVENUE, OJAI, CA 93023-4134
2463 S EUCLID AVENUE, ONTARIO, CA 91761
2455 S ARCHIBALD AVE, ONTARIO, CA 91761
1170 E PHILADELPHIA STREET, ONTARIO, CA 91761
832 N MOUNTAIN AVE, ONTARIO, CA 91762-2546
1107 EAST 4TH STREET, ONTARIO, CA 91764-2523
4310 MILLS CIR, ONTARIO, CA 91764
4200 E CHAPMAN AVENUE, ORANGE, CA 92869
606 N TUSTIN AVE, ORANGE, CA 92867
105 E KATELLA, ORANGE, CA 92867
2401 N TUSTIN AVE, ORANGE, CA 92865
1839 W CHAPMAN AVE, ORANGE, CA 92868
1150 E CLARK AVE, ORCUTT, CA 93455
128 FRANCES LANE, ORLAND, CA 95963
41536 ROAD 128, OROSI, CA 93647
445 ORO DAM BLVD E, OROVILLE, CA 95965-5714
1711 N OXNARD BLVD, OXNARD, CA 93030
401 VENTURA AVE, OXNARD, CA 93030
1741 PACIFIC AVE, OXNARD, CA 93033
2201 N ROSE, OXNARD, CA 93030
605 S ROSE AVE, OXNARD, CA 93030
110 RIVERPARK BLVD, OXNARD, CA 93036
3120 S SAVIERS RD, OXNARD, CA 93033-5311
125 MONTEREY RD, PACIFICA, CA 94044-1332
576 LINDA MAR BLVD, PACIFICA, CA 94044
72-755 HIGHWAY 111, PALM DESERT, CA 92260-3310
78365 VARNER ROAD, PALM DESERT, CA 92211-1141
1717 VISTA CHINO EAST, PALM SPRINGS, CA 92262
5601 E RAMON ROAD (WM #1832), PALM SPRINGS, CA 92264
2465 E PALM CANYON DRIVE, PALM SPRINGS, CA 92264
1671 E PALMDALE BLVD, PALMDALE, CA 93550
131 E PALMDALE BLVD, PALMDALE, CA 93550
2427 E AVE S, PALMDALE, CA 93550-6202
37217 47TH ST E, PALMDALE, CA 93552
830 W AVE P, PALMDALE, CA 93550
208 STANFORD SHOPPING CTR (STANFORD CTR), PALO ALTO, CA 94304
9107 VAN NUYS BLVD, PANORAMA CITY, CA 91402-1417
7945 VAN NUYS BLVD, PANORAMA CITY, CA 91402
7357 ALONDRA BLVD, PARAMOUNT, CA 90723
2861 E FOOTHILL BLVD, PASADENA, CA 91107-3463
799 N LAKE ST, PASADENA, CA 91104
1320 EAST COLORADO BLVD, PASADENA, CA 91106
186 NIBLICK RD, PASO ROBLES, CA 93446
1859 RAMADA DRIVE, PASO ROBLES, CA 93446
1001 SPERRY AVE, PATTERSON, CA 95363
1675 N PERRIS BLVD, PERRIS, CA 92571
64 E RAMONA EXPY, PERRIS, CA 92571
1800 N PERRIS BLVD (WM #1747), PERRIS, CA 92571
103 MCDOWELL BLVD, PETALUMA, CA 94952-2304
981 LAKEVILLE HWY, PETALUMA, CA 94952-3329
4015 PHELAN RD, PHELAN, CA 92371-8912
3230 WAGON TRAIN RD, PHELAN, CA 92371
8715 E WHITTIER AVE, PICO RIVERA, CA 90660
8913 WASHINGTON BLVD, PICO RIVERA, CA 90660-3720
8500 WASHINGTON BLVD (WM #2886), PICO RIVERA, CA 90660
1402 TARA HILLS DR, PINOLE, CA 94564-2517
350 FIVE CITIES DRIVE, PISMO BEACH, CA 93449
460 ATLANTIC AVE, PITTSBURG, CA 94565-5240
164 E YORBA LINDA BLVD, PLACENTIA, CA 92870
770 W CHAPMAN AVE, PLACENTIA, CA 92870
1200 BROADWAY, PLACERVILLE, CA 95667-5806
4360 GOLDEN CENTER DRIVE, PLACERVILLE, CA 95667
1690 CONTRA COSTA BLVD, PLEASANT HILL, CA 94523
624 CONTRA COSTA BLVD, PLEASANT HILL, CA 94523
6800 SANTA RITA RD, PLEASANTON, CA 94588
3001 BERNAL AVENUE, PLEASANTON, CA 94566
2145 MURCHISON AVE, POMONA, CA 91768-1145
30 RIO RANCHO RD, POMONA, CA 91767
2200 N GAREY ST, POMONA, CA 91767-2331
445 E HOLT AVENUE, POMONA, CA 91767
401 W CHANNEL ISLANDS BLVD, PORT HUENEME, CA 93041
379 E OLIVE AVE, PORTERVILLE, CA 93257-4871
1355 W HENDERSON AVE, PORTERVILLE, CA 93257-1456
12510 POWAY RD, POWAY, CA 92064-4305
5049 WEST AVENUE N, QUARTZ HILL, CA 93551
1550 MAIN ST, RAMONA, CA 92065-5239
2400 SUNRISE BLVD, RANCHO CORDOVA, CA 95670
4021 SUNRISE BLVD, RANCHO CORDOVA, CA 95742
10725 WHITE ROCK RD, RANCHO CORDOVA, CA 95670-6031
12190 TRIBUTARY POINT DR, RANCHO CORDOVA, CA 95670
10355 FOLSOM BLVD, RANCHO CORDOVA, CA 95670-3518
8701 BASELINE RD, RANCHO CUCAMONGA, CA 91730
8070 MONET AVE, RANCHO CUCAMONGA, CA 91739
11198 FOOTHILL BLVD, RANCHO CUCAMONGA, CA 91730

16

TELEPHONE
760-758-7323
760-631-0389
760-439-2256
760-639-1263
760-435-9826
661-393-1595
805-646-0510
909-983-6303
909-923-4456
909-930-5031
909-984-4011
909-983-0725
909-980-2137
714-538-4337
714-532-1018
714-997-9666
714-921-2235
714-938-0118
805-938-5386
530-291-0283
559-528-0754
530-534-6444
805-983-0216
805-382-2558
805-486-5553
805-278-9377
805-240-7676
805-981-4600
805-486-1245
650-355-1477
650-557-1344
760-568-1313
760-834-2440
760-320-1504
760-322-8506
760-322-9870
661-338-4155
661-947-1321
661-273-6322
661-533-6052
661-274-7960
650-327-0560
818-924-7035
818-988-8141
562-630-1444
626-792-9713
626-794-0351
626-449-9597
805-239-2212
805-227-0691
209-892-2907
951-940-4180
951-943-9191
951-657-2147
707-763-7505
707-769-1862
760-868-1118
760-249-5873
562-695-9177
562-949-3880
562-942-7900
510-724-7211
805-773-3549
925-432-4081
714-993-3121
714-577-8171
530-626-1970
530-626-1234
925-356-8818
925-677-2121
925-463-1955
925-249-0620
909-620-6669
909-620-1515
909-596-5423
909-623-9703
805-985-3298
559-781-3382
559-781-5212
858-748-2636
661-722-2506
760-789-5490
916-635-1991
916-290-4376
916-631-7773
916-351-0340
916-363-9931
909-980-0260
909-899-0400
909-989-4299

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
RICHARD M SHALHOUB
ROBERT M NIBEEL
JORDAN RUIZ
ALEXA GAROFONO
ALEXA GAROFONO
ALEXA GAROFONO
ALEXA GAROFONO
RICHARD M SHALHOUB
RICHARD M SHALHOUB
RICHARD M SHALHOUB
TAWNIE L BLADE
CONRAD J FREEMAN JR.
CONRAD J FREEMAN JR.
KEVIN A DELPH
HELEN HO
JULIE CARTIE
JULIE CARTIE
JESSICA EVANS
JESSICA EVANS
HOWARD S GOLDBLATT
JOSEPH WONG
ANDREW MARROQUIN
DANIEL P KASSITY
MARY YIN LIU
JUSTIN L GRASPOINTNER
CARLI M SCHRADER
RANDELL S BAREMOR
JULIE CARTIE
TODD HORNER
ANTHONY MANGIONE
ANTHONY MANGIONE
ANTHONY MANGIONE
ANTHONY MANGIONE
RICHARD M SHALHOUB
RICHARD M SHALHOUB
RICHARD M SHALHOUB
RICHARD M SHALHOUB, JR.
JORDAN RUIZ
CHRISTOPHER A KASSITY
DANIA FAGUNDO
DANIA FAGUNDO
HERNANDO MARROQUIN
MICHAEL E PERNECKY
PAUL PERNECKY
PAUL PERNECKY
TARA KASSITY
COURTNEY ESCALANTE
COURTNEY ESCALANTE
PERCY JOHNSON
MARK RUIZ
MAX RUIZ
RACQUEL RUIZ
DAVID HORNER
TODD HORNER
ROBERT D HUMASON, JR.
DENNIS GRASPOINTNER
DENNIS GRASPOINTNER
JAY HAZARI
JAY HAZARI
JAY HAZARI
JAY HAZARI
COREY D JOHNSON
JEFFREY D JOHNSON
PERCY JOHNSON
PERCY JOHNSON
PERCY JOHNSON
RACHEL G JOHNSON
TARA KASSITY
JESSE J KLAIR
JESSE J KLAIR
HARRIS LIU
HARRIS LIU
HARRIS LIU
HARRIS LIU
HARRIS LIU
HARRIS LIU
HARRIS LIU
MARY YIN LIU
JORDAN RUIZ
JORDAN RUIZ
RACQUEL RUIZ
MEGHAN M SCHRADER
BETTY SPECHT
CHARLES SPECHT
CHARLES V SPECHT, JR.
LUCIA ZECH
JUSTIN L GRASPOINTNER
RAYMOND COSTA
RAYMOND COSTA
RAYMOND COSTA

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
34101 MONTEREY AVE, RANCHO MIRAGE, CA 92270
30672 SANTA MARGARITA PKY, RANCHO SANTA MARGARITA, CA 92688
215 ANTELOPE BLVD, RED BLUFF, CA 96080-2901
801 E CYPRESS AVE, REDDING, CA 96002-1098
88 LAKE BOULEVARD, REDDING, CA 96003-2536
1365 CHURN CREEK ROAD, REDDING, CA 96003
4032 S BONNYVIEW RD, REDDING, CA 96002
612 E REDLANDS BLVD, REDLANDS, CA 92374
1620 REDLANDS BLVD, REDLANDS, CA 92373-8026
1796 E LUGONIA AVE, REDLANDS, CA 92374
235 N PACIFIC COAST HWY, REDONDO BEACH, CA 90277
185 CHESTNUT ST, REDWOOD CITY, CA 94063-2105
709 WOODSIDE RD, REDWOOD CITY, CA 94063
835 N REED AVE, REEDLEY, CA 93654-2434
18761 SHERMAN WAY, RESEDA, CA 91335-4018
111 W BASELINE RD, RIALTO, CA 92376
1318 W FOOTHILL BLVD, RIALTO, CA 92376-4647
1615 S RIVERSIDE, RIALTO, CA 92376
1173 W CASMALIA ST, RIALTO, CA 92377
3350 KLOSE WAY, RICHMOND, CA 94806
2301 MACDONALD AVE, RICHMOND, CA 94804-1820
150 N CHINA LAKE BLVD, RIDGECREST, CA 93555
400 ELKHORN BLVD, RIO LINDA, CA 95673
300 HWY 12, RIO VISTA, CA 94571
1382 W COLONY ROAD, RIPON, CA 95366-9617
6411 OAKDALE RD, RIVERBANK, CA 95367
2246 IOWA AVENUE, RIVERSIDE, CA 92507
221 E ALESSANDRO, RIVERSIDE, CA 92508
2242 UNIVERSITY AVE, RIVERSIDE, CA 92507-4275
5425 ARLINGTON AVE, RIVERSIDE, CA 92504-2504
2905 VAN BUREN BLVD, RIVERSIDE, CA 92503-5650
2891 CANYON SPRINGS PKY, RIVERSIDE, CA 92507
7474 INDIANA STREET, RIVERSIDE, CA 92504
10141 MAGNOLIA AVE, RIVERSIDE, CA 92503
8875 LIMONITE AVE, RIVERSIDE, CA 92509-5020
5010 VAN BUREN BLVD, RIVERSIDE, CA 92503
10952 MAGNOLIA AVE, RIVERSIDE, CA 92505
2172 SUNSET BLVD, ROCKLIN, CA 95765
4211 SIERRA COLLEGE BLVD, ROCKLIN, CA 95677
6600 COMMERCE BLVD, ROHNERT PARK, CA 94931
1702 E COTATI AVE, ROHNERT PARK, CA 94928-3605
2511 ROSAMOND BLVD, ROSAMOND, CA 93560
7503 GARVEY AVENUE, ROSEMEAD, CA 91770-2911
8548 E VALLEY BLVD, ROSEMEAD, CA 91770
1827 WALNUT GROVE AVENUE (WM #5154), ROSEMEAD, CA 91770
3560 BRADSHAW RD, ROSEMONT, CA 95827
3994 FOOTHILLS BLVD, ROSEVILLE, CA 95747
1400 BLUE OAKS BLVD, ROSEVILLE, CA 95765
1190 CIRBY WAY, ROSEVILLE, CA 95746
6710 STANFORD RANCH RD, ROSEVILLE, CA 95678
120 HARDING BLVD, ROSEVILLE, CA 95678
8660 SIERRA COLLEGE BLVD, ROSEVILLE, CA 95661
19775 COLIMA RD, ROWLAND HEIGHTS, CA 91748
6815 VALLEY WAY, RUBIDOUX, CA 92509-3423
1035 EMERALD BAY RD, S LAKE TAHOE, CA 96150-6210
8940 POCKET RD, SACRAMENTO, CA 95831
4124 FLORIN RD, SACRAMENTO, CA 95823
2320 FAIR OAKS BLVD, SACRAMENTO, CA 95825-4709
3773 NORTHGATE BLVD, SACRAMENTO, CA 95833
7901 COLLEGE TOWN DRIVE, SACRAMENTO, CA 95826
3331 W EL CAMINO AVE, SACRAMENTO, CA 95833
8220 CALVINE RD, SACRAMENTO, CA 95828
1721 HOWE AVE, SACRAMENTO, CA 95825-2209
5301 ELKHORN BLVD, SACRAMENTO, CA 95842
2535 WATT AVE, SACRAMENTO, CA 95821
2860 FULTON AVE, SACRAMENTO, CA 95821
3950 TRUXEL ROAD, SACRAMENTO, CA 95834
4121 MARCONI AVE, SACRAMENTO, CA 95821-4213
8140 GERBER RD, SACRAMENTO, CA 95828
8020 FRUITRIDGE ROAD, SACRAMENTO, CA 95824
2985 FREEPORT BLVD, SACRAMENTO, CA 95818-3842
5525 FOLSOM BLVD, SACRAMENTO, CA 95819-4603
8901 FOLSOM BLVD, SACRAMENTO, CA 95826-3203
6370 MACK RD, SACRAMENTO, CA 95823
200 RICHARDS BLVD, SACRAMENTO, CA 95814-0236
4731 MACK RD, SACRAMENTO, CA 95823
3006 K STREET, SACRAMENTO, CA 95816
2331 BROADWAY, SACRAMENTO, CA 95818
5425 FRUITRIDGE RD, SACRAMENTO, CA 95820-5508
6091 FLORIN ROAD, SACRAMENTO, CA 95823
5008 AUBURN BLVD, SACRAMENTO, CA 95841-2621
8300 ELK GROVE-FLORIN ROAD, SACRAMENTO, CA 95829
2335 FLORIN RD, SACRAMENTO, CA 95822
2517 DEL PASO BLVD, SACRAMENTO, CA 95815-2510
4242 NORWOOD AVE, SACRAMENTO, CA 95838
3412 ARDEN WAY, SACRAMENTO, CA 95864
4230 SALIDA BLVD, SALIDA, CA 95368-9320
840 E ALISAL ST, SALINAS, CA 93901-2606
600 EAST BORANDA DRIVE, SALINAS, CA 93906
608 WILLIAMS RD, SALINAS, CA 93905

17

TELEPHONE
760-202-6894
949-858-4329
530-527-5782
530-221-6818
530-244-3979
530-222-0251
530-232-3300
909-793-1516
909-793-8452
909-389-9484
310-937-9609
650-364-5316
650-568-3319
559-638-6688
818-881-8385
760-998-8213
909-421-1001
909-820-1600
909-341-5202
510-222-4992
510-233-7824
760-375-7181
916-992-1122
707-374-4430
209-599-9121
209-869-3552
951-809-8469
951-780-7470
951-683-9798
951-359-2090
951-354-0151
951-653-1223
951-354-5518
951-687-1703
951-685-5526
951-688-1111
951-351-6913
916-789-7710
916-652-6767
707-584-1529
707-792-0579
661-256-4530
626-571-6573
626-571-9604
626-572-8333
916-361-8186
916-783-3587
916-797-1157
916-784-2725
916-789-1820
916-782-3538
916-780-2941
909-598-0190
951-360-3261
530-542-0555
916-399-1011
916-395-7016
916-921-6013
916-920-5940
916-379-9802
916-270-2118
916-585-5499
916-922-2774
916-331-2126
916-971-0244
916-977-0100
916-515-0814
916-482-8467
916-689-6977
916-386-1779
916-443-7632
916-456-2879
916-362-1951
916-423-1140
916-443-6492
916-399-9122
916-457-2251
916-451-7264
916-453-1615
916-393-5792
916-332-6951
916-681-2055
916-394-1618
916-561-2334
916-561-2313
916-488-0595
209-545-1220
831-422-6685
831-449-2345
831-422-1490

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
RAYMOND COSTA
SUZETTE HOFMAN
SUZETTE HOFMAN
SUZETTE HOFMAN
WAHID U BALKHI
CHRISTOPHER ISHIDA
CHRISTOPHER ISHIDA
CHRISTOPHER ISHIDA
CHRISTOPHER ISHIDA
CHRISTOPHER ISHIDA
MARISOL C SANCHEZ
ANDREW MARROQUIN
CONRAD J FREEMAN JR.
ROBERT M NIBEEL
RAMZI AWAD
RAMZI AWAD
RAMZI AWAD
RAMZI AWAD
RAMZI AWAD
GEORGE RAMZI CAMPOS
GEORGE RAMZI CAMPOS
SABINA KAITLEE CAMPOS
SABINA KAITLEE CAMPOS
LESLIE MANNES
LESLIE MANNES
CHRISTOPHER ROWE
CHRISTOPHER ROWE
CHRISTOPHER ROWE
CHRISTOPHER ROWE
CHRISTOPHER ROWE
CHRISTOPHER ROWE
CHRISTOPHER ROWE
CHRISTOPHER ROWE
CHRISTOPHER ROWE
CHRISTOPHER ROWE
CHRISTOPHER ROWE
CHRISTOPHER ROWE
FRANCISCO M SANCHEZ
FRANCISCO M SANCHEZ
FRANCISCO M SANCHEZ
CHRISTIAN M SANDOVAL
CHRISTIAN M SANDOVAL
CHRISTIAN M SANDOVAL
CHRISTIAN M SANDOVAL
CHRISTIAN M SANDOVAL
CHRISTIAN M SANDOVAL
BRENDA SCHMID
BRENDA SCHMID
ROBERT R SUTHERLAND
ROBERT R SUTHERLAND
ROBERT R SUTHERLAND
ROBERT R SUTHERLAND
TODD SUTHERLAND
MARGARITA T WORLEY
PETER OU
PETER OU
PETER OU
SCOTT I RODRICK
SCOTT I RODRICK
SCOTT I RODRICK
SCOTT I RODRICK
SCOTT I RODRICK
SCOTT I RODRICK
PAUL PERNECKY
RANDELL S BAREMOR
RANDELL S BAREMOR
JALEN MONTGOMERY
DANIEL BORBA
DANIEL BORBA
DANIEL BORBA
DANIEL BORBA
TAMI L BORBA
COSME A FAGUNDO
COSME A FAGUNDO
COSME A FAGUNDO
COSME A FAGUNDO
COSME A FAGUNDO
COSME A FAGUNDO
COSME A FAGUNDO
COSME A FAGUNDO
COSME A FAGUNDO
COSME A FAGUNDO
JAMES C HENLEY
JAMES C HENLEY
JAMES C HENLEY
CLINTON C JOHNSON
CARMEN LEMUS
RUDY LEMUS
RUDY LEMUS
RUDY LEMUS

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
155 KERN ST, SALINAS, CA 93905
1365 N MAIN ST, SALINAS, CA 93901-2828
1213 S MAIN ST, SALINAS, CA 93901-2207
17537 VIERRA CANYON RD, SALINAS, CA 93907-3309
100 E REDLANDS BLVD, SAN BERNARDINO, CA 92408
240 E 40TH ST, SAN BERNARDINO, CA 92404
718 W HIGHLAND AVE, SAN BERNARDINO, CA 92405-3839
699 2ND ST, SAN BERNARDINO, CA 92410
1208 N MT VERNON BLVD, SAN BERNARDINO, CA 92411
568 S MT VERNON AVE, SAN BERNARDINO, CA 92410
1575 E HIGHLAND AVE, SAN BERNARDINO, CA 92404
2137 E HARBOR BLVD, SAN BUENAVENTURA, CA 93001
180 EL CAMINO REAL, SAN CARLOS, CA 94070-2404
650 AVE PICO, SAN CLEMENTE, CA 92672
8929 CLAIREMONT MESA BLVD, SAN DIEGO, CA 92123-1103
7140 MIRAMAR RD, SAN DIEGO, CA 92121-2316
ELROD & MITSCHER (MARINE CORPS STATION), SAN DIEGO, CA 92145
7085 CLAIREMONT MESA BLVD, SAN DIEGO, CA 92111
NAVAL AIR STATION NORTH ISLAND BLDG 207, SAN DIEGO, CA 92135-7045
1515 EUCLID AVE, SAN DIEGO, CA 92105
10595 TIERRASANTA BLVD, SAN DIEGO, CA 92124
6945 LINDA VISTA RD, SAN DIEGO, CA 92111
2796 MAIN ST, SAN DIEGO, CA 92113-3712
11915 CARMEL MOUNTAIN RD, SAN DIEGO, CA 92128
9871 AERO DR, SAN DIEGO, CA 92123
1121 GARNET AVE, SAN DIEGO, CA 92109-2906
9035 MIRA MESA BLVD, SAN DIEGO, CA 92126-2717
1414 UNIVERSITY AVE, SAN DIEGO, CA 92103
6326 MISSION GORGE RD, SAN DIEGO, CA 92120-2503
9440 SCRANTON RD, SAN DIEGO, CA 92121
6925 PARADISE VALLEY RD, SAN DIEGO, CA 92139-1218
4260 NOBEL DR, SAN DIEGO, CA 92122-1126
1624 ROSECRANS ST, SAN DIEGO, CA 92106
710 DENNERY RD (WM #2150), SAN DIEGO, CA 92173
4711 MISSION BAY DRIVE, SAN DIEGO, CA 92109
3879 FAIRMOUNT AVENUE, SAN DIEGO, CA 92105
3412 COLLEGE AVE (WM #2479), SAN DIEGO, CA 92115
10655 SCRIPPS POWAY PKY, SAN DIEGO, CA 92131
2482 NORTHSIDE DR, SAN DIEGO, CA 92108
16440 BERNARDO CENTER DR, SAN DIEGO, CA 92128
8770 LAKE MURRAY BLVD, SAN DIEGO, CA 92119-2720
5065 CLAIREMONT DR, SAN DIEGO, CA 92117-2710
4350 PALM AVE, SAN DIEGO, CA 92154-1714
12808 RANCHO PENASQUITOS BOULEVARD, SAN DIEGO, CA 92129-2935
2320 ROLL DRIVE, SAN DIEGO, CA 92154
5920 BALBOA AVE, SAN DIEGO, CA 92111
3805 MIDWAY DR, SAN DIEGO, CA 92110-5209
3505 DEL MAR HEIGHTS RD, SAN DIEGO, CA 92130-2122
1280 PARK BLVD, SAN DIEGO, CA 92101
2345 EL CAJON BLVD, SAN DIEGO, CA 92104-1105
34800 BOB WILSON DR (NAVAL MEDICAL CNTR), SAN DIEGO, CA 92134
5824 MONTEZUMA ROAD, SAN DIEGO, CA 92115
3301 CUMMINGS ROAD (NAVAL BASE), SAN DIEGO, CA 92136
741 ARROW HIGHWAY, SAN DIMAS, CA 91773-2536
1201 OCEAN AVE, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94112-1830
609 MARKET ST, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94105-3301
1100 FILLMORE ST, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94102
2801 MISSION ST, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94110-3907
345 BAYSHORE BLVD, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94124-1506
5454 MISSION ST, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94110
5411 3RD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94124
302 POTRERO AVE, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94110
441 SUTTER ST, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94108
6910 ROSEMEAD BLVD, SAN GABRIEL, CA 91775
611 N STATE ST, SAN JACINTO, CA 92583
1861 S SAN JACINTO AVE (WM #5425), SAN JACINTO, CA 92583
5508 MONTEREY RD, SAN JOSE, CA 95138
2434 ALMADEN RD, SAN JOSE, CA 95125-2108
1033 E CAPITOL EXPWY, SAN JOSE, CA 95121-2415
585 TULLY RD, SAN JOSE, CA 95112-1920
777 STORY RD (WM #5435), SAN JOSE, CA 95122
715 W CAPITAL AUTO MALL EXPY, SAN JOSE, CA 95136
1435 S WINCHESTER BLVD, SAN JOSE, CA 95128-4331
898 S BASCOM AVE, SAN JOSE, CA 95128-2605
3221 S WHITE RD, SAN JOSE, CA 95148-4056
1869 CAMDEN AVE, SAN JOSE, CA 95124-3022
5122 STEVENS CREEK BLVD, SAN JOSE, CA 95129
1398 W SAN CARLOS, SAN JOSE, CA 95126
4838 SAN FELIPE RD, SAN JOSE, CA 95135
2200 EASTRIDGE LOOP (EASTRIDGE CTR), SAN JOSE, CA 95122-1404
2191 MONTEREY HIGHWAY, SAN JOSE, CA 95125
2699 UNION AVENUE, SAN JOSE, CA 95124
456 BLOSSOM HILL RD, SAN JOSE, CA 95123-3301
105 BERNAL RD, SAN JOSE, CA 95119
4800 ALMADEN EXPRESSWAY, SAN JOSE, CA 95136
1142 N CAPITOL AVE, SAN JOSE, CA 95132-2522
2680 STORY RD, SAN JOSE, CA 95122-1063
2353 MCKEE RD, SAN JOSE, CA 95116-1609
1935 TULLY RD, SAN JOSE, CA 95122
163 BRANHAM LN, SAN JOSE, CA 95136-2300

18

TELEPHONE
831-783-1023
831-449-8337
831-422-2556
831-663-3767
909-825-8906
909-886-5616
909-882-5546
909-888-1001
909-388-7518
909-888-8080
909-883-1272
805-643-0913
650-595-4479
949-492-2420
858-277-1433
858-271-9151
858-271-0481
858-279-0679
619-437-8911
619-677-5899
858-715-8155
619-717-2052
619-664-4110
442-372-8529
442-372-8530
619-508-1425
619-508-0112
619-298-8968
619-283-6485
858-452-3013
619-479-2132
858-626-7208
619-224-0269
619-428-1502
619-709-2464
619-284-0957
619-704-1800
858-695-9655
619-282-2412
858-673-2092
619-463-8770
858-274-3344
619-690-1186
858-484-2081
619-661-7232
858-569-5928
619-223-0557
858-755-8588
619-550-1823
619-299-3078
619-544-9612
619-432-1589
619-696-9213
909-592-6347
415-452-8819
415-543-2595
415-923-1138
415-285-2851
415-821-2565
415-333-1011
415-822-0956
415-861-3295
415-362-1082
626-285-6205
951-487-2504
951-487-2330
408-363-0759
408-265-5567
408-225-7662
408-286-3812
408-298-6533
408-264-8692
408-378-2040
408-292-0776
408-238-4321
408-723-3322
408-554-0883
408-275-0389
408-528-9160
408-528-6700
408-279-0824
408-559-2082
408-227-5811
408-578-9835
408-979-9783
408-926-1676
408-923-8313
408-926-4233
408-272-1335
408-972-2168

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
RUDY LEMUS
RICHARD TIEU
FRANCISCO M SANCHEZ
JASON D GOLDBLATT
JASON D GOLDBLATT
PHYLLIS GOLDBLATT
BOBBY O HAYNES, JR.
SANAE SMITH
LESLIE MANNES
BRENDA SCHMID
BRENDA SCHMID
VALERIE KILDUFF
JASON D GOLDBLATT
RACHEL M WONG
NEAL RUBY
NEAL RUBY
GREGORY M SINIGIANI
GREGORY M SINIGIANI
HOWARD S GOLDBLATT
JASON D GOLDBLATT
RAMZI AWAD
LESLIE MANNES
CHRISTIAN M SANDOVAL
SUZETTE HOFMAN
JAVIER TORRES
JAVIER TORRES
LISA DE BONO
LISA DE BONO
LARRY S KAPLAN
LARRY S KAPLAN
LARRY S KAPLAN
VIRGINIA F MANGIONE
VIRGINIA F MANGIONE
VIRGINIA F MANGIONE
VIRGINIA F MANGIONE
VIRGINIA F MANGIONE
VIRGINIA F MANGIONE
VIRGINIA F MANGIONE
RICHARD M BECHGUENTURIAN
RICHARD M BECHGUENTURIAN
RICHARD M BECHGUENTURIAN
COSME A FAGUNDO
COSME A FAGUNDO
RICHARD TIEU
LAUREN TRIPPLETT BATTISTE
ANDREW MARROQUIN
JAY SCHUTZ
JAY SCHUTZ
MARK SCHUTZ
MARK SCHUTZ
JANET C PEAT
STEPHEN D PEAT
NORMAN CARTER
PATRICIA YOON
PAMELA MACAL
PAMELA MACAL
PAMELA MACAL
VICTOR QUIROZ
ANTHONY N LARDAS
ANTHONY N LARDAS
JOHN ABBATE
ANDREW MARROQUIN
STEPHEN D PEAT
STEPHEN D PEAT
STEPHEN D PEAT
STEPHEN D PEAT
STEPHEN D PEAT
BRENDA SCHMID
LEE A FREEMAN
JANET C PEAT
SEAN PIAZZA
SUZETTE HOFMAN
KEVIN A DELPH
MATTHEW R DELPH
ALEXA GAROFONO
RAFAEL HERRERA
JESSICA J D'AMBRA
LISA MURPHY
LISA MURPHY
LISA MURPHY
MICHAEL S TECK
RAYMOND COSTA
DANIA FAGUNDO
BRANDON T GRASPOINTNER
DENNIS GRASPOINTNER
MICHAEL E PERNECKY
DEAN R SANCHEZ
KERRI HARPER HOWIE
PATRICIA YOON
PATRICIA YOON

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
1702 OAKLAND RD, SAN JOSE, CA 95131
1150 S DE ANZA BLVD, SAN JOSE, CA 95129-3629
31822 DEL OBISPO AVE, SAN JUAN CAPISTRANO, CA 92675-3204
14823 E 14TH ST, SAN LEANDRO, CA 94578-2921
130 GREENHOUSE MARKETPLACE, SAN LEANDRO, CA 94578
1919 DAVIS ST (WM #2648), SAN LEANDRO, CA 94577
1287 WASHINGTON ST, SAN LEANDRO, CA 94577-3646
275 MADONNA RD, SAN LUIS OBISPO, CA 93401-3109
701 CENTER DR, SAN MARCOS, CA 92069-3576
120 S RANCHO SANTA FE, SAN MARCOS, CA 92069-2502
570 W SAN MARCOS BLVD, SAN MARCOS, CA 92069
1420 EL CAMINO REAL, SAN MATEO, CA 94404
3320 SAN PABLO DAM RD, SAN PABLO, CA 94806
14480 SAN PABLO AVE, SAN PABLO, CA 94806-3334
303 S GAFFEY ST, SAN PEDRO, CA 90732
976 N WESTERN AVENUE, SAN PEDRO, CA 90732
2114 4TH ST, SAN RAFAEL, CA 94901-2650
190 MERRYDALE RD, SAN RAFAEL, CA 94913-4013
2481 SAN RAMON VALLEY RD, SAN RAMON, CA 94583-1601
21001 SAN RAMON VALLEY BLVD, SAN RAMON, CA 94583
727 E SAN YSIDRO BLVD, SAN YSIDRO, CA 92173
4449 CAMINO DE LA PLZ, SAN YSIDRO, CA 92173
707 W SAN YSIDRO BLVD, SAN YSIDRO, CA 92173
990 PLAYA AVENUE, SAND CITY, CA 93955
295 ACADEMY AVE, SANGER, CA 93657-2128
2761 JENSEN AVE (WM #4238), SANGER, CA 93657
JOHN WAYNE AIRPORT - SNA CONC A, SANTA ANA, CA 92707-5200
JOHN WAYNE AIRPORT - SNA CONC B, SANTA ANA, CA 92707-5200
1501 N BRISTOL ST, SANTA ANA, CA 92706
1011 E 17TH ST, SANTA ANA, CA 92706
301 E 1ST ST, SANTA ANA, CA 92701-5314
1526 WEST EDINGER STREET, SANTA ANA, CA 92704
3810 SOUTH BRISTOL AVENUE, SANTA ANA, CA 92704-7456
666 HARBOR BLVD, SANTA ANA, CA 92704-1384
2300 S MAIN STREET, SANTA ANA, CA 92707
2701 WEST MACARTHUR BLVD, SANTA ANA, CA 92704
3600 W MCFADDEN AVE (WM #2517), SANTA ANA, CA 92704
1100 S GRAND AVE, SANTA ANA, CA 92705
29 N MILPAS ST, SANTA BARBARA, CA 93103
3940 STATE ST, SANTA BARBARA, CA 93105-3114
1906 CLIFF DR, SANTA BARBARA, CA 93109
3509 HOME STEAD RD, SANTA CLARA, CA 95051-5116
1451 COLEMAN AVE, SANTA CLARA, CA 95050
3895 STEVENS CREEK BLVD, SANTA CLARA, CA 95051-7336
2850 AUGUSTINE DR, SANTA CLARA, CA 95054-2801
19401 GOLDEN VALLEY RD, SANTA CLARITA, CA 91321
18850 SOLEDAD CANYON RD, SANTA CLARITA, CA 91351-3772
26940 SIERRA HIGHWAY, SANTA CLARITA, CA 91351
27776 N MCBEAN PKY, SANTA CLARITA, CA 91354
27103 MCBEAN PKWY, SANTA CLARITA, CA 91355
1421 MISSION ST, SANTA CRUZ, CA 95060-4738
1210 OCEAN AVE, SANTA CRUZ, CA 95060
13330 EAST TELEGRAPH ROAD, SANTA FE SPRING, CA 90670
14317 VALLEY VIEW AVE, SANTA FE SPRINGS, CA 90670-5217
1710 S BROADWAY, SANTA MARIA, CA 93458
320 N BROADWAY, SANTA MARIA, CA 93454-4417
2280 SKYWAY DRIVE, SANTA MARIA, CA 93455
1407 BRADLEY RD, SANTA MARIA, CA 93454
1540 2ND AVE, SANTA MONICA, CA 90405
2809 N LINCOLN BLVD, SANTA MONICA, CA 90405-4623
13032 S HWY 33, SANTA NELLA, CA 95322-9744
138 E HARVARD BLVD, SANTA PAULA, CA 93060-3314
1264 MENDOCINO AVE, SANTA ROSA, CA 95402-4313
50 MISSION CIR, SANTA ROSA, CA 95405-5303
2521 GUERNEVILLE RD, SANTA ROSA, CA 95401-4018
2642 SANTA ROSA AVE, SANTA ROSA, CA 95407
879 HOPPER AVE, SANTA ROSA, CA 95403
8876 CUYAMACA ST, SANTEE, CA 92071-4219
18578 PROSPECT ROAD, SARATOGA, CA 95070
259 MOUNT HERMON RD, SCOTTS VALLEY, CA 95066-4037
630 PACIFIC COAST HIGHWAY, SEAL BEACH, CA 90740-5906
1516 CANYON DEL REY BOULEVARD, SEASIDE, CA 93955-3501
2790 FLORAL AVE, SELMA, CA 93662-2604
101 W LERDO HWY, SHAFTER, CA 93263
1695 CASCADE BLVD, SHASTA LAKE CITY, CA 96019
13925 VENTURA BLVD, SHERMAN OAKS, CA 91423
2599 CHERRY AVE, SIGNAL HILL, CA 90755-2085
2375 TAPO STREET, SIMI VALLEY, CA 93063-3023
2605 YOSEMITE STREET, SIMI VALLEY, CA 93063
2423 GALENA AVE, SIMI VALLEY, CA 93065
1495 E LOS ANGELES ST, SIMI VALLEY, CA 93065-2807
1215 S FRONT ST, SOLEDAD, CA 93960-2975
18988 SONOMA HWY, SONOMA, CA 95476-5417
1261 MONO WAY, SONORA, CA 95370
14895 MONO WAY, SONORA, CA 95370
9437 E GARVEY AVE, SOUTH EL MONTE, CA 91733
1185 DURFEE AVE, SOUTH EL MONTE, CA 91733-4411
3309 TWEEDY BLVD, SOUTH GATE, CA 90280
5730 FIRESTONE BLVD, SOUTH GATE, CA 90280-3704
4135 E FIRESTONE BOULEVARD, SOUTH GATE, CA 90280

19

TELEPHONE
408-573-8710
408-725-0181
949-493-9357
510-352-7722
510-351-1834
510-430-9417
510-483-7591
805-543-3550
760-746-2933
760-727-4000
760-471-0030
650-349-2878
510-223-9226
510-215-7478
310-548-6591
310-514-8817
415-258-9214
415-507-0482
925-820-4325
925-556-1225
619-428-5093
442-372-8455
619-690-9203
831-392-0311
559-875-9119
559-875-2050
949-252-6100
949-252-6102
714-541-0025
714-667-1164
714-972-3140
714-546-5612
714-545-2380
714-839-8131
714-751-3140
714-979-4862
714-531-0480
714-480-0610
805-965-7875
805-687-6164
805-965-9968
408-243-2897
408-748-8961
408-248-8805
408-727-9726
661-250-4842
661-252-1480
661-252-5251
661-297-8296
661-799-5861
831-423-6394
831-459-0744
562-903-5982
562-926-7831
805-347-7791
805-922-0910
805-349-1140
805-928-4881
310-458-7700
310-314-6270
209-826-9205
805-525-1980
707-523-3815
707-538-7730
707-528-4662
707-569-9222
707-523-2534
619-449-9950
408-446-5092
831-438-4614
562-594-4801
831-224-9912
559-896-4483
661-746-1638
530-275-2943
818-990-6805
562-424-8500
805-526-2222
805-582-2305
805-578-7400
805-527-9975
831-678-1453
707-938-8094
209-533-1226
209-588-8266
626-448-4455
626-350-1639
323-567-1315
562-928-1324
323-564-8385

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
ROBERT D HUMASON, JR.
PAUL PERNECKY
COSME W FAGUNDO
COSME W FAGUNDO
COSME W FAGUNDO
CHRISTOPHER ROWE
LARRY S KAPLAN
DYLAN C SCHRADER
CARLI M SCHRADER
CARLI M SCHRADER
CARLI M SCHRADER
CATHLEEN SCHRADER
CRAIG M SCHRADER
CRAIG M SCHRADER
CRAIG M SCHRADER
CRAIG M SCHRADER
CRAIG M SCHRADER
CRAIG M SCHRADER
MEGHAN M SCHRADER
NANCY J SCHRADER
NANCY J SCHRADER
C. C YIN
ALEX D MESTAS
RICHARD M BECHGUENTURIAN
COSME A FAGUNDO
LEE A FREEMAN
LARRY C TRIPPLETT
ROBERT D HUMASON, JR.
MATTHEW R DELPH
HELEN HO
STEVEN HO
MARYANN PACIULLO
MARYANN PACIULLO
SEAN PIAZZA
RICHARD M SHALHOUB
RICHARD M SHALHOUB
RICHARD M SHALHOUB
RICHARD M SHALHOUB
MICHAEL E PERNECKY
ANDREW CHANG
ANDREW CHANG
TAWNIE L BLADE
TI CHANG
JESSICA J D'AMBRA
JESSICA J D'AMBRA
CRAIG M SCHRADER
CRAIG M SCHRADER
CRAIG M SCHRADER
CRAIG M SCHRADER
MARK RUIZ
RICHARD M BECHGUENTURIAN
MATTHEW R DELPH
MATTHEW R DELPH
ROGER P DELPH
ROGER P DELPH
DENNIS GRASPOINTNER
DENNIS GRASPOINTNER
CARL M JEVERT, JR.
SHARON M MACDONALD
SHARON M MACDONALD
JEFFREY M MARTINEZ
STEPHEN D PEAT
STEPHEN D PEAT
LARRY C TRIPPLETT
LARRY C TRIPPLETT
EDDIE PUI LUN YUEN
HARRIS LIU
HARRIS LIU
MARY YIN LIU
MARY YIN LIU
MARY YIN LIU
MARK SCHUTZ
MARK SCHUTZ
JASON D GOLDBLATT
PETER OU
PETER OU
PETER OU
PETER OU
C. C YIN
LESLIE MANNES
ANDREW MARROQUIN
ANDREW MARROQUIN
ANDREW MARROQUIN
ANTHONY N LARDAS
ANDREW MARROQUIN
ANDREW MARROQUIN
NICOLE HARPER RAWLINS
WAHID U BALKHI
WAHID U BALKHI
MARISOL C SANCHEZ

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
3715 LAKE TAHOE BLVD, SOUTH LAKE TAHOE, CA 96150
716 FAIR OAKS AVE, SOUTH PASADENA, CA 91030-2604
2298 GELLERT BLVD, SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94080-5411
587 ELCAMINO REAL, SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94080-4402
381 S AIRPORT BLVD, SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94080
8730 JAMACHA BLVD, SPRING VALLEY, CA 91977-5631
11097 BEACH BLVD, STANTON, CA 90680
3355 E HAMMER LN, STOCKTON, CA 95212
1423 N CENTER ST, STOCKTON, CA 95202-1022
4419 WATERLOO ROAD, STOCKTON, CA 95215
563 CAROLYN WESTON BLVD, STOCKTON, CA 95206
322 S CENTER, STOCKTON, CA 95203
4515 PACIFIC AVE, STOCKTON, CA 95207-7694
611 W CHARTER WAY, STOCKTON, CA 95206-1709
3143 W BENJAMIN HOLT DR, STOCKTON, CA 95219
1049 E MARCH LN, STOCKTON, CA 95210-3544
2415 W HAMMER LN, STOCKTON, CA 95209
2505 MARCH LN, STOCKTON, CA 95207
1009 N WILSON WAY, STOCKTON, CA 95205-4217
8020 LOWER SACRAMENTO RD, STOCKTON, CA 95210-3724
10623 TRINITY PARKWAY, STOCKTON, CA 95219
109 SUNSET CENTER, SUISUN CITY, CA 94585-2063
28000 BRADLEY RD, SUN CITY, CA 92586
7950 FOOTHILL BLVD, SUNLAND, CA 91040-2937
696 N MATHILDA AVE, SUNNYVALE, CA 94085
556 E EL CAMINO REAL, SUNNYVALE, CA 94086
550 LAWRENCE EXPY, SUNNYVALE, CA 94086-4043
3000 MAIN ST, SUSANVILLE, CA 96130-4738
10001 KERN STREET, TAFT, CA 93268
18510 VICTORY BLVD, TARZANA, CA 91335
18909 VENTURA BLVD, TARZANA, CA 91356-3211
795 TUCKER RD, TEHACHAPI, CA 93561
2000 E TEHACHAPI BLVD, TEHACHAPI, CA 93561
32225 HWY79 SOUTH (WM #2708), TEMECULA, CA 92592
28100 JEFFERSON AVE, TEMECULA, CA 92590
31853 HWY 79 S, TEMECULA, CA 92592
40465 WINCHESTER RD, TEMECULA, CA 92591
30580 RANCHO CALIFORNIA RD, TEMECULA, CA 92591
9831 E LAS TUNAS DR, TEMPLE CITY, CA 91780-2209
1730 N MOORPARK RD, THOUSAND OAKS, CA 91360
1908 AVENIDA DE LOS ARBOLES, THOUSAND OAKS, CA 91362
931 SEPULVEDA BLVD, TORRANCE, CA 90502
18145 CRENSHAW BLVD, TORRANCE, CA 90504
3880 PACIFIC COAST HIGHWAY, TORRANCE, CA 90505-5916
24650 CRENSHAW BLVD, TORRANCE, CA 90505
3430 TRACY BLVD, TRACY, CA 95376-1723
1820 W 11TH ST, TRACY, CA 95376-3736
2820 SOUTH TRACY BLVD, TRACY, CA 95377
236 E 11TH STREET, TRACY, CA 95376
11420 DEERFIELD DR, TRUCKEE, CA 96161-0501
6510 FOOTHILL BLVD, TUJUNGA, CA 91042
1310 BARDSLEY AVE, TULARE, CA 93274
2710 S BLACKSTONE ST, TULARE, CA 93274
768 E PROSPERITY AVE, TULARE, CA 93274
108 E CROSS AVE, TULARE, CA 93274-2850
2000 W MAIN ST, TURLOCK, CA 95380-9434
3050 COUNTRYSIDE DR, TURLOCK, CA 95380
2400 GEER RD, TURLOCK, CA 95382
245 EAST FIRST STREET, TUSTIN, CA 92780
2452 BRYAN AVE, TUSTIN, CA 92782
6455 ADOBE RD, TWENTYNINE PALMS, CA 92277-2605
115 N ORCHARD AVE, UKIAH, CA 95482-4501
1310 N STATE ST, UKIAH, CA 95482
27 UNION SQUARE, UNION CITY, CA 94587-3557
30600 DYER ST (WM #2031), UNION CITY, CA 94587
1590 FOOTHILL BLVD, UPLAND, CA 91786
1310 E MONTE VISTA AVE, VACAVILLE, CA 95688-3014
3101 ALAMO, VACAVILLE, CA 95687
990 ALAMO DR, VACAVILLE, CA 95687
541 DAVIS ST, VACAVILLE, CA 95688
817 LEISURE TOWN ROAD, VACAVILLE, CA 95687
23110 VALENCIA BLVD, VALENCIA, CA 91355-1716
27618 THE OLD ROAD, VALENCIA, CA 91355
5200 SONOMA BLVD, VALLEJO, CA 94589
902 ADMIRAL CALLAGHAN LN, VALLEJO, CA 94590-3680
2565 SPRINGS RD, VALLEJO, CA 94591-5612
170 LINCOLN RD E, VALLEJO, CA 94591-8206
416 LINCOLN RD E, VALLEJO, CA 94591
3289 SONOMA BLVD, VALLEJO, CA 94590-2911
27650 VALLEY CENTER ROAD, VALLEY CENTER, CA 92082
7045 VAN NUYS BLVD, VAN NUYS, CA 91405
13700 SHERMAN WAY, VAN NUYS, CA 91405
7161 SEPULVEDA BLVD, VAN NUYS, CA 91406
2457 LINCOLN BLVD, VENICE, CA 90291-5040
5980 TELEGRAPH RD, VENTURA, CA 93003-4300
4110 E MAIN ST, VENTURA, CA 93003-5228
3737 SOTO ST, VERNON, CA 90058
13625 BEAR VALLEY ROAD, VICTORVILLE, CA 92392
12254 PALMDALE ROAD, VICTORVILLE, CA 92392
12146 MARIPOSA RD, VICTORVILLE, CA 92392-6006

20

TELEPHONE
530-541-2256
626-799-9242
650-583-2562
650-588-1881
650-871-6018
619-460-7433
714-379-5540
209-395-3618
209-307-6555
209-851-2893
209-636-4007
209-307-6323
209-762-3745
209-762-3500
209-395-3604
209-307-6533
209-395-3825
209-307-6256
209-762-3452
209-279-1243
209-307-6038
707-426-6235
951-301-3853
818-951-8316
408-830-9970
408-736-5091
408-733-2730
530-257-6880
661-763-5656
818-342-2500
818-342-2253
661-822-0948
661-823-8300
760-504-9104
951-676-8704
951-303-0689
951-296-6653
951-695-1300
626-292-1711
805-777-9162
805-492-2555
310-539-3102
310-771-8290
310-373-8114
310-539-4570
209-237-2538
209-237-2566
209-237-2557
209-237-2561
530-587-3880
818-353-7100
559-687-9258
559-688-1182
559-684-1308
559-688-6169
209-667-7086
209-656-7434
209-632-6874
714-832-8485
714-832-2699
760-367-1247
707-462-0008
707-463-8205
510-489-6080
510-441-7741
909-946-9412
707-449-8275
707-452-0709
707-449-6477
707-469-7429
707-446-4408
661-259-1811
661-253-1020
707-554-8755
707-552-7497
707-648-2141
707-553-1209
707-648-9361
707-643-6220
858-225-8622
818-785-2490
818-442-9790
818-994-0601
310-822-5133
805-642-9798
805-644-6268
323-585-2251
760-949-5200
760-245-5627
760-241-3122

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
MARISOL C SANCHEZ
MARISOL C SANCHEZ
MARISOL C SANCHEZ
ROGER P DELPH
ROGER P DELPH
ROGER P DELPH
ROGER P DELPH
ROGER P DELPH
ROGER P DELPH
FRANCISCO M SANCHEZ
BRENDA SCHMID
BRENDA SCHMID
TODD HORNER
MATTHEW R DELPH
JUSTIN L GRASPOINTNER
TILA BANUELOS
TILA BANUELOS
MARTIN J GUERRERO
DANIEL A TURNER
PETER E HORNER
TODD HORNER
MARGARITA T WORLEY
MARGARITA T WORLEY
AYMAN YOUSSEF
MICHAEL S TECK
JAY HAZARI
CHARLES SPECHT
CHARLES SPECHT
CHARLES SPECHT
ANDREW CHANG
COREY D JOHNSON
NEAL RUBY
NATHAN CARTER
NATHAN CARTER
NORMAN CARTER
NORMAN CARTER
NORMAN CARTER
ANNA MARIE MESTAS
JOHN G COOK
STEPHEN D PEAT
SCOTT I RODRICK
VIRGINIA F MANGIONE
ANNA MARIE MESTAS
ANNA MARIE MESTAS
DENISE S HAMM
HARRIS LIU
MARY YIN LIU
STEVEN HO
NEAL RUBY
EDDIE PUI LUN YUEN
DANIEL A TURNER
JOHN G COOK
JOHN G COOK
JOHN G COOK
ALEXA GAROFONO
JESSICA EVANS
JEFFREY M MARTINEZ
GISELA T PHELAN
JAMES JOSEPH BOSELLI
JAMES JOSEPH BOSELLI
JAMES JOSEPH BOSELLI
JAMES JOSEPH BOSELLI
SEAN P CONNELLY
MICHAEL STRIPLING
MICHAEL STRIPLING
ABRAHAM ASFAW
ELIAS ASFAW
ELIAS ASFAW
JASON LESSNAU
JASON LESSNAU
KATHLEEN M LINNEMAN
KATHLEEN M LINNEMAN
JUAN SAMOUR
JUAN SAMOUR
JOSEPH JOHNSON
JOSEPH JOHNSON
JOSEPH JOHNSON
JOSEPH JOHNSON
JOSEPH JOHNSON
JOSEPH JOHNSON
JOSEPH JOHNSON
PAUL NELSON
JUAN SAMOUR
TODD R LUTHER
JUAN SAMOUR
JUAN SAMOUR
BRIAN BOSELLI
BRIAN BOSELLI
BRIAN BOSELLI
SARAH K HILL

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
14526 PALMDALE RD, VICTORVILLE, CA 92392
14860 LA PAZ PL, VICTORVILLE, CA 92392
16670 BEAR VALLEY ROAD, VICTORVILLE, CA 92395
3636 W MINERAL KING AVE, VISALIA, CA 93277
3636 S MOONEY BLVD, VISALIA, CA 93277-8019
1401 E NOBLE AVE, VISALIA, CA 93292-3042
5215 W WALNUT, VISALIA, CA 93277
5205 W GOSHEN, VISALIA, CA 93291
3102 NDINUBA, VISALIA, CA 93291
827 S SANTA FE AVE, VISTA, CA 92083-5237
1470 N SANTA FE, VISTA, CA 92083
1455 E VISTA WAY, VISTA, CA 92084
528 GRAND AVENUE, WALNUT, CA 91789
2100 HWY 46, WASCO, CA 93280
12101 YOSEMITE BLVD, WATERFORD, CA 95386
1459 MAIN ST, WATSONVILLE, CA 95076
190 MAIN ST, WATSONVILLE, CA 95076
1598 FREEDOM BLVD, WATSONVILLE, CA 95076-3007
1925 SHASTINA DR, WEED, CA 96094-9712
2501 SOUTH AZUSA, WEST COVINA, CA 91791
2623 E VALLEY BLVD, WEST COVINA, CA 91792-3027
100 N AZUSA AVENUE, WEST COVINA, CA 91791-1341
3030 EAST GARVEY AVENUE SOUTH, WEST COVINA, CA 91791-2303
461 S VINCENT AVE, WEST COVINA, CA 91790
6433 PLATT AVE, WEST HILLS, CA 91307
800 RIVERPOINT CIR, WEST SACRAMENTO, CA 95605
1700 W CAPITOL AVE, WEST SACRAMENTO, CA 95691-2520
2729 W CAPITOL AVE, WEST SACRAMENTO, CA 95691
2244 LAKE WASHINGTON BLVD, WEST SACRAMENTO, CA 95691
3805 E THOUSAND OAKS BLVD, WESTLAKE VILLAGE, CA 91361
4561 HOWARD RD, WESTLEY, CA 95387
7112 WESTMINSTER AVENUE, WESTMINSTER, CA 92683-4233
11529 E WASHINGTON BLVD, WHITTIER, CA 90606-3123
11755 WHITTIER BLVD, WHITTIER, CA 90601
15710 LEFFINGWELL RD, WHITTIER, CA 90604-3325
8840 N PAINTER AVE, WHITTIER, CA 90602-3342
15000 WHITTIER BLVD, WHITTIER, CA 90603
23819 CLINTON KEITH RD, WILDOMAR, CA 92595
475 4TH ST, WILLIAMS, CA 95987
1488 S MAIN ST, WILLITS, CA 95490-4301
1401 WEST WOOD STREET, WILLOWS, CA 95988
230 E PACIFIC COAST HWY, WILMINGTON, CA 90744-2615
35934 WINCHESTER RD, WINCHESTER, CA 92596
DOMENIGONI PKWY, WINCHESTER, CA 92596
125 WINDSOR RIVER RD, WINDSOR, CA 95492
55 WEST COURT STREET, WOODLAND, CA 95695
1500 E MAIN ST, WOODLAND, CA 95695-6200
23340 AVE SAN LUIS, WOODLAND HILLS, CA 91364
18515 YORBA LINDA BOULEVARD, YORBA LINDA, CA 92886-4135
22322 OLD CANAL RD, YORBA LINDA, CA 92887
1806 FORT JONES RD, YREKA, CA 96097-9532
866 COLUSA AVENUE, YUBA CITY, CA 95991-3733
1150 HARTER PKWY (WM #1903), YUBA CITY, CA 95993
1080 HARTER ROAD, YUBA CITY, CA 95993
1254 STABLER LN, YUBA CITY, CA 95911
33590 YUCAIPA BLVD, YUCAIPA, CA 92399
57626 TWENTYNINE PALMS HWY, YUCCA VALLEY, CA 92284-3073
100 CRAFT DR, ALAMOSA, CO 81101-2272
9825 W 58TH AVE, ARVADA, CO 80002-2011
6590 N WADSWORTH, ARVADA, CO 80003
5235 N WADSWORTH, ARVADA, CO 80002
14825 WEST 64TH AVENUE, ARVADA, CO 80007
8001 WADSWORTH BLVD, ARVADA, CO 80005
18181 E HAMPDEN AVE, AURORA, CO 80013
4000 S PARKER RD, AURORA, CO 80014
19893 E SMOKY HILL RD, AURORA, CO 80015
21659 E QUINCY AVE, AURORA, CO 80013
480 S AIRPORT BLVD, AURORA, CO 80017
12900 E MISSISSIPPI AVE, AURORA, CO 80012
2651 S PARKER RD, AURORA, CO 80014
3151 N AIRPORT BLVD, AURORA, CO 80011
1444 SOUTH HAVANA, AURORA, CO 80012
14251 E COLFAX AVE, AURORA, CO 80011-5717
14201 E 6TH AVE, AURORA, CO 80011
11025 E COLFAX AVE, AURORA, CO 80010-2502
16891 E ILIFF, AURORA, CO 80013-1136
1050 S CHAMBERS ROAD, AURORA, CO 80017-3027
16890 E QUINCY, AURORA, CO 80015
6462 PARKER BLVD, AURORA, CO 80016
25650 E ARAPAHOE ROAD, AURORA, CO 80016
14098 E ILIFF AVENUE, AURORA, CO 80014
171 YODER AVE (WM #1199), AVON, CO 81657
1191 1ST STREET, BENNETT, CO 80102
1273 GRAND MARKET AVE, BERTHOUD, CO 80513
2920 BASELINE RD, BOULDER, CO 80303-2314
1800 28TH STREET, BOULDER, CO 80301
895 KUNER RD, BRIGHTON, CO 80601-2857
2017 PRAIRIE CENTER PARKWAY, BRIGHTON, CO 80601
4833 E BRIDGE STREET, BRIGHTON, CO 80601
595 HWY 287, BROOMFIELD, CO 80020-1731

21

TELEPHONE
760-245-1001
760-243-4032
760-304-9247
559-732-1182
559-738-0188
559-627-2318
559-636-3323
559-636-0494
559-735-9661
760-518-1378
760-630-7648
760-933-4278
909-598-6566
661-758-8616
209-874-0012
831-761-8450
831-768-8540
831-724-0919
530-938-2806
626-961-4828
626-964-7991
626-331-0841
626-915-8077
626-962-7650
818-883-2301
916-376-9000
916-371-0523
916-622-5000
916-372-6600
805-494-9636
209-894-3444
714-894-4608
562-695-7689
562-908-4905
562-947-4887
562-696-0838
562-696-2338
951-461-7345
530-473-2330
707-459-2120
530-934-5618
310-834-1960
951-223-3200
951-926-0006
707-837-0446
530-669-7012
530-668-1011
818-224-3996
714-777-1250
714-283-3040
530-842-5179
530-674-3001
530-674-8248
530-673-2665
530-751-0193
909-790-5908
760-365-0711
719-589-2228
303-423-9161
303-431-4733
303-420-1966
303-423-0912
303-420-3034
303-680-4197
720-870-3317
303-766-4678
720-459-8650
720-459-8650
303-671-2578
303-750-7384
303-364-0706
303-306-0255
303-343-6169
720-639-2617
303-364-5212
303-751-4580
303-696-7592
303-690-6868
303-617-3339
303-766-0760
303-751-4580
970-949-6177
303-644-3336
970-221-4578
303-568-9256
303-443-4700
303-659-6602
720-685-7855
303-659-8737
303-466-9764

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
SARAH K HILL
JOSEPH JOHNSON
SCOTT G ANGELOS
DAVID M NAPIER
JAMES JOSEPH BOSELLI
JAMES JOSEPH BOSELLI
JAMES JOSEPH BOSELLI
DOUGLAS R KING
JASON THOMPSON
CHAD FURLER
CHAD FURLER
JAMES JOSEPH BOSELLI
S TODD MCMILLAN
S TODD MCMILLAN
S TODD MCMILLAN
PURVI NAIK
PURVI NAIK
PURVI NAIK
PURVI NAIK
PURVI NAIK
MARIA M REINERTH
MARIA M REINERTH
JASON THOMPSON
JASON THOMPSON
JASON THOMPSON
JASON THOMPSON
JASON THOMPSON
JASON THOMPSON
JASON THOMPSON
LAUREN M ADDY
SERENA RODGERS
MICHAEL S SANDOVAL
MICHAEL BRETT BRONSON
PAUL NELSON
JAMES NELSON
LAUREN M ADDY
LAUREN M ADDY
ELIAS ASFAW
GETA ASFAW
GETA ASFAW
GETA ASFAW
LAURA L BUCAR
JESSICA M BUCAR-STANDRIDGE
JESSICA M BUCAR-STANDRIDGE
SARAH K HILL
SARAH K HILL
JASON LESSNAU
JASON LESSNAU
JASON LESSNAU
JASON LESSNAU
JASON LESSNAU
KATHLEEN M LINNEMAN
KATHLEEN M LINNEMAN
KATHLEEN M LINNEMAN
MARIA M REINERTH
SERENA RODGERS
SERENA RODGERS
SERENA RODGERS
JUAN SAMOUR
JUAN SAMOUR
JUAN SAMOUR
JUAN SAMOUR
JOSEPH JOHNSON
MICHAEL BRETT BRONSON
MICHAEL BRETT BRONSON
TODD R LUTHER
KATHLEEN M LINNEMAN
JUAN SAMOUR
KATHLEEN M LINNEMAN
KATHLEEN M LINNEMAN
KATHLEEN M LINNEMAN
JOSEPH JOHNSON
JUAN SAMOUR
SEAN P CONNELLY
JOSEPH JOHNSON
LAUREN M ADDY
LAUREN M ADDY
LAUREN A HOLMBERG
ROBERT G LUTHER
ROBERT G LUTHER
ROBERT G LUTHER
ROBERT G LUTHER
TODD R LUTHER
JOSEPH JOHNSON
JOSEPH JOHNSON
KEVIN T NAPIER
KEVIN T NAPIER
LAUREN A HOLMBERG
DOUGLAS R KING
LAUREN A HOLMBERG

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
1250 E 1ST AVE, BROOMFIELD, CO 80020
1035 N COLORADO AVE, BRUSH, CO 80723
440 LINCOLN AVENUE SOUTH, BURLINGTON, CO 80807
2305 FREMONT DR, CANON CITY, CO 81212
995 PARK ST, CASTLE ROCK, CO 80104-1527
4999 FACTORY SHOP BLVD, CASTLE ROCK, CO 80104
1025 ALOHA ST, CASTLE ROCK, CO 80104
3219 I 70 BUSINESS LOOP, CLIFTON, CO 81520
2705 JANITELL RD, COLORADO SPRING, CO 80906
1824 S NEVADA, COLORADO SPRINGS, CO 80906-2517
3021 W COLORADO AVE, COLORADO SPRINGS, CO 80904
765 WEST BAPTIST ROAD, COLORADO SPRINGS, CO 80921
8120 VOYAGER PARKWAY, COLORADO SPRINGS, CO 80920
434 GARDEN OF THE GODS RD, COLORADO SPRINGS, CO 80903
7901 WOODMEN CENTER HEIGHTS, COLORADO SPRINGS, CO 80908
207 N WAHSATCH, COLORADO SPRINGS, CO 80903-3408
324 E FILLMORE ST, COLORADO SPRINGS, CO 80907-6368
5765 CONSTITUTION AVE, COLORADO SPRINGS, CO 80915
1245 INTERQUEST PKWY, COLORADO SPRINGS, CO 80921
1103 N CIRCLE DR, COLORADO SPRINGS, CO 80909
535 AIRPORT CREEK POINT, COLORADO SPRINGS, CO 80916
5450 TUTT BOULEVARD, COLORADO SPRINGS, CO 80922
1244 N ACADEMY BLVD, COLORADO SPRINGS, CO 80909-4422
4801 NORTH ACADEMY BLVD, COLORADO SPRINGS, CO 80918
390 S 8TH ST, COLORADO SPRINGS, CO 80906
2515 S ACADEMY BLVD, COLORADO SPRINGS, CO 80910
510 N MURRAY BLVD, COLORADO SPRINGS, CO 80915
4310 BARNES RD, COLORADO SPRINGS, CO 80917
3535 HARTSEL DR, COLORADO SPRINGS, CO 80920
10400 BELLE CREEK BLVD, COMMERCE CITY, CO 80640
15251 E 104TH AVE, COMMERCE CITY, CO 80022
6050 PARKWAY DRIVE, COMMERCE CITY, CO 80022-3250
1322 E MAIN ST, CORTEZ, CO 81321-2914
1080 W VICTORY WAY, CRAIG, CO 81625-2940
108 GUNNISON RIVER RD, DELTA, CO 81416-1856
505 E COLFAX AVE, DENVER, CO 80203-2017
4020 W COLFAX, DENVER, CO 80204-1462
1350 W COLFAX, DENVER, CO 80204
3350 COLORADO BLVD, DENVER, CO 80205-3810
300 S BROADWAY, DENVER, CO 80209
3790 QUEBEC ST, DENVER, CO 80238
5550 W DARTMOUTH AVE, DENVER, CO 80227-5504
3320 W 38TH AVE, DENVER, CO 80211-1910
5085 N FEDERAL BLVD, DENVER, CO 80221
4490 WASHINGTON ST, DENVER, CO 80216-3545
5750 N WASHINGTON ST, DENVER, CO 80216
7075 E HAMPDEN AVE, DENVER, CO 80224-3032
5880 LEETSDALE DR, DENVER, CO 80224-1223
1195 S COLORADO BLVD, DENVER, CO 80227
6355 E EVANS, DENVER, CO 80224
3996 E EVANS, DENVER, CO 80210
1905 S FEDERAL BLVD, DENVER, CO 80219-5509
1395 SANTA FE, DENVER, CO 80223-3233
6201 E COLFAX AVE, DENVER, CO 80220
2850 W ALAMEDA, DENVER, CO 80219
DENVER AIRPORT - DEN CONC C, DENVER, CO 80249
DENVER AIRPORT - DEN CONC A, DENVER, CO 80249
DENVER AIRPORT - DEN CONC B, DENVER, CO 80249
4475 PEORIA STREET, DENVER, CO 80239-4817
8500 CRESTLINE AVE, DENVER, CO 80123
4780 YAMPA STREET, DENVER, CO 80249-6839
6493 N TOWER RD, DENVER, CO 80249
5090 S QUEBEC, DENVER, CO 80237-2707
201 W COLLEGE DR, DURANGO, CO 81301-5464
37 ZYME ROCK RD, DURANGO, CO 81301
55 S OAK B, EATON, CO 80615
1701 SHERIDAN BLVD, EDGEWATER, CO 80214-1323
1950 LEGACY CIRCLE, ELIZABETH, CO 80107
630 WEST HAMPDEN AVENUE, ENGLEWOOD, CO 80110-2114
6686 S YOSEMITE CT, ENGLEWOOD, CO 80111
3601 S FEDERAL, ENGLEWOOD, CO 80110-3212
10555 E BRIARWOOD CIR, ENGLEWOOD, CO 80124
1853 HIGHWAY 7, ERIE, CO 80516
501 BIG THOMPSON AVE, ESTES PARK, CO 80517
3201 23RD AVE, EVANS, CO 80620
9190 NORTH FEDERAL BLVD, FEDERAL HEIGHTS, CO 80221-5835
2750 W 104TH AVE, FEDERAL HEIGHTS, CO 80234
5950 FIRESTONE BLVD, FIRESTONE, CO 80504
2401 S COLLEGE AVE, FORT COLLINS, CO 80525-1725
1250 W ELIZABETH ST, FORT COLLINS, CO 80525-4509
3512 S TIMBERLINE RD, FORT COLLINS, CO 80524
4424 DENROSE CT, FORT COLLINS, CO 80524
1675 N COLLEGE AVE, FORT COLLINS, CO 80524
4525 S COLLEGE AVE, FORT COLLINS, CO 80525
1203 MAIN STREET, FORT MORGAN, CO 80701
105 PLAZA, FOUNTAIN, CO 80911
6950 MESA RIDGE PKWY, FOUNTAIN, CO 80817
3650 STATE HIGHWAY 52, FREDERICK, CO 80516-9406
555 JURASSIC CT, FRUITA, CO 81521
105 1ST STREET, FT LUPTON, CO 80621

22

TELEPHONE
303-635-8020
970-842-2717
719-346-5190
719-275-9257
303-688-5880
303-660-8803
303-386-4993
970-434-9190
719-538-0075
719-633-1171
719-444-0132
719-481-8742
719-593-0511
719-599-8774
719-203-4581
719-634-7589
719-375-8380
719-637-0393
719-424-7678
719-698-6045
719-574-3477
719-591-8541
719-596-1977
719-598-4982
719-635-5281
719-392-8249
719-573-1711
719-572-1782
719-266-9772
303-289-3207
303-227-9939
303-288-9418
970-565-6004
970-824-7638
970-874-5503
303-832-4259
303-825-3558
720-904-9550
303-394-1541
303-715-3612
303-321-3170
303-986-0814
303-458-0127
303-477-0655
303-295-6961
303-297-2690
303-756-4833
303-388-9073
303-756-8430
303-756-0271
303-759-8313
303-934-6836
303-744-6769
303-333-0982
303-937-6880
303-342-9052
303-342-9048
303-342-9050
303-373-4146
303-972-1967
303-373-5377
303-371-6410
303-694-0255
970-247-2446
970-344-6513
970-454-5575
303-237-1070
303-593-1208
303-762-1187
303-770-6650
303-781-4097
303-662-1318
720-758-7915
970-586-3434
970-506-0683
303-426-1535
720-889-2291
303-776-8087
970-482-1612
970-221-4578
970-206-0428
970-221-3299
970-221-8550
970-225-1717
970-867-8833
719-391-1315
719-476-0514
303-833-5366
970-858-3843
303-502-3060

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
PAUL NELSON
JAMES JOSEPH BOSELLI
JAMES JOSEPH BOSELLI
MICHAEL S SANDOVAL
PAUL NELSON
DOUGLAS R KING
SHANE KING
TODD R LUTHER
JOSEPH JOHNSON
JOSEPH JOHNSON
JOSEPH JOHNSON
PAUL NELSON
KATHLEEN M LINNEMAN
JOSEPH JOHNSON
JAMES JOSEPH BOSELLI
JOSEPH JOHNSON
KEVIN T NAPIER
JUAN SAMOUR
LAURA L BUCAR
JESSICA M BUCAR-STANDRIDGE
MICHAEL S SANDOVAL
MICHAEL S SANDOVAL
SCOTT G ANGELOS
JASON THOMPSON
KATHLEEN M LINNEMAN
KATHLEEN M LINNEMAN
KATHLEEN M LINNEMAN
KATHLEEN M LINNEMAN
KATHLEEN M LINNEMAN
JUAN SAMOUR
MICHAEL S SANDOVAL
MICHAEL S SANDOVAL
JOSEPH JOHNSON
SEAN P CONNELLY
SEAN P CONNELLY
SEAN P CONNELLY
LAUREN A HOLMBERG
SARAH K HILL
LAUREN A HOLMBERG
SHARON S KOENIG
JOSEPH JOHNSON
JENNIFER LONG-WALKER
JENNIFER LONG-WALKER
JAMES JOSEPH BOSELLI
PAUL NELSON
LAUREN M ADDY
MICHAEL BRETT BRONSON
JAMES NELSON
MARIA M REINERTH
JUAN SAMOUR
JUAN SAMOUR
JOSEPH JOHNSON
JASON THOMPSON
DAVID M NAPIER
DAVID M NAPIER
DAVID M NAPIER
KEVIN T NAPIER
KEVIN T NAPIER
KEVIN T NAPIER
KEVIN T NAPIER
PAUL NELSON
PAUL NELSON
PAUL NELSON
PAUL NELSON
JOSEPH JOHNSON
LAUREN M ADDY
LAUREN M ADDY
LAUREN M ADDY
LAUREN M ADDY
LAUREN M ADDY
LAUREN M ADDY
LAUREN M ADDY
LAUREN M ADDY
GISELA T PHELAN
PAUL NELSON
TODD R LUTHER
JAMES JOSEPH BOSELLI
JAMES JOSEPH BOSELLI
SEAN P CONNELLY
SARAH K HILL
SARAH K HILL
MICHAEL S SANDOVAL
ROBERT G LUTHER
PAUL NELSON
CHAD FURLER
JOHN N HASKOS
GEORGE R MICHELL
SARA AMATO
CHRISTIAN C TREFZ
CHRISTIAN C TREFZ

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
3112 GLEN AVE, GLENWOOD SPRINGS, CO 81601-4443
17500 S GOLDEN RD, GOLDEN, CO 80401-2694
902 SWEDE GULCH RD, GOLDEN, CO 80401
2881 YOUNGFIELD STREET, GOLDEN, CO 80401-2267
1131 THOMPSON ROAD, GRANBY, CO 80446
1212 NORTH AVE, GRAND JUNCTION, CO 81501-3143
2438 C HWY 6 AND 50, GRAND JUNCTION, CO 81505
2912 W 10TH ST, GREELEY, CO 80634-5427
2440 8TH AVE, GREELEY, CO 80631-7035
2520 47TH AVE, GREELEY, CO 80631-9481
6901 W 10TH STREET, GREELEY, CO 80634
800 E TOMICHI, GUNNISON, CO 81230-2065
9235 S BROADWAY, HIGHLANDS RANCH, CO 80126
8667 S QUEBEC ST, HIGHLANDS RANCH, CO 80126
2911 COLORADO BLVD, IDAHO SPRINGS, CO 80452
150 S PARISH AVE, JOHNSTOWN, CO 80534
27680 HWY 50 FRONTAGE ROAD, LA JUNTA, CO 81050-9717
399 N HWY 287, LAFAYETTE, CO 80026
1888 S WADSWORTH BLVD, LAKEWOOD, CO 80226
12017 W ALAMEDA PARKWAY, LAKEWOOD, CO 80228
6801 WEST ALAMEDA, LAKEWOOD, CO 80226-3301
10000 W COLFAX AVE, LAKEWOOD, CO 80215
1011 N MAIN ST, LAMAR, CO 81052-2109
837 US HWY 24, LIMON, CO 80828-9501
5858 S SANTA FE, LITTLETON, CO 80120
6300 S BROADWAY, LITTLETON, CO 80120
8241 S HOLLY, LITTLETON, CO 80122-4003
8011 S BROADWAY, LITTLETON, CO 80122-2716
2700 W BELLEVIEW, LITTLETON, CO 80120
8286 S WADSWORTH BLVD, LITTLETON, CO 80123
10177 W PROGRESS, LITTLETON, CO 80127
7509 S ALKIRE ST, LITTLETON, CO 80127
9800 S YOSEMITE, LONE TREE, CO 80124
1900 N MAIN ST, LONGMONT, CO 80501-1914
245 S MAIN, LONGMONT, CO 80501-6423
1051 S HOVER RD, LONGMONT, CO 80501
10863 E I-25 FRONTAGE RD, LONGMONT, CO 80504
939 DILLON RD, LOUISVILLE, CO 80027
209 EAST 29TH, LOVELAND, CO 80538-2721
1809 WEST EISENHOWER ROAD, LOVELAND, CO 80537-3132
1620 FOX TRAIL DR, LOVELAND, CO 80538
1035 MAIN ST, MONTROSE, CO 81401-4041
1451 ODELLE RD, MONTROSE, CO 81401
450 HWY 105, MONUMENT, CO 80132-9125
811 CASTLE VALLEY BLVD, NEW CASTLE, CO 81647
599 WEST 104TH AVE, NORTHGLENN, CO 80234-4002
40 TALISMAN DR, PAGOSA SPRINGS, CO 81147
100 E CARDINAL WAY, PARACHUTE, CO 81635
10011A S JORDAN RD, PARKER, CO 80134
10950 S PARKER RD, PARKER, CO 80134-7440
12201 SLICEROO DRIVE, PARKER, CO 80134
9160 CROWN CREST BLVD, PARKER, CO 80138
7255 N MERIDIAN ROAD, PEYTON, CO 80831
800 W 6TH ST, PUEBLO, CO 81002
612 W NORTHERN AVE, PUEBLO, CO 81008
1921 S PUEBLO BLVD, PUEBLO, CO 81004
711 HWY 50 W, PUEBLO, CO 81008-1603
1007 BONFORTE BLVD, PUEBLO, CO 81001
1650 SANTA FE DR, PUEBLO, CO 81006
1012 N MARKET PLZ, PUEBLO WEST, CO 81007
709 TAUGHENBAUGH BLVD, RIFLE, CO 81650-2704
840 E RAINBOW BLVD, SALIDA, CO 81201-2908
220 SUMMIT PL, SILVERTHORNE, CO 80498
1150 S LINCOLN AVE, STEAMBOAT SPRINGS, CO 80477
214 W MAIN ST, STERLING, CO 80751-3143
8700 N WASHINGTON, THORNTON, CO 80229-4712
3994 E 120TH, THORNTON, CO 80233
10195 N WASHINGTON, THORNTON, CO 80229-2001
3690 E 104TH AVE, THORNTON, CO 80229
611 E 120TH AVE, THORNTON, CO 80241
12875 QUEBEC ST, THORNTON, CO 80602
780 W 84TH AVE, THORNTON, CO 80260
150 E 136TH AVE, THORNTON, CO 80241
322 NEVADA AVE, TRINIDAD, CO 81082-2556
2171 N FRONTAGE RD WEST, VAIL, CO 81657-4957
8120 6TH STREET, WELLINGTON, CO 80549
5770 W 88TH AVE, WESTMINSTER, CO 80030-3030
5155 W 72ND, WESTMINSTER, CO 80030-5137
9995 WADSWORTH, WESTMINSTER, CO 80020
7400 FEDERAL BLVD, WESTMINSTER, CO 80030-4905
2171 W 128TH AVE, WESTMINSTER, CO 80234
3902 WADSWORTH BLVD, WHEAT RIDGE, CO 80033
1061 MAIN STREET, WINDSOR, CO 80550
78850 US HIGHWAY 40, WINTER PARK, CO 80482
524 HWY 24 E, WOODLAND PARK, CO 80866
185 NEW BRITAIN RD, BERLIN, CT 06037
273 COTTAGE GROVE RD, BLOOMFIELD, CT 06002
RT-95 NORTHBOUND (BETWEEN EXIT 53-54), BRANFORD, CT 06405
424 W MAIN ST, BRANFORD, CT 06405
4219 MAIN ST, BRIDGEPORT, CT 06606

23

TELEPHONE
970-945-4969
303-277-0020
303-526-5810
303-238-8671
970-887-3501
970-242-1105
970-245-3900
970-356-2513
970-352-6786
970-330-7320
970-301-4736
970-641-5050
303-683-7655
303-470-9299
303-567-1410
970-587-8995
719-384-8979
303-926-8811
303-763-7500
303-989-0055
303-237-9690
303-238-0665
719-336-5763
719-775-2782
303-795-5649
303-794-6714
303-740-8565
303-797-0767
720-283-3039
720-981-5550
303-973-4440
303-904-9552
303-925-0690
303-772-3017
303-776-9383
303-682-1948
303-651-9608
303-666-9033
970-669-8250
970-669-4211
970-663-5065
970-249-3339
970-240-2722
719-488-0044
970-984-3332
303-452-8894
970-731-1016
970-618-7949
720-851-7615
303-841-8214
720-920-9074
720-851-6040
719-494-8498
719-545-2388
719-544-3424
719-564-0470
719-542-7601
719-543-2767
719-544-8968
719-547-9458
970-625-3236
719-539-2288
970-468-5646
970-879-0247
970-522-1407
303-289-4886
303-450-0428
303-452-5119
303-453-0708
720-872-0121
720-872-2395
303-412-0544
303-524-9423
719-846-3322
970-476-1966
970-568-7933
303-428-5330
303-428-7491
303-420-8484
303-429-9226
303-450-7500
303-421-5250
970-686-2975
970-726-0566
719-687-0777
860-224-0501
860-256-4091
203-481-8661
203-488-0584
203-290-4566

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
CHRISTIAN C TREFZ
CHRISTIAN C TREFZ
CHRISTIAN C TREFZ
SARA AMATO
SCOTT FACEY
PAUL D TREFZ
JOHN N HASKOS
SCOTT FACEY
SARA AMATO
JOHN N HASKOS
JOHN N HASKOS
PAUL D TREFZ
PAUL D TREFZ
PAUL D TREFZ
PAUL FARREN
GEORGE R MICHELL
GEORGE R MICHELL
SCOTT FACEY
SCOTT FACEY
NICHOLAS HASKOS
TIMOTHY J WALSH
SCOTT FACEY
JOSEPH D LA BIANCA
TIMOTHY J WALSH
JORGE B GOMEZ
JORGE B GOMEZ
JORGE B GOMEZ
JORGE B GOMEZ
ROGER D FACEY
JAMES GALLAGHER
GEORGE R MICHELL
CHRISTIAN C TREFZ
ROGER D FACEY
SCOTT TAYLOR
CHRISTIAN C TREFZ
JOSEPH D LA BIANCA
ROGER D FACEY
ROGER D FACEY
SCOTT FACEY
SARA AMATO
ROGER D FACEY
ANEKA YOUNG
ANEKA YOUNG
ANEKA YOUNG
JUDY G YOUNG
JOSEPH SPADEA
RACHEL DEANE
SCOTT FACEY
SCOTT TAYLOR
THOMAS WALSH
TIMOTHY J WALSH
TIMOTHY J WALSH
RACHEL DEANE
SARA AMATO
JOHN N HASKOS
ROBIN KARATZAS
SCOTT FACEY
SCOTT FACEY
SARA AMATO
CHRISTIAN C TREFZ
PAUL D TREFZ
PAUL D TREFZ
PAUL D TREFZ
ROGER D FACEY
JOSEPH D LA BIANCA
CHRISTIAN C TREFZ
CHRISTIAN C TREFZ
KEITH SANTACROCE
ANEKA YOUNG
ANEKA YOUNG
ROGER D FACEY
ROGER D FACEY
ROGER D FACEY
SCOTT FACEY
SCOTT FACEY
JOSEPH D LA BIANCA
PAUL D TREFZ
GEORGE R MICHELL
CHRISTIAN C TREFZ
JOHN N HASKOS
ROGER D FACEY
THEODORE S ZAFIRIS
CHRISTIAN C TREFZ
CHRISTIAN C TREFZ
CHRISTIAN C TREFZ
CHRISTIAN C TREFZ
RACHEL DEANE
RACHEL DEANE
ROGER D FACEY
ROGER D FACEY

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
1900 FAIRFIELD AVE, BRIDGEPORT, CT 06605
250 N AVE, BRIDGEPORT, CT 06606
1700 PARK AVE, BRIDGEPORT, CT 06604-2520
150 N MAIN ST, BRISTOL, CT 06010
646 FARMINGTON AVENUE, BRISTOL, CT 06011
178 FEDERAL RD, BROOKFIELD, CT 06804
850 S MAIN ST, CHESHIRE, CT 06410
108 W MAIN ST, CLINTON, CT 06413
375 S MAIN ST, COLCHESTER, CT 06415
30 SHUNPIKE RD, CROMWELL, CT 06416
125 BERLIN RD, CROMWELL, CT 06416
67 NEWTOWN RD, DANBURY, CT 06810
3 PADANARAM RD, DANBURY, CT 06811
2 LAKE AVE, DANBURY, CT 06810
554 PROVIDENCE RD RTE 6, DANIELSON, CT 06239
RT-95 NORTHBOUND (BETWEEN EXIT 12-13), DARIEN, CT 06820
RT-95 SOUTHBOUND (BETWEEN EXIT 10-9), DARIEN, CT 06820
44 DIVISION ST, DERBY, CT 06418
652 NEW HAVEN AVE, DERBY, CT 06418
15 E HIGH ST, EAST HAMPTON, CT 06424
1261 BURNSIDE AVE, EAST HARTFORD, CT 06108
687 MAIN ST, EAST HAVEN, CT 06512
19 CHESTERFIELD RD, EAST LYME, CT 06333-1252
135 WEST ROAD, ELLINGTON, CT 06029
97 ELM ST, ENFIELD, CT 06082
28 HAZARD AVE, ENFIELD, CT 06082
585 HAZARD AVE, ENFIELD, CT 06082
34 ENFIELD ST, ENFIELD, CT 06082
RT-95 SOUTHBOUND (BETWEEN EXIT 22-21), FAIRFIELD, CT 06430
1835 BLACK ROCK TPKE, FAIRFIELD, CT 06825
RT-95 NORTHBOUND (BETWEEN EXIT 21-22), FAIRFIELD, CT 06824
536 POST RD, FAIRFIELD, CT 06430
1678 CONNECTICUT 12, GALES FERRY, CT 06335
2915 MAIN ST, GLASTONBURY, CT 06033
268 W PUTMAN AVE, GREENWICH, CT 06830
561 LONGHILL RD, GROTON, CT 06340
617 BOSTON POST RD, GUILFORD, CT 06437
1260 DIXWELL AVE, HAMDEN, CT 06514
2320 DIXWELL AVE, HAMDEN, CT 06514
98 WESTON ST, HARTFORD, CT 06120
1303 ALBANY AVE, HARTFORD, CT 06112
76 BRAINARD RD, HARTFORD, CT 06114
172 WASHINGTON ST, HARTFORD, CT 06106
507 FLATBUSH AVE, HARTFORD, CT 06106
214 PROSPECT AVE, HARTFORD, CT 06106
1141 KILLINGLY CMNS, KILLINGLY, CT 06241
97 RIVER RD, LISBON, CT 06351
RT-95 SOUTHBOUND (BETWEEN EXIT 62-61), MADISON, CT 06443
184-188 SPENCER ST, MANCHESTER, CT 06040
70 W CENTER RD, MANCHESTER, CT 06040
1221 TOLLAND TPKE, MANCHESTER, CT 06040
144 DEMING ST, MANCHESTER, CT 06040
118 STORRS RD, MANSFIELD CENTER, CT 06250
533 SOUTH BROAD ST, MERIDEN, CT 06450
412 W MAIN ST, MERIDEN, CT 06450
783 E MAIN ST, MERIDEN, CT 06450
914 WASHINGTON, MIDDLETOWN, CT 06457
611 S MAIN, MIDDLETOWN, CT 06457
RT-95 NORTHBOUND (BETWEEN EXIT 40-41), MILFORD, CT 06460
RT-95 SOUTHBOUND (BETWEEN EXIT 41-40), MILFORD, CT 06460
439 BRIDGEPORT AVENUE, MILFORD, CT 06460-4105
1376 BOSTON POST RD, MILFORD, CT 06460
390 MONROE TPKE, MONROE, CT 06468
1951 NORWICH NEW LONDON TURNPIKE, MONTVILLE, CT 06382
2 COOGAN BLVD, MYSTIC, CT 06355
718 RUBBER AVE, NAUGATUCK, CT 06770
571 NEW HAVEN RD, NAUGATUCK, CT 06770
40 MARTIN LUTHER KING JR DR, NEW BRITAIN, CT 06051
635 HARTFORD ROAD, NEW BRITAIN, CT 06053-1526
698 W MAIN STREET, NEW BRITAIN, CT 06051
280 KIMBERLY AVE, NEW HAVEN, CT 06519
250 WHALLEY AVE, NEW HAVEN, CT 06501
308 FERRY ST, NEW HAVEN, CT 06510
1094 WHALLEY AVE, NEW HAVEN, CT 06515
225 FOXON BLVD, NEW HAVEN, CT 06513
406 COLMAN ST, NEW LONDON, CT 06320
48 DANBURY RD, NEW MILFORD, CT 06776
2375 BERLIN TPKE, NEWINGTON, CT 06111
280 BRANFORD ROAD, NORTH BRANFORD, CT 06471
18 MAIN ST, NORTH CANAAN, CT 06018
365 UNIVERSAL DR, NORTH HAVEN, CT 06473
129 WASHINGTON AVE, NORTH HAVEN, CT 06473
340 MAIN AVE, NORWALK, CT 06851
726 CONNECTICUT AVE, NORWALK, CT 06854
531 WESTPORT AVE, NORWALK, CT 06851
26 BELDEN AVENUE, NORWALK, CT 06850
78 TOWN ST, NORWICH, CT 06360
109 SALEM TPKE, NORWICH, CT 06360-6476
1061 BOSTON POST RD, OLD SAYBROOK, CT 06475
57 BOSTON POST ROAD, ORANGE, CT 06477-3237

24

TELEPHONE
203-330-9440
203-334-7338
203-333-9775
860-584-8013
860-589-7313
203-775-8531
203-272-9002
860-669-1005
860-537-3555
860-635-5572
860-632-7260
203-790-1130
203-798-2668
203-778-0102
860-774-9799
203-309-3777
203-656-1769
203-734-9734
203-734-3437
860-267-9511
860-528-7380
203-466-1289
860-691-2063
860-871-0200
860-253-0084
860-745-1484
860-763-4122
860-745-4314
203-259-9815
203-366-1900
203-259-0595
203-259-7973
860-464-7712
860-633-1731
203-302-3292
860-445-7830
203-453-2845
203-230-8065
203-230-8116
860-724-0200
860-247-3612
860-247-7300
860-560-2292
860-953-1305
860-523-5303
860-774-9755
860-376-9368
203-245-9784
860-812-1977
860-643-6682
860-643-9735
860-648-0769
860-450-4233
203-639-1011
203-238-4212
203-237-3919
860-344-0666
860-346-8751
203-783-1866
203-693-3336
203-874-9606
203-874-9604
203-459-1927
860-848-1700
860-536-9123
203-729-0807
203-729-2434
860-229-0178
860-521-9106
860-225-5487
203-776-1126
203-865-8719
203-776-1464
203-389-6456
203-468-8526
860-443-9377
860-354-2356
860-667-4600
203-481-6237
860-824-5281
203-234-1269
203-239-9086
203-846-8309
203-354-7060
203-849-0242
203-845-8766
860-889-2741
860-889-9234
860-388-6895
203-799-8214

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
PAUL FARREN
PAUL FARREN
ANEKA YOUNG
DINO KARATZAS
JOSEPH SPADEA
CHRISTIAN C TREFZ
TIMOTHY J WALSH
SCOTT TAYLOR
CHRISTIAN C TREFZ
ANEKA YOUNG
CHRISTIAN C TREFZ
ROBIN KARATZAS
JORGE B GOMEZ
CHRISTIAN C TREFZ
CHRISTIAN C TREFZ
ROGER D FACEY
ROGER D FACEY
CHRISTIAN C TREFZ
JOHN N HASKOS
SCOTT TAYLOR
CHRISTIAN C TREFZ
ROGER D FACEY
TIMOTHY J WALSH
THEODORE S ZAFIRIS
CHRISTIAN J TREFZ
CHRISTIAN C TREFZ
CHRISTIAN C TREFZ
CHRISTIAN C TREFZ
THEODORE S ZAFIRIS
JOSEPH D LA BIANCA
JOSEPH D LA BIANCA
CHRISTIAN C TREFZ
SCOTT FACEY
SCOTT FACEY
JOHN N HASKOS
CHRISTIAN C TREFZ
ANEKA YOUNG
ROGER D FACEY
GEORGE R MICHELL
JORGE B GOMEZ
SCOTT TAYLOR
RAJESH SAINANI
AHMAD AFSHARI
KENNETH FOSTER, III
KENNETH FOSTER, III
KENNETH FOSTER, III
CHARLENE FAIR
MARK W FURR
MARK W FURR
MARK W FURR
LUIS C MATEOS
LUIS C MATEOS
JOSEPH E MONTOYA, JR.
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
LUIS E GAVIGNANO
LUIS E GAVIGNANO
LUIS E GAVIGNANO
LUIS E GAVIGNANO
LUIS E GAVIGNANO
LUIS E GAVIGNANO
LUIS E GAVIGNANO
LUIS E GAVIGNANO
LUIS E GAVIGNANO
BHUPENDRA SHAH
BHUPENDRA SHAH
MICHAEL DUKART
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
MICHAEL A MEOLI
MICHAEL A MEOLI
KENNETH YOUNGBLOOD
ASHLEY WELBURN
MICHAEL A MEOLI
MICHAEL A MEOLI
MICHAEL A MEOLI
MICHAEL A MEOLI
MICHAEL A MEOLI
MICHAEL A MEOLI
JOEL DUKART
MICHAEL A MEOLI
MICHAEL DUKART
MICHAEL A MEOLI
MICHAEL A MEOLI
MICHAEL A MEOLI
MICHAEL A MEOLI
STEPHANIE A RAWDEN
STEPHANIE A RAWDEN
MANISH SHAH
JOEL DUKART
JOEL DUKART

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
465 LIBERTY STREET, PAWCATUCK, CT 06379
796 NORWICH ROAD, PLAINFIELD, CT 06374
260 NEW BRITIAN AVE, PLAINVILLE, CT 06062
894 MERIDEN WATERBURY, PLANTSVILLE, CT 06479
6 PROVIDENCE TURNPIKE RTE 44, PUTNAM, CT 06260
1207 EAST PUTNAM AVENUE, RIVERSIDE, CT 06878-1410
74 RESERVOIR ROAD, ROCKVILLE, CT 06066
1994 SILAS DEANE HWY, ROCKY HILL, CT 06067
255 BANK ST, SEYMOUR, CT 06483
769 JOHN FITCH BLVD, SOUTH WINDSOR, CT 06074
100 MAIN ST NORTH, SOUTHBURY, CT 06488
675 QUEEN ST, SOUTHINGTON, CT 06489
89 W STAFFORD RD, STAFFORD SPRINGS, CT 06076
25 BEDFORD STREET, STAMFORD, CT 06901-1908
1103 E MAIN ST, STAMFORD, CT 06901
2439 BARNUM AVE, STRATFORD, CT 06614
411 BARNUM AVE, STRATFORD, CT 06615
321 MAIN ST, TERRYVILLE, CT 06786
1858 E MAIN ST, TORRINGTON, CT 06790
693 N MAIN ST, TORRINGTON, CT 06790
80 HAWLEY LANE, TRUMBULL, CT 06611
1799 FARMINGTON AVE, UNIONVILLE, CT 6085
89 TALCOTVILLE RD, VERNON, CT 06066
608 N COLONY, WALLINGFORD, CT 06492
45 THOMASTON AVE, WATERBURY, CT 06702
530 REIDVILLE DR, WATERBURY, CT 06705
184 CHASE AVE, WATERBURY, CT 06704
881 WOLCOTT ST, WATERBURY, CT 06705
325 UNION ST, WATERBURY, CT 06706
117 BOSTON POST RD, WATERFORD, CT 06385
155 WATERFORD PARKWAY N (WM #2331), WATERFORD, CT 06385-1208
564 STRAITS TPKE, WATERTOWN, CT 06795
1129 CAMPBELL AVE, WEST HAVEN, CT 06516
513 SAWMILL ROAD, WEST HAVEN, CT 06516
22 ALBANY TPKE, WEST SIMSBURY, CT 06092
701 POST ROAD EAST, WESTPORT, CT 06880
1464 W MAIN, WILLIMANTIC, CT 06226
350 BLOOMFIELD AVE, WINDSOR, CT 06095
HARTFORD-BRADLEY AIRPORT - BDL, WINDSOR LOCKS, CT 06096
195 TURNPIKE RD, WINDSOR LOCKS, CT 06096
15 S MAIN ST RTE 44, WINSTED, CT 06098
Sherman And Chapel Hill Road, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA 0
750 17TH ST NW, WASHINGTON, DC 20006
5948 GEORGIA AVE NW, WASHINGTON, DC 20011
1619 17TH ST NW, WASHINGTON, DC 20009
1916 M ST NW, WASHINGTON, DC 20036
2529 GOOD HOPE RD SE, WASHINGTON, DC 20020
2228 NEW YORK AVE NE, WASHINGTON, DC 20002
424 RHODE ISLAND AVE NE, WASHINGTON, DC 20002
555 13TH ST NW, WASHINGTON, DC 20004
4301 NH BURRGHS AVE NE, WASHINGTON, DC 20019
400 C ST SW, WASHINGTON, DC 20024
2616 CONEECTICUT AVE NW, WASHINGTON, DC 20008
2328 GEORGIA AVE NW, WASHINGTON, DC 20001
50 MASSACHUSETTS AVE NE, WASHINGTON, DC 20002
4950 S DAKOTA NE, WASHINGTON, DC 20017
75 NEW YORK AVE NE, WASHINGTON, DC 20002
2481-83 18TH ST NW, WASHINGTON, DC 20009
7425 GEORGIA AVE NW, WASHINGTON, DC 20011
3901 MINNESOTA AVENUE NE, WASHINGTON, DC 20019
1901 9TH ST NE, WASHINGTON, DC 20018
1944 14TH ST NW, WASHINGTON, DC 20009
4130 WISCONSIN AVE NW, WASHINGTON, DC 20016
1235 NEW YORK AVE NW, WASHINGTON, DC 20005
1539 PENNSYLVANIA SE, WASHINGTON, DC 20003
1635 BENNING RD, WASHINGTON, DC 20002
1401 GOVERNERS PL, BEAR, DE 19701
1 ADDY RD, BETHANY BEACH, DE 19930
18733 SUSSEX HWY, BRIDGEVILLE, DE 19933
60 EAST STREET, CAMDEN, DE 19934
2702 PHILADELPHIA PIKE, CLAYMONT, DE 19703-2512
38667 SUSSEX HIGHWAY, DELMAR, DE 19940
915 SOUTH DUPONT HIGHWAY, DOVER, DE 19901-4419
879 N DUPONT HIGHWAY, DOVER, DE 19901-2000
1704 EAST LEBANON RD, DOVER, DE 19901-5845
1424 FORREST AVE, DOVER, DE 19901-3315
1788N DUPONT HIGHWAY, DOVER, DE 19901
20817 DUPONT BLVD, GEORGETOWN, DE 19947
2351 S COLLEGE AVE, GLASGOW, DE 19702
16758 S DUPONT HWY, HARRINGTON, DE 19952
580 MIDDLETOWN-WARWICK ROAD, MIDDLETOWN, DE 19709
653 NORTH DUPONT HIGHWAY, MILFORD, DE 19963-1001
24943 JOHN J WILLIAMS HWY, MILLSBORO, DE 19966
30255 COMMERCE DR, MILLSBORO, DE 19966
102 BROADKILL RD, MILTON, DE 19968
700 N DUPONT HIGHWAY, NEW CASTLE, DE 19720
101 SOUTH DUPONT HIGHWAY, NEW CASTLE, DE 19720
3010 NEW CASTLE AVE, NEW CASTLE, DE 19720
374 EAST MAIN STREET, NEWARK, DE 19711-7149
815 SOUTH COLLEGE AVENUE, NEWARK, DE 19713-4001

25

TELEPHONE
860-599-9903
860-564-7567
860-410-0703
860-621-2739
860-928-5008
203-637-8598
860-871-6118
860-563-1293
203-881-3647
860-282-0150
203-262-9820
860-724-4517
860-684-9697
203-357-8044
203-359-9238
203-378-8789
203-378-0351
860-584-1044
860-626-8008
860-482-2464
203-375-9154
860-404-0881
860-870-7980
203-269-2619
203-757-3524
203-757-3531
203-573-0880
203-805-4450
203-757-4955
860-444-2780
860-442-0203
860-274-0537
203-934-9206
203-891-6244
860-651-9589
203-454-1900
860-450-3772
860-285-8679
860-292-1580
860-623-4373
860-379-6904
703-273-9866
202-506-1110
202-506-3041
202-939-2780
202-296-1643
202-582-5220
202-526-2835
202-526-3138
202-638-5933
202-399-1396
202-484-0803
202-462-8773
202-387-2111
202-408-5014
202-529-5126
202-381-0900
202-332-1805
202-726-1218
202-388-2191
202-450-1132
202-733-1950
202-363-3955
202-506-3905
202-849-4440
202-507-8029
302-836-1308
302-537-1226
302-337-7882
302-603-3281
302-798-0198
302-846-0105
302-674-8080
302-674-8573
302-735-4537
302-674-2095
302-734-0950
302-856-6101
302-733-0818
302-398-0222
302-378-3936
302-725-5217
302-947-2602
302-934-7846
302-770-8087
302-328-8804
302-322-3798
302-656-9717
302-737-0502
302-738-7857

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
CHRISTIAN H RAWDEN
MICHAEL A MEOLI
MICHAEL A MEOLI
MICHAEL A MEOLI
MICHAEL A MEOLI
STEPHANIE A RAWDEN
CHRISTIAN H RAWDEN
MICHAEL DUKART
CHRISTIAN H RAWDEN
CHRISTIAN H RAWDEN
KENNETH YOUNGBLOOD
KENNETH YOUNGBLOOD
KENNETH YOUNGBLOOD
JUAN C PRADO
ANTHONY LOPEZ
ANTHONY LOPEZ
ANTHONY LOPEZ
AMANDA NISBET
SHAUN GUSKE
ROBERT J BATEMAN
STEVEN A NISBET, JR.
JUAN C PRADO
DAVID MICHAEL COSTA, JR.
BRENT UPCHURCH
BRENT UPCHURCH
RENE D VELIZ
RENE D VELIZ
RENE D VELIZ
CARLTON R WADE
CARLTON R WADE
RYAN M THORLEY
ANGEL VELIZ
ANGEL VELIZ
BRENT UPCHURCH
BRENT UPCHURCH
CARLTON R WADE
CARLTON R WADE
MICHELE K HEISNER
ANDREW T FENTON
ANDREW T FENTON
JAVIER ILLAS
MICHAEL G POTAPOW, JR.
JENNIE ILLAS RINCON
JENNIE ILLAS RINCON
JUAN C PRADO
RACHEL PRADO MILLAN
ADAM N FEY
SATURNINO RODRIGUEZ
JOSE A MONTES
JOSE A MONTES
JOSE A MONTES
ANGEL VELIZ
ANGEL VELIZ
MICHELE K HEISNER
MICHELE K HEISNER
MICHELE K HEISNER
STEFANIE M CABRERA-BENTANCOURT
FRANK F CHALFONT, JR.
MICHAEL R YONTZ
ANDREE KOCIAN
JACOB THORLEY
JAVIER ILLAS
JENNIE ILLAS RINCON
JUAN C PRADO
JUAN C PRADO
JUAN C PRADO
JUAN C PRADO, JR.
EST JEAN MAURI RINCON
EST JEAN MAURI RINCON
ARTURO S LOJO VILASOA
ARTURO S LOJO VILASOA
ARTURO S LOJO VILASOA
ANIA NITZSCHE
STEVEN A NISBET, JR.
SATURNINO RODRIGUEZ
SATURNINO RODRIGUEZ
SATURNINO RODRIGUEZ
SATURNINO RODRIGUEZ
ANGEL VELIZ
ANGEL VELIZ
RENE D VELIZ
JARED D LEHN
RENE D VELIZ
BRYAN ALEX RODRIGUEZ
ANGEL VELIZ
ANGEL VELIZ
ANGEL VELIZ
ANGEL VELIZ
RENE D VELIZ
JACOB THORLEY

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
4160 OGLETOWN STANTON ROAD, NEWARK, DE 19713
18878 COASTAL HWY, REHOBOTH BEACH, DE 19971
300 N DUAL HWY, SEAFORD, DE 19973
38215 DUPONT BLVD, SELBYVILLE, DE 19975
36218 LIGHTHOUSE RD, SELBYVILLE, DE 19975
333 N DUPONT HWY, SMYRNA, DE 19977
1790 W NEWPORT, STANTON, DE 19804
2507 CONCORD PIKE, WILMINGTON, DE 19803-5002
4625 KIRKWOOD HIGHWAY, WILMINGTON, DE 19808-5005
3318 KIRKWOOD HWY, WILMINGTON, DE 19808-6132
101 NEW RD, WILMINGTON, DE 19805-4117
4111 NORTH MARKET STREET, WILMINGTON, DE 19802-2221
700 WEST 4TH STREET, WILMINGTON, DE 19801-2004
16018 NW US HWY 441, ALACHUA, FL 32615
233 E MAIN ST, APOPKA, FL 32703
3141 E SEMORAN BLVD (FL-436), APOPKA, FL 32703
1681 ROCK SPRINGS RD, APOPKA, FL 32712
1203 OAK ST, ARCADIA, FL 34266
435 ATLANTIC BLVD, ATLANTIC BEACH, FL 32233
1470 N BROADWAY, BARTOW, FL 33830
833 S MAIN ST, BELLE GLADE, FL 33430
5515 SE ABSHIER BLVD, BELLEVIEW, FL 34420
20495 W CENTRAL AVE, BLOUNTSTOWN, FL 32424-2147
2140 N FEDERAL HWY, BOCA RATON, FL 33431
1776 N MILITARY TRAIL, BOCA RATON, FL 33486
20594 STATE RD 7, BOCA RATON, FL 33498
23073 SANDALFOOT PLAZA DR, BOCA RATON, FL 33428
7030 PALMETTO PARK RD, BOCA RATON, FL 33433
2911 CLINTMOORE RD, BOCA RATON, FL 33496
710 YAMATO ROAD, BOCA RATON, FL 33431
2010 S WAUKESHA ST, BONIFAY, FL 32425
28215 TAMIAMI TRL, BONITA SPRINGS, FL 34134
27996 OAKLAND DR, BONITA SPRINGS, FL 34135
1810 S FEDERAL HWY, BOYNTON BEACH, FL 33435
1799 N CONGRESS BLVD, BOYNTON BEACH, FL 33435
9858 MILITARY TRL, BOYNTON BEACH, FL 33436
9915 JOG RD, BOYNTON BEACH, FL 33437
1701 S CONGRESS AVE, BOYNTON BEACH, FL 33426
6708 MANATEE AVE W, BRADENTON, FL 34209
7300 CORTEZ RD, BRADENTON, FL 34210
14655 STATE ROAD 70 E, BRADENTON, FL 34202
102 SW US HWY 27, BRANFORD, FL 32008
845 S BROAD ST, BROOKSVILLE, FL 34601
13100 CORTEZ BLVD, BROOKSVILLE, FL 34613
31038 CORTEZ BLVD, BROOKSVILLE, FL 34602-7519
2195 W C 48, BUSHNELL, FL 33513
542361 US HIGHWAY 1, CALLAHAN, FL 32011
8780 ASTRONAUT BLVD, CAPE CANAVERAL, FL 32920
1222 CAPE CORAL PKY, CAPE CORAL, FL 33904
1604 W CAPE CORAL PKY, CAPE CORAL, FL 33914
3061 NE PINE ISLAND RD, CAPE CORAL, FL 33909
1715 DEL PRADO BLVD, CAPE CORAL, FL 33904
2925 SW PINE ISLAND RD, CAPE CORAL, FL 33991
8 NE PINE ISLAND RD, CAPE CORAL, FL 33909
2404 SANTA BARBARA BLVD, CAPE CORAL, FL 33914
2541 DEL PRADO N, CAPE CORAL, FL 33909
4686 NW 183RD ST, CAROL CITY, FL 33055
1241 SR 436 (WM #943), CASSELBERRY, FL 32707
1291 SR 436, CASSELBERRY, FL 32707
1415 N YOUNG BLVD, CHIEFLAND, FL 32626-1710
1291 MAIN ST, CHIPLEY, FL 32428
3470 ULMERTON RD, CLEARWATER, FL 33762
1500 S BELCHER RD, CLEARWATER, FL 33764
1860 GULF TO BAY BLVD, CLEARWATER, FL 33765
1934 N HERCULES AVE, CLEARWATER, FL 33763
2871 GULF TO BAY BLVD, CLEARWATER, FL 33759
2454 MCMULLEN BOOTH ROAD, CLEARWATER, FL 33759
539 S MISSOURI AVENUE, CLEARWATER, FL 33756
29978 US HWY 19 NORTH, CLEARWATER, FL 33761
799 E HIGHWAY 50, CLERMONT, FL 34711-3187
4307 S HIGHWAY 27, CLERMONT, FL 34711-5349
2640 E HIGHWAY 50, CLERMONT, FL 34711-6034
2252 US HWY 27, CLERMONT, FL 34714
905 W SUGARLAND HWY, CLEWISTON, FL 33440
927 DIXON BLVD, COCOA, FL 32922
4625 STATE RD 520, COCOA, FL 32926
2200 STATE ROAD 524, COCOA, FL 32926
3920 N ATLANTIC AVE, COCOA BEACH, FL 32931
6440 N STATE RD 7, COCONUT CREEK, FL 33073
4480 N SR 7, COCONUT CREEK, FL 33073
4200 W SAMPLE RD, COCONUT CREEK, FL 33073
5986 S FLAMINGO RD, COOPER CITY, FL 33328
10260 GRIFFIN RD, COOPER CITY, FL 33328
1148 DIXIE HWY, CORAL GABLES, FL 33141
9180 WILES RD, CORAL SPRINGS, FL 33076
630 UNIVERSITY DR, CORAL SPRINGS, FL 33071
11655 W SAMPLE RD, CORAL SPRINGS, FL 33065
5741 CORAL RIDGE DR, CORAL SPRINGS, FL 33065
7751 W SAMPLE RD, CORAL SPRINGS, FL 33065
2510 US HWY 231, COTTONDALE, FL 32431

26

TELEPHONE
302-737-4424
302-645-4885
302-629-3666
302-436-6036
302-988-1944
302-653-6330
302-994-0162
302-478-5685
302-999-8170
302-999-1442
302-656-2010
302-762-2747
302-655-8077
386-462-1187
407-886-0822
407-869-8076
407-880-4434
863-494-1312
904-246-9577
863-533-4003
561-996-7122
352-203-4109
850-674-2977
561-392-7776
561-391-5185
561-482-6110
561-483-9676
561-392-6768
561-994-3602
561-549-0174
850-547-3334
239-947-3300
239-498-8838
561-737-4848
561-369-1550
561-738-0961
561-732-7999
561-814-9604
941-794-6227
941-254-7108
941-251-3162
386-935-0655
352-796-3124
352-596-7042
352-754-1035
352-568-0005
904-879-2080
321-784-9944
239-549-2556
239-945-7377
239-997-4797
239-574-7574
239-282-9617
239-772-5888
239-573-0800
239-242-8498
305-621-2323
407-657-5913
407-679-0661
352-493-1700
850-638-4544
727-572-4556
727-530-1693
727-442-1286
727-449-0220
727-797-3959
727-754-2860
727-442-2887
727-772-2576
352-394-1923
352-243-3185
352-242-4731
407-552-7263
863-983-9521
321-632-7441
321-633-6065
321-639-0660
321-989-3450
954-429-3766
954-933-9525
954-968-3310
954-434-0615
954-434-6938
305-666-9919
954-341-4349
954-344-2622
954-346-0710
954-575-0048
954-752-6710
850-865-9918

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
RAPHAEL A VAZQUEZ
MICHAEL G POTAPOW, JR.
STEPHEN G MURPHY
STEPHEN G MURPHY
STEPHEN G MURPHY
LARRY D HARRISON
JAVIER ILLAS
BRADLEY D ASHLIN
ANTHONY LOPEZ
ANTHONY LOPEZ
BRADLEY D ASHLIN
JARED D LEHN
JARED D LEHN
ANGEL VELIZ
JOSEPH L COX, IV
JOSEPH L COX, IV
JOSEPH L COX, IV
JOSEPH L COX, IV
JAMES E MARCHANT
JAMES R UPCHURCH, JR.
ANGEL VELIZ
RENE D VELIZ
JACOB THORLEY
RYAN M THORLEY
JOSEPH L COX, IV
JOSEPH L COX, IV
RENE D VELIZ
CARLTON R WADE
CARLTON R WADE
JAMES E MARCHANT
JAMES E MARCHANT
JAMES E MARCHANT
CYNTHIA D SAMOUR
CYNTHIA D SAMOUR
KRISTINA LEN RAGATZ
JUAN C PRADO
JUAN C PRADO
JUAN C PRADO, JR.
MICHAEL G POTAPOW, JR.
BRENDA L SYMONS
ANDREW T FENTON
FRANK F CHALFONT, JR.
MICHAEL R YONTZ
THOMAS M LISANTE
JAMES E MARCHANT
CLINTON GULLEY
CLINTON GULLEY
BRADLEY D ASHLIN
BRADLEY D ASHLIN
BRADLEY D ASHLIN
BRADLEY D ASHLIN
BRENT UPCHURCH
BRENT UPCHURCH
BRENT UPCHURCH
JAMES R UPCHURCH, JR.
JAMES R UPCHURCH, JR.
JAMES R UPCHURCH, JR.
JAMES R UPCHURCH, JR.
JAMES R UPCHURCH, JR.
ANGEL VELIZ
ANGEL VELIZ
ANDREW T FENTON
ANDREW T FENTON
ANDREW T FENTON
ANDREW T FENTON
TIMOTHY J FENTON
TIMOTHY J FENTON
JOSE A MONTES
JOSE A MONTES
AMANDA NISBET
STEVEN A NISBET, JR.
BRUCE FREEMAN
MICHELE K HEISNER
MICHELE K HEISNER
MICHELE K HEISNER
BEHNAM ABRISHAMI
CARLTON R WADE
CYNTHIA D SAMOUR
JACOB THORLEY
ROBERT J BATEMAN
RODERICK L HAGAN
RODERICK L HAGAN
ANGEL VELIZ
BRUCE FREEMAN
CARLTON R WADE
CALVIN W PARIS
JACQUELYN PARIS
JACQUELYN PARIS
JACQUELYN PARIS
JACQUELYN PARIS

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
2605 CRAWFORDVILLE HWY, CRAWFORDVILLE, FL 32327-2168
896 N SUMMIT ST, CRESCENT CITY, FL 32112
302 W JAMES LEE BLVD W, CRESTVIEW, FL 32536-2636
3201 S FERDON BLVD, CRESTVIEW, FL 32536-9471
1300 N FERDON BLVD, CRESTVIEW, FL 32536
16228 SW HIGHWAY 19, CROSS CITY, FL 32628-5717
625 NE US HIGHWAY 19, CRYSTAL RIVER, FL 34429
1310 S FEDERAL HWY, DANIA, FL 33004
44400 US HWY 27N, DAVENPORT, FL 33897
49561 US HIGHWAY 27, DAVENPORT, FL 33897
6405 NOVA DR, DAVIE, FL 33317
11200 SR 84, DAVIE, FL 33325
13642 SR 84, DAVIE, FL 33325
4492 WESTON RD, DAVIE, FL 33331
3001 N ATLANTIC AVE, DAYTONA BEACH, FL 32118
2994 US HWY 92, DAYTONA BEACH, FL 32124
1121 BEVILLE RD, DAYTONA BEACH, FL 32119-1604
1376 W INTERNATIONAL SPEEDWAY BLVD, DAYTONA BEACH, FL 32114
2709 LPGA BLVD, DAYTONA BEACH, FL 32124
300 W HILLSBORO BLVD, DEERFIELD BEACH, FL 33441-0978
3901 W HILLSBORO BLVD, DEERFIELD BEACH, FL 33442
1205 S MILITARY TR, DEERFIELD BEACH, FL 33442
2370 US HWY 331 S, DEFUNIAK SPRINGS, FL 32435
17750 STATE HIGHWAY 285 S, DEFUNIAK SPRINGS, FL 32435
2697 US 17/92, DELAND, FL 32720
1075 WILLIAMSBURG PL, DELAND, FL 32720
1220 LINTON BLVD, DELRAY BEACH, FL 33445
14529 MILITARY TRL, DELRAY BEACH, FL 33445
7229 ATLANTIC AVENUE, DELRAY BEACH, FL 33446
131 HOWLAND BLVD, DELTONA, FL 32738
2900 HALIFAX CROSSING BOULEVARD, DELTONA, FL 32725
1241 E NORMANDY BLVD, DELTONA, FL 32725
12830 US HWY 98 W, DESTIN, FL 32550
895 HARBOR BLVD, DESTIN, FL 32541
28064 US HWY 27 S, DUNDEE, FL 33838
2618 BAYSHORE BLVD, DUNEDIN, FL 34698
1645 MAIN STREET, DUNEDIN, FL 34698
11232 N WILLIAMS ST, DUNNELLON, FL 34432
168 S US HIGHWAY 17, EAST PALATKA, FL 32131-4023
1250 S MCCALL RD, ENGLEWOOD, FL 34223
20310 GRAND OAKS SHOPPES BLVD, ESTERO, FL 33928
2800 S BAY ST, EUSTIS, FL 32726
1415 E STATE RD, FERN PARK, FL 32730
1896 S 8TH ST, FERNANDINA BEACH, FL 32034
6030 EAST HIGHWAY 100, FLAGLER BEACH, FL 32136
425 SE 1ST AVE, FLORIDA CITY, FL 33034-5009
33501 S DIXIE HWY (WM #2727), FLORIDA CITY, FL 33034
1630 S FEDERAL, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33316
1600 S STATE HWY SEVEN, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33317
1201 STATE HWY 84, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33315
300 E SUNRISE BLVD, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33304
2700 N FEDERAL HWY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33306
6360 NORTH FEDERAL HWY, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33308
4032 N OCEAN BLVD, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33308
1352 E COMMERCIAL, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33334
929 NW 62ND ST, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33309
950 W COMMERCIAL BLVD, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33309
2300 W SUNRISE BLVD, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33311
27 W BROWARD BLVD, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33301
1020 WESTON RD, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33326
15911 SHERIDAN ST, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33321
3645 CLEVELAND AVE, FORT MYERS, FL 33901
2955 COLONIAL BLVD, FORT MYERS, FL 33912
17800 BEN HILL GRIFFIN PKY, FORT MYERS, FL 33913
16940 VINTAGE COMMERCE BLVD, FORT MYERS, FL 33912
12290 S CLEVELND AVE, FORT MYERS, FL 33907
13600 INDIAN PAINT LN, FORT MYERS, FL 33912
13741 N CLEVELAND AVE, FORT MYERS, FL 33903
1530 COLONIAL BLVD, FORT MYERS, FL 33919
4280 PALM BEACH BLVD, FORT MYERS, FL 33905
8177 DANI DR, FORT MYERS, FL 33966
14551 FL-80, FORT MYERS, FL 33905
7105 CONSTITUTION BLVD, FORT MYERS, FL 33912
8961 COLLEGE PKY, FORT MYERS, FL 33919
18500 SUMMERLIN RD, FORT MYERS, FL 33908
4878 N KINGS HWY, FORT PIERCE, FL 34951
615 N FEDERAL HWY, FORT PIERCE, FL 34950
31 EGLIN PARKWAY NE, FORT WALTON BEACH, FL 32548
16392 US HIGHWAY 331 S, FREEPORT, FL 32439
705 N SCENIC HWY, FROSTPROOF, FL 33843
2700 DAVIE BLVD, FT LAUDERDALE, FL 33312
2410 W BROWARD BLVD, FT LAUDERDALE, FL 33312
14985 S TAMIAMI TR, FT MYERS, FL 33912
11041 COLONIAL BLVD, FT MYERS, FL 33905
2524 S 4TH ST, FT PIERCE, FL 34982-5917
9260 NW 39TH AVE, GAINESVILLE, FL 32606
2880 NW 13TH ST, GAINESVILLE, FL 32609
3826 SW 40TH BLVD, GAINESVILLE, FL 32608
6003 NEWBERRY RD, GAINESVILLE, FL 32605
1030 E UNIVERSITY AVE, GAINESVILLE, FL 32601

27

TELEPHONE
850-926-9270
386-219-4600
850-682-5654
850-682-9111
850-423-7755
352-498-4284
352-564-0533
954-920-5553
863-424-2269
352-705-3705
954-424-2408
954-475-1532
954-473-2422
954-385-3828
386-677-8186
386-258-7459
386-788-1902
386-257-2515
386-271-2800
954-481-9426
954-426-5502
954-421-1474
850-892-5226
850-892-2130
386-738-7595
386-738-5940
561-279-0498
561-495-6583
954-803-3646
407-302-0100
386-532-1480
386-610-2110
850-269-2081
850-837-2261
863-439-3390
727-733-7271
727-734-3166
352-489-4620
386-326-9818
941-474-9486
239-947-6511
352-357-5588
407-831-1636
904-261-7288
386-439-9070
305-248-9285
305-247-2979
954-527-1204
954-587-2182
954-527-1017
954-763-5543
954-564-2910
954-771-2230
954-563-6255
954-771-7171
954-491-6363
954-928-0910
954-316-0007
954-463-7393
954-384-1256
954-252-6018
239-208-2818
239-936-0400
239-337-9425
239-321-5107
239-936-5494
239-768-1030
239-997-1367
239-936-1424
239-226-2351
239-931-0277
239-694-0949
239-267-7070
239-482-2930
239-267-7887
772-595-9044
772-466-8481
850-243-8813
850-880-6261
863-635-7704
954-791-2830
954-583-2631
239-437-4668
239-561-0170
772-465-1410
352-374-7736
352-377-7170
352-373-3826
352-331-0864
352-376-0830

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
JACQUELYN PARIS
JACQUELYN PARIS
JACQUELYN PARIS
JUAN C PRADO, JR.
JUAN C PRADO, JR.
NICHOLAS CESAR RODRIGUEZ
CYNTHIA D SAMOUR
WILLIAM J GARCIA
BRENT UPCHURCH
CARLTON R WADE
ARTURO S LOJO VILASOA
SUSAN K O'CONNOR
SUSAN K O'CONNOR
ANTHONY LOPEZ
ANTHONY LOPEZ
BRADLEY D ASHLIN
BRADLEY D ASHLIN
MICHAEL G POTAPOW, JR.
JOSE A MONTES
MELISSA M MONTES
MELISSA M MONTES
MILAGROS MONTES
ALEX C RODRIGUEZ
ALEX C RODRIGUEZ
ROSELINA M RODRIGUEZ
ANTHONY A GREENWOOD
CARLTON R WADE
ANTONIO J BARQUIN
JOSEPH L COX, IV
BRADLEY D ASHLIN
BRADLEY D ASHLIN
ANTHONY E CABRERA
ANTHONY E CABRERA
STEFANIE M CABRERA-BENTANCOURT
JOSE A MONTES
ANGEL VELIZ
CLINTON GULLEY
CLINTON GULLEY, II
CLINTON GULLEY, II
JAVIER ILLAS
JAVIER ILLAS
JOSE R HERNANDEZ
JAVIER ILLAS
BRYAN ALEX RODRIGUEZ
STEVEN A NISBET, JR.
MICHAEL G POTAPOW, JR.
JENNIE ILLAS RINCON
JENNIE ILLAS RINCON
RYAN ALLMAN
RYAN ALLMAN
RYAN ALLMAN
RYAN ALLMAN
RYAN ALLMAN
RYAN ALLMAN
RYAN ALLMAN
RYAN ALLMAN
WILLIAM J GARCIA
WILLIAM J GARCIA
WILLIAM J GARCIA
WILLIAM J GARCIA
WILLIAM J GARCIA
WILLIAM J GARCIA
WILLIAM J GARCIA
EDGARD GERENA
EDGARD GERENA
EDGARD GERENA
EDGARD GERENA
EDGARD GERENA
EDGARD GERENA
EDGARD GERENA
EDGARD GERENA
EDGARD GERENA
ADAM GUSKE
ADAM GUSKE
SHAUN GUSKE
SHAUN GUSKE
LARRY D HARRISON
THOMAS M LISANTE
THOMAS M LISANTE
DAVID L MULLINS, JR.
DAVID L MULLINS, JR.
DAVID L MULLINS, JR.
DAVID L MULLINS, JR.
DAVID L MULLINS, JR.
DAVID L MULLINS, JR.
DAVID L MULLINS, JR.
DAVID L MULLINS, JR.
DAVID L MULLINS, JR.
MICHAEL G POTAPOW, JR.
MICHAEL G POTAPOW, JR.

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
5110 NW 43RD ST, GAINESVILLE, FL 32606
3418 SW WILLISTON RD, GAINESVILLE, FL 32608
1206 W UNIVERSITY AVE, GAINESVILLE, FL 32601
9205 GIBSONTON DR (WM #5300), GIBSONTON, FL 33534
7032 BIG BEND ROAD, GIBSONTON, FL 33534
12055 COLLIER BLVD, GOLDEN GATE, FL 34116
1610 HIGHWAY 29S, GONZALEZ, FL 32533
2825 HENLEY RD, GREEN COVE SPRINGS, FL 32043
1165 N ORANGE AVE, GREEN COVE SPRINGS, FL 32043
6000 LAKE WORTH RD, GREENACRES, FL 33463
460 W BROAD ST, GROVELAND, FL 34736
201 GULF BREEZE PKY, GULF BREEZE, FL 32561-4465
3308 GULF BREEZE PARKWAY, GULF BREEZE, FL 32563-3352
317 HINSON AVE, HAINES CITY, FL 33844
36204 US HWY 27 N, HAINES CITY, FL 33844
111 N FEDERAL HWY, HALLANDALE, FL 33009
835 W HALLANDALE BEACH BLVD, HALLANDALE, FL 33009
5605 SE US HWY 301, HAWTHORNE, FL 32640
4185 W 16TH AVE, HIALEAH, FL 33012
4300 E 4TH AVE, HIALEAH, FL 33012
1675 W 49TH ST (WESTLAND MALL), HIALEAH, FL 33012
3350 W 18TH AVE, HIALEAH, FL 33012
460 HIALEAH DRIVE, HIALEAH, FL 33012
1021 E 10TH AVE, HIALEAH, FL 33010
17850 NW 57TH AVENUE, HIALEAH, FL 33015
8505 NW 186TH ST, HIALEAH, FL 33015
11671 SE FEDERAL HWY, HOBE SOUND, FL 33455
2909 US HWY 19 N, HOLIDAY, FL 34691
151 RIDGEWOOD AVE, HOLLY HILL, FL 32117
2690 STIRLING RD, HOLLYWOOD, FL 33024
5530 S SR 7, HOLLYWOOD, FL 33314
3247 HOLLYWOOD BLVD, HOLLYWOOD, FL 33021
2851 SHERIDAN ST, HOLLYWOOD, FL 33020
4295 N DAVIE ROAD EXT, HOLLYWOOD, FL 33024
5835 HOLLYWOOD BLVD, HOLLYWOOD, FL 33021
1900 N STATE ROAD 7, HOLLYWOOD, FL 33021
30335 S FEDERAL HWY, HOMESTEAD, FL 33030
2880 NE 8TH ST, HOMESTEAD, FL 33033
13690 BISCAYNE DR, HOMESTEAD, FL 33033
3740 S SUNCOAST BLVD, HOMOSASSA, FL 34448
9566 S SUNCOAST BLVD, HOMOSASSA, FL 34446
9441 ST RD 52, HUDSON, FL 34669
10319 COUNTY LINE ROAD, HUDSON, FL 34609
420 N 15TH ST, IMMOKALEE, FL 34142
15438 SW WARFIELD BLVD, INDIANTOWN, FL 34956
1154 HIGHWAY 20, INTERLACHEN, FL 32148-8516
240 US HWY 41 S, INVERNESS, FL 34450
2801 EAST GULF TO LAKE HWY, INVERNESS, FL 34453
909 DUNN AVE, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32218
1001 N UNIVERSITY BLVD, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32211
11130 LEM TURNER RD, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32218
8590 BAYMEADOWS RD, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32256
13217 ATLANTIC BLVD, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32225
14030 HUBBLE RD, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32218
5320 NORWOOD AVE, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32208
253 STATE ST E, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32202
7245 MERRILL RD, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32277
11682 SAN JOSE BLVD, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32223
2707 MONUMENT RD, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32225
8570 ARGYLE FOREST BLVD, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32244
6030 FORT CAROLINE RD, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32277
9571 ARGYLE FOREST BLVD, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32222
10135 SAN JOSE BLVD, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32257
5451 ROOSEVELT BLVD, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32210
5911 US HIGHWAY 1 NORTH, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32209
1768 DAVIS ST, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32209
AJAX & SARATOGA (NAVAL AIR STATION), JACKSONVILLE, FL 32212
3143 EMERSON ST, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32221
3552 BLANDING BLVD, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32210
454 CASSAT AVE, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32254
6767 103RD STREET (WM #1090), JACKSONVILLE, FL 32210
5689 BEACH BLVD, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32207
6546 NORMANDY BLVD, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32205
11310 BEACH BLVD, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32246
14200 BEACH BLVD, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32250
8029 NORMANDY BLVD, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32221
7784 BLANDING BLVD, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32244
12311 N MAIN STREET, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32218
12565 YELLOW BLUFF RD, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32226
9841 ATLANTIC BLVD, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32225
10420 S PHILLIPS HWY, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32217
11230 OLD ST AUGUSTINE RD, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32257
3750 W UNIVERSITY, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32217
4291 SOUTHSIDE BLVD, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32246
7116 BONNEVAL RD, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32256
11900 ATLANTIC BLVD (WM #5054), JACKSONVILLE, FL 32207
13939 OLD ST AUGUSTINE RD, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32258
11320 BAYMEADOWS RD E, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32256
1077 S US 301 HWY, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32234
7359 103RD ST, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32221

28

TELEPHONE
352-376-1965
352-373-8783
352-376-3040
813-671-2559
813-443-1840
239-455-4544
850-937-6771
904-406-0258
904-284-9960
561-439-1574
352-429-9442
850-932-5039
850-934-1550
863-422-6569
863-421-8445
954-456-0451
954-457-7415
352-481-8010
305-826-3666
305-823-2559
305-828-5866
305-825-0104
305-884-8700
305-888-5491
305-821-7727
305-829-5113
772-546-2082
727-934-7035
386-255-5527
954-920-4446
954-791-3852
954-981-8884
954-925-9397
954-432-3134
954-981-4121
954-981-7288
305-247-6484
305-242-9774
305-247-2704
352-621-1660
352-419-4790
727-863-2248
352-293-3136
239-657-5255
772-597-0073
386-684-1551
352-344-1465
352-344-4080
904-760-7004
904-744-4527
904-222-0679
904-739-3424
904-220-5412
904-696-1295
904-768-4000
904-356-0337
904-744-8351
904-760-7152
904-646-4319
904-777-3090
904-744-2944
904-779-6780
904-503-0373
904-389-8712
904-765-4016
904-356-1981
904-777-0127
904-396-4477
904-771-0130
904-781-1197
904-854-4580
904-398-0405
904-760-7465
904-760-7319
904-223-3349
904-786-9882
904-573-1305
904-423-0577
904-300-3394
904-724-0177
904-268-4047
904-292-4884
904-737-8821
904-645-9200
904-296-0244
904-646-0704
904-268-6996
904-519-8046
904-266-4808
904-760-7110

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
MICHAEL G POTAPOW, JR.
MICHAEL G POTAPOW, JR.
BRENT UPCHURCH
BRENT UPCHURCH
ADAM GUSKE
SHAUN GUSKE
CARLTON R WADE
CARLTON R WADE
ANTHONY LOPEZ
BRADLEY D ASHLIN
MICHAEL G POTAPOW, JR.
ANIA NITZSCHE
ANIA NITZSCHE
ANIA NITZSCHE
ANIA NITZSCHE
ANIA NITZSCHE
STEVEN NISBET
KEVIN POTAPOW
MICHAEL G POTAPOW, JR.
CLINTON GULLEY, II
CLINTON GULLEY, II
STEVEN A NISBET, JR.
ROBERT J BATEMAN
ROBERT J BATEMAN
ROBERT J BATEMAN
RENE D VELIZ
CARLTON R WADE
CARLTON R WADE
MICHELE K HEISNER
JUAN C PRADO
JUAN C PRADO
JUAN C PRADO
JUAN C PRADO
JUAN C PRADO
JUAN C PRADO
JUAN C PRADO
LANNY G SUMPTER
LANNY G SUMPTER
LANNY G SUMPTER
LANNY G SUMPTER
LANNY G SUMPTER
LANNY G SUMPTER
RAPHAEL A VAZQUEZ
JOSE R HERNANDEZ
GABRIELLA HERNANDEZ
RENE D VELIZ
ALEXIS J BARQUIN
RACHEL PRADO MILLAN
JUAN C PRADO, JR.
JUAN C PRADO, JR.
MARK SALEBRA
MARK SALEBRA
MARK SALEBRA
BRENT UPCHURCH
RODERICK L HAGAN
BRENT UPCHURCH
JAVIER ILLAS
FRANK F CHALFONT, JR.
FRANK F CHALFONT, JR.
FRANK F CHALFONT, JR.
ANGEL VELIZ
RENE D VELIZ
RACHEL PRADO MILLAN
CLINTON GULLEY, II
ANTHONY LOPEZ
FRANK F CHALFONT, JR.
JESSIKA HERNANDEZ
JAMES E MARCHANT
MICHELE K HEISNER
GABRIELLA HERNANDEZ
JAVIER ILLAS
RACHEL PRADO MILLAN
DAVID M COSTA, SR
CLINTON GULLEY, II
DAVID MICHAEL COSTA, JR.
DAVID MICHAEL COSTA, JR.
MICHAEL R YONTZ
BRADLEY D ASHLIN
ANGEL VELIZ
JAMES R UPCHURCH, JR.
DAVID MICHAEL COSTA, JR.
DAVID MICHAEL COSTA, JR.
CYNTHIA D SAMOUR
CYNTHIA D SAMOUR
SAMUEL R HOUSTON
SAMUEL R HOUSTON
SAMUEL R HOUSTON
JESUS RODRIGUEZ
MICHELLE RODRIGUEZ
SATURNINO RODRIGUEZ

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
705 CHAFFEE RD S, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32221-1105
11371 NORMANDY BLVD, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32221
1625 COUNTY RD 210 W, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32259
4587 TOWN CENTER PARKWAY, JACKSONVILLE, FL 32246
317 MARSH LANDING PKWY, JACKSONVILLE BEACH, FL 32250
51 S 3RD ST, JACKSONVILLE BEACH, FL 32250
181 N US 1, JUPITER, FL 33458
10030 INDIAN TOWN RD, JUPITER, FL 33468
101000 OVERSEAS HWY, KEY LARGO, FL 33037
3704 N ROOSEVELT BLVD, KEY WEST, FL 33040
7370 SR 100, KEYSTONE HEIGHT, FL 32656
2110 E IRLO BRONSON MEMORIAL HWY, KISSIMMEE, FL 34744
3191 S JOHN YOUNG PARKWAY, KISSIMMEE, FL 34746
3845 PLEASANT HILL RD, KISSIMMEE, FL 34746
1720 CELEBRATION BOULEVARD, KISSIMMEE, FL 34747
385 CYPRESS PARKWAY, KISSIMMEE, FL 34759
21 WEST HICKPOCHEE AVENUE, LA BELLE, FL 33935
452 N US HWY 27, LADY LAKE, FL 32159
615 W MAIN ST, LAKE BUTLER, FL 32054
3133 W US HIGHWAY 90, LAKE CITY, FL 32055-4731
491 SW MAIN BLVD, LAKE CITY, FL 32025-5207
321 US HWY 27 S, LAKE PLACID, FL 33852
416 W CENTRAL AVE, LAKE WALES, FL 33853
2500 RIDGE WAY, LAKE WALES, FL 33859-7802
1978 STATE ROUTE 60, LAKE WALES, FL 33853
3671 S CONGRESS, LAKE WORTH, FL 33460
6342 LANTANA RD, LAKE WORTH, FL 33463
7793 LAKE WORTH RD, LAKE WORTH, FL 33467
2501 N DIXIE HWY, LAKE WORTH, FL 33460
2835 S FLORIDA AVE, LAKELAND, FL 33803
1715 BARTOW ROAD, LAKELAND, FL 33801
4721 S FLORIDA AVE, LAKELAND, FL 33813
2606 HWY 92 E, LAKELAND, FL 33801
4220 CLUBHOUSE RD, LAKELAND, FL 33812
2210 HWY 540A, LAKELAND, FL 33813
1805 SHEPHERD RD, LAKELAND, FL 33811
715 EAST MEMORIAL BLVD, LAKELAND, FL 33801
1211 ARIANA ST, LAKELAND, FL 33803
2815 N US HWY 98, LAKELAND, FL 33805
5325 FRONTAGE RD S, LAKELAND, FL 33815-0902
5525 WALT LOOP RD, LAKELAND, FL 33809-8213
3150 KATHLEEN RD, LAKELAND, FL 33810
5185 S JEFFERSON, LAMONT, FL 32344
2420 LAND OLAKES BLVD, LAND O' LAKES, FL 34639
8000 LAND O'LAKE BOULEVARD, LAND O'LAKES, FL 34638
1450 W LANTANA RD, LANTANA, FL 33462
7901 ULMERTON RD, LARGO, FL 33771
13875 WALSINGHAM RD, LARGO, FL 33774
1590 MISSOURI AVE, LARGO, FL 33770
12976 SEMINOLE BLVD, LARGO, FL 33778
2300 E BAY DR, LARGO, FL 33771
1250 W BAY DR, LARGO, FL 33770
2675 ROOSEVELT BLVD, LARGO, FL 33760
4398 NORTH STATE ROAD 7, LAUDERDALE LAKES, FL 33309
1140 40TH AVE, LAUDERHILL, FL 33313
5510 W OAKLAND PARK BLVD, LAUDERHILL, FL 33313
1988 N LECANTO HWY, LECANTO, FL 34461
1012 N 14TH ST, LEESBURG, FL 34748
10420 US HWY 441 S, LEESBURG, FL 34788
27422 US HWY 27, LEESBURG, FL 34748
1245 HOME STEAD ROAD NORTH, LEHIGH ACRES, FL 33936
4830 N FEDERAL HWY, LIGHTHOUSE POINT, FL 33064
16701 FISHHAWK BLVD, LITHIA, FL 33547
6653 US HIGHWAY 129 N, LIVE OAK, FL 32060-8459
6820 N ORANGE BLOSSOM TRAIL, LOCKHART, FL 32810
900 W STATE ROUTE 434, LONGWOOD, FL 32750-5193
290 N HWY 17 AND 92, LONGWOOD, FL 32750
3835 WEKIVA SPRINGS RD, LONGWOOD, FL 32779
15880 ORANGE BLVD, LOXAHATCHEE, FL 33470
106 CRYSTAL GROVE BLVD, LUTZ, FL 33549
17757 N DALE MABRY, LUTZ, FL 33548
2609 CREEK GRASS WAY, LUTZ, FL 33559
1710 S HWY 77, LYNN HAVEN, FL 32444
1381 S 6TH ST, MACCLENNY, FL 32063-4622
466 E BASE ST, MADISON, FL 32340-2768
6375 FL-53, MADISON, FL 32340
228 ORLANDO AVENUE SO, MAITLAND, FL 32751
5595 OVERSEAS HWY, MARATHON, FL 33050
899 N COLLIER BLVD, MARCO ISLAND, FL 34145
5367 W ATLANTIC BLVD, MARGATE, FL 33063
4194 W LAFAYETTE ST, MARIANNA, FL 32446-8237
2090 HIGHWAY 71, MARIANNA, FL 32448-5357
440 MARY ESTHER, MARY ESTHER, FL 32569-0579
2199 W HWY 98, MARY ESTHER, FL 32569
25 W HIBISCUS BLVD, MELBOURNE, FL 32901
1200 SARNO RD, MELBOURNE, FL 32935
235 PALM BAY RD W, MELBOURNE, FL 32904
1005 EAU GALLIE CSWY, MELBOURNE, FL 32937
8280 WICKHAM RD, MELBOURNE, FL 32940
1980 WICKHAM RD, MELBOURNE, FL 32925

29

TELEPHONE
904-685-4223
904-431-3881
904-827-1400
904-996-1420
904-273-5120
904-249-4766
561-746-2529
561-743-8434
305-451-5861
305-293-7606
352-473-2288
407-933-8007
407-933-4388
321-697-5680
321-939-4152
407-343-5877
863-675-0499
352-674-1100
386-496-3628
386-755-4915
386-754-9021
863-465-7177
863-676-3234
863-676-4742
863-676-8110
561-968-8484
561-641-6717
561-721-1565
561-582-1174
863-682-1688
863-688-9200
863-606-6478
863-665-1464
863-646-4685
863-644-7900
863-646-4060
863-688-6265
863-687-9631
863-686-3917
863-603-0230
863-280-0923
863-937-3425
850-997-4979
813-949-7234
813-235-6310
561-582-5495
727-531-4841
727-216-6917
727-286-7129
727-474-6988
727-584-5985
727-581-9626
727-532-9994
954-739-8040
954-583-5226
954-777-3445
352-527-1990
352-787-8991
352-343-4121
352-365-6595
239-369-4393
954-427-8141
813-324-8205
386-362-6767
407-291-7352
407-261-0195
407-834-3770
407-865-7110
561-791-8591
813-948-8610
813-968-6585
813-909-9339
850-265-8331
904-259-6231
850-973-2963
850-973-2343
407-599-2944
305-743-0707
239-642-8899
954-972-6530
850-526-3744
850-482-5622
850-244-2224
850-581-0176
321-727-1403
321-254-4267
321-956-0577
321-777-7501
321-242-7298
321-242-6768

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
SATURNINO RODRIGUEZ
JESUS RODRIGUEZ
BRADLEY D ASHLIN
ANTHONY E CABRERA
ANTHONY E CABRERA
ANTHONY E CABRERA
ANTHONY E CABRERA
ANTHONY E CABRERA
STEFANIE M CABRERA-BENTANCOURT
STEFANIE M CABRERA-BENTANCOURT
STEFANIE M CABRERA-BENTANCOURT
CLINTON GULLEY, II
ANTHONY LOPEZ
LEONARDO LOPEZ, JR.
LEONARDO LOPEZ, JR.
LEONARDO LOPEZ, JR.
LEONARDO LOPEZ, JR.
LEONARDO LOPEZ, JR.
LEONARDO LOPEZ, JR.
LEONARDO LOPEZ, JR.
LEONARDO LOPEZ, JR.
ALEXANDER MENENDEZ
ALEXANDER MENENDEZ
ALEXANDER MENENDEZ
ALEXANDER MENENDEZ
PEDRO MENENDEZ
PEDRO MENENDEZ
PEDRO MENENDEZ
PETER JOHN MENENDEZ
PETER JOHN MENENDEZ
PETER JOHN MENENDEZ
GINA MENENDEZ LACAYO
GINA MENENDEZ LACAYO
GINA MENENDEZ LACAYO
GINA MENENDEZ LACAYO
JOSE A MONTES
JOSE A MONTES
KRISTINA MONTES
ALEX C RODRIGUEZ
ALEX C RODRIGUEZ
ALEX C RODRIGUEZ
ALEX C RODRIGUEZ
ALEX C RODRIGUEZ
BRYAN ALEX RODRIGUEZ
NICHOLAS CESAR RODRIGUEZ
ROSELINA M RODRIGUEZ
YELANY M RODRIGUEZ
YELANY M RODRIGUEZ
YELANY M RODRIGUEZ
ANTHONY A GREENWOOD
ANTHONY A GREENWOOD
ANTHONY ALBERT GREENWOOD
STEFANIE M CABRERA-BENTANCOURT
STEFANIE M CABRERA-BENTANCOURT
KRISTINA MONTES
PETER JOHN MENENDEZ
WILLIAM J GARCIA
WILLIAM J GARCIA
WILLIAM J GARCIA
MARC A O'FERRALL
MARC A O'FERRALL
SATURNINO RODRIGUEZ
WILLIAM ALAN RHINE
WILLIAM ALAN RHINE
BRENT UPCHURCH
ANGEL VELIZ
ANGEL VELIZ
JAMES E MARCHANT
ROBERT J BATEMAN
JUAN C PRADO
ALEX C RODRIGUEZ
BRYAN ALEX RODRIGUEZ
BRYAN ALEX RODRIGUEZ
NICHOLAS CESAR RODRIGUEZ
ANGEL VELIZ
ANGEL VELIZ
ANGEL VELIZ
ANGEL VELIZ
ANGEL VELIZ
ANGEL VELIZ
CLINTON GULLEY
DAVID M COSTA, SR
JOSE R HERNANDEZ
JOSE R HERNANDEZ
JOSE R HERNANDEZ
JAVIER ILLAS
ALEXANDRA H TORRES
JAMES E MARCHANT
JAMES E MARCHANT
JAMES E MARCHANT

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
6420 N WICKHAM RD, MELBOURNE, FL 32940
1000 N COURTENAY BLVD, MERRITT ISLAND, FL 32953
15096 NW 7TH, MIAMI, FL 33168
18350 NE 18TH RD, MIAMI, FL 33179
9250 NW 7TH AVE, MIAMI, FL 33150
3501 BISCAYNE BLVD, MIAMI, FL 33181
8116 BISCAYNE BLVD, MIAMI, FL 33138
610 NE 125TH ST, MIAMI, FL 33181
10775 NW 27TH AVE, MIAMI, FL 33167
20101 NW 2ND AVE, MIAMI, FL 33169
8050 NW 27TH AVE, MIAMI, FL 33147
20315 OLD CUTLER ROAD, MIAMI, FL 33189
11115 SW 132 AVENUE, MIAMI, FL 33186
9681 SW 72ND ST, MIAMI, FL 33173
13101 N KENDALL DRIVE, MIAMI, FL 33186
11500 SW 88TH ST, MIAMI, FL 33156
2940 SW 8TH ST, MIAMI, FL 33135
15295 SW 104TH ST, MIAMI, FL 33196
13708 SW 152ND ST, MIAMI, FL 33177
15715 SW 88TH ST, MIAMI, FL 33193
18340 SW 137TH AVE, MIAMI, FL 33177
5700 NW 79TH AVE, MIAMI, FL 33166
5650 NW 7TH STREET, MIAMI, FL 33126
9501 NW 41ST ST, MIAMI, FL 33178
11390 NW 41ST STREET, MIAMI, FL 33172
13702 SW 56TH ST, MIAMI, FL 33175
11301 SW 40TH ST, MIAMI, FL 33165
7570 NW 104 AVE, MIAMI, FL 33186
7405 NW 36TH ST, MIAMI, FL 33166
8403 NW 12TH ST, MIAMI, FL 33172
14699 SW 42TH ST, MIAMI, FL 33175
7901 BIRD RD, MIAMI, FL 33155
9341 SW 56TH ST, MIAMI, FL 33165
2405 NW 87TH AVENUE, MIAMI, FL 33126
5700 SW 157TH AVENUE, MIAMI, FL 33193-3668
3280 CORAL WAY, MIAMI, FL 33145
1400 SW 8TH ST, MIAMI, FL 33135
14401 S DIXIE HWY, MIAMI, FL 33176
9850 SW 8TH ST, MIAMI, FL 33174
11990 SW 8TH STREET, MIAMI, FL 33184
2300 SW 87 AVE, MIAMI, FL 33165-2011
12185 SW 26TH ST, MIAMI, FL 33175
14670 SW 8TH ST, MIAMI, FL 33184
345 NE 2ND AVE, MIAMI, FL 33132
7281 SW 8TH STREET, MIAMI, FL 33144-4653
1930 OPA LOCKA BLVD, MIAMI, FL 33167
4180 SW 9TH ST, MIAMI, FL 33134
299 SW 8TH STREET, MIAMI, FL 33130
7993 WEST FLAGLER STREET, MIAMI, FL 33144-2201
2200 NW 36TH ST, MIAMI, FL 33142
599 NW 62ND ST, MIAMI, FL 33150
12198 SW 117TH AVE, MIAMI, FL 33186
1650 WASHINGTON AVE, MIAMI BEACH, FL 33139
1601 ALTON RD, MIAMI BEACH, FL 33139-2420
7435 MIAMI LAKES DR W, MIAMI LAKES, FL 33014
4999 NW 36TH ST, MIAMI SPRINGS, FL 33166
2485 BLANDING BLVD, MIDDLEBURG, FL 32068
561 PLANTATION DR, MIDDLEBURG, FL 32068
821 CANAVERAL TRC, MIDDLEBURG, FL 32068
6485 CAROLINE ST, MILTON, FL 32570
2807 AVALON BLVD, MILTON, FL 32583
4305 WEST MAIN STREET, MIMS, FL 32754
901 N US HWY 27, MINNEOLA, FL 34715
1693 NORTH HANCOCK ROAD, MINNEOLA, FL 34715
2351 PALM AVE, MIRAMAR, FL 33025
14301 MIRAMAR PKWY, MIRAMAR, FL 33027
17001 MIRAMAR PARKWAY, MIRAMAR, FL 33027
6601 N ORANGE BLOSSOM TR, MOUNT DORA, FL 32757
205 CANAL ST E, MULBERRY, FL 33860
6900 N CHURCH AVE (WM #5035), MULBERRY, FL 33860
13811 IMMOKALEE RD, NAPLES, FL 34120
6065 PINE RIDGE RD, NAPLES, FL 34119
5616 TAVILLA CIRCLE, NAPLES, FL 34110
15291 COLLIER BLVD, NAPLES, FL 34119
2886 E TAMIAMI TRL, NAPLES, FL 34112
4245 N TAMIAMI TRL, NAPLES, FL 34103-3104
8875 DAVIS BLVD, NAPLES, FL 34104
5465 N AIRPORT RD, NAPLES, FL 34109
11141 N TAMIAMI TRAIL, NAPLES, FL 34110
12615 TAMIAMI TRAIL EAST, NAPLES, FL 33962
26601 US HWY 1, NARANJA, FL 33032
8644 NAVARRE PKY, NAVARRE, FL 32566-2163
7226 STATE ROAD 54, NEW PORT RICHEY, FL 34653
9121 LITTLE ROAD, NEW PORT RICHEY, FL 34654
11367 RIDGE RD, NEW PORT RICHEY, FL 34654
5309 US HWY 19S, NEW PORT RICHEY, FL 34652
8937 RANCHO DEL RIO DRIVE, NEW PORT RICHEY, FL 34655
1842 SR 44, NEW SMYRNA BCH, FL 32168-8343
1704 S DIXIE FWY, NEW SMYRNA BEACH, FL 32168
3181 SR 44, NEW SMYRNA BEACH, FL 32168

30

TELEPHONE
321-242-5758
321-452-1853
305-681-3452
305-940-0454
305-759-1042
305-573-6064
305-756-0400
305-899-2882
305-681-5444
305-652-5933
305-836-4792
305-235-5600
305-387-7007
305-598-4933
305-386-3998
305-595-2347
305-541-4768
305-388-0560
305-232-2860
305-387-4249
305-235-5573
305-599-2660
305-262-3961
305-594-7530
305-471-6809
305-387-1356
305-223-0179
786-725-5752
305-593-0376
305-477-3163
305-226-2422
305-264-1244
305-270-1943
305-468-1822
305-383-1447
305-444-5466
305-285-0974
305-238-2615
305-223-8687
305-221-8542
305-220-0024
305-229-2005
305-228-4343
305-371-8161
305-261-3441
305-685-8855
305-443-9366
305-856-6770
305-265-0177
305-633-1385
305-751-5636
786-562-8426
305-672-8031
305-672-7055
305-824-0800
305-885-7698
904-282-9303
904-276-3948
904-406-0377
850-623-5801
850-994-7060
321-264-9004
352-241-6795
352-432-5313
954-442-6033
954-447-6337
954-499-8679
352-735-1794
863-425-2660
863-701-9887
305-509-5793
239-352-2009
239-593-6055
239-304-1530
239-774-3931
239-262-2243
239-455-7745
239-566-2004
239-597-3489
239-732-0117
305-258-0341
850-939-8711
727-376-1366
727-862-7482
727-856-3029
727-847-2470
727-375-2220
386-423-3444
386-428-5115
386-427-2753

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
CALVIN W PARIS
TIMOTHY HUGHES
TIMOTHY HUGHES
JOSEPH L COX, IV
MICHELE K HEISNER
BRENT UPCHURCH
JAMES R UPCHURCH, JR.
ANTHONY E CABRERA
STEFANIE M CABRERA-BENTANCOURT
ANTHONY A GREENWOOD
ANTHONY E CABRERA
CARLTON R WADE
TIMOTHY J FENTON
TIMOTHY J FENTON
RODERICK L HAGAN
BRENT UPCHURCH
ANDREE KOCIAN
ANDREE KOCIAN
ANDREE KOCIAN
ANDREE KOCIAN
ANDREE KOCIAN
ANDREE KOCIAN
ANDREE KOCIAN
JUAN C PRADO
JUAN C PRADO
JUAN C PRADO, JR.
EST JEAN MAURI RINCON
EST JEAN MAURI RINCON
JOSEPH A RODRIGUEZ
ANTHONY LOPEZ
ANIA NITZSCHE
ANIA NITZSCHE
JENNIE ILLAS RINCON
ALEXANDRA H TORRES
AMANDA NISBET
EDGARD GERENA
LARRY D HARRISON
KAREN L KING
KAREN L KING
ERIC HA
ERIC HA
ERIC HA
JOSEPH A RODRIGUEZ
JOSEPH A RODRIGUEZ
JOSEPH A RODRIGUEZ
JOSEPH A RODRIGUEZ
FRANK F CHALFONT, JR.
JOSEPH L COX, IV
JOSEPH L COX, IV
JOSEPH L COX, IV
JAMES M GILCHRIST
JAMES M GILCHRIST
JAMES M GILCHRIST
JAMES M GILCHRIST
JAMES M GILCHRIST
ANTHONY LOPEZ
ANTHONY LOPEZ
ANTHONY LOPEZ
GREGG OERTHER
GREGG OERTHER
GREGG OERTHER
GREGG OERTHER
GREGG OERTHER
GREGG OERTHER
LUIS VELEZ ESTATE
LUIS VELEZ ESTATE
MARIMAR VELEZ
MARIMAR VELEZ
MARIMAR VELEZ
MARIMAR VELEZ
LUIS VELEZ ESTATE
RENE D VELIZ
RENE D VELIZ
MICHAEL R YONTZ
MICHAEL R YONTZ
MICHAEL R YONTZ
MICHAEL R YONTZ
JOSEPH L COX, IV
JOSEPH L COX, IV
JAMES E MARCHANT
JESSIKA HERNANDEZ
MICHAEL R YONTZ
MICHAEL R YONTZ
MICHAEL R YONTZ
MARC A O'FERRALL
MARC A O'FERRALL
MICHAEL G POTAPOW, JR.
SAMUEL R HOUSTON
CARLTON R WADE
CARLTON R WADE

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
14124 W NEWBERRY RD, NEWBERRY, FL 32669
4570 HWY 20, NICEVILLE, FL 32588
1090 E JOHN SIMS PKWY, NICEVILLE, FL 32578
102 E INTERNATIONAL SPEEDWAY BLVD, NORTH DE LAND, FL 32724
6431 BAYSHORE RD N, NORTH FORT MYERS, FL 33917
7200 W MCNAB ROAD, NORTH LAUDERDALE, FL 33068
7520 SOUTHGATE BLVD, NORTH LAUDERDALE, FL 33068
13000 BISCAYNE BLVD, NORTH MIAMI, FL 33181
2201 NE 163RD ST, NORTH MIAMI, FL 33160
11899 NW 7TH AVENUE, NORTH MIAMI, FL 33168
200 NE 167TH ST, NORTH MIAMI BEACH, FL 33162
12025 US HWY 1, NORTH PALM BEACH, FL 33408
14805 TAMIAMI TRL, NORTH PORT, FL 34287
1013 FRONT PLACE, NORTH PORT, FL 34287
265 W OAKLAND PARK BLVD, OAKLAND PARK, FL 33311
3073 WEST OAKLAND PARK BOULEVARD, OAKLAND PARK, FL 33311
3215 E SILVER SPRINGS BLVD, OCALA, FL 34470
2015 S PINE ST, OCALA, FL 34474
3595 W SILVER SPRINGS BLVD, OCALA, FL 34475
3223 SE MARICAMP RD, OCALA, FL 34471
2095 SW 484, OCALA, FL 34473
2827 SW 27TH AVE, OCALA, FL 34474
4110 SW 38TH CT, OCALA, FL 34474
2600 NW 46TH TERR, OCALA, FL 34482
7562 SE MARICAMP RD, OCALA, FL 34472
8240 SR 200, OCALA, FL 34481
3455 N PINE AVE, OCALA, FL 34475
4150 HWY 326, OCALA, FL 34482
9010 W COLONIAL DR, OCOEE, FL 34761
11131 W COLONIAL DRIVE, OCOEE, FL 34761
1620 E SILVER STAR RD, OCOEE, FL 34761
2281 OCOEE APOPKA RD, OCOEE, FL 34761
8506 GUNN HWY, ODESSA, FL 33556
16250 SR 54, ODESSA, FL 33556
4151 US HWY 441 S, OKEECHOBEE, FL 34974
5000 US HIGHWAY 17, ORANGE PARK, FL 32003
1083 BLANDING BLVD, ORANGE PARK, FL 32065
428 PARK AVE, ORANGE PARK, FL 32073
372 BLANDING BLVD, ORANGE PARK, FL 32073
4066 S SEMORAN BLVD, ORLANDO, FL 32822
3005 WEST COLONIAL DRIVE, ORLANDO, FL 32808
4640 S ORANGE BLOSSOM TR, ORLANDO, FL 32839
830 S ORANGE BLOSSOM TRAIL, ORLANDO, FL 32805
3804 LB MCLEOD RD, ORLANDO, FL 32805
5107 S JOHN YOUNG PARKWAY, ORLANDO, FL 32839
6927 SILVER STAR RD, ORLANDO, FL 32818
1028 W LEE RD, ORLANDO, FL 32810
6195 W COLONIAL DR, ORLANDO, FL 32808
5218 SILVER STAR RD, ORLANDO, FL 32808
1411 S HIAWASSEE ROAD, ORLANDO, FL 32835
2701 E COLONIAL DR, ORLANDO, FL 32803
ORLANDO AIRPORT - MCO FOOD COURT, ORLANDO, FL 32827
7055 NARCOOSSEE RD, ORLANDO, FL 32829
ORLANDO AIRPORT - MCO GATES 100-129, ORLANDO, FL 32827
5785 S ECONLOCKHATCHEE TRAIL, ORLANDO, FL 32829
7409 E COLONIAL DR, ORLANDO, FL 32807
11382 US HWY 441, ORLANDO, FL 32837
10026 CURRY FORD RD, ORLANDO, FL 32829
3713 MC COY RD, ORLANDO, FL 32812
6875 SANDLAKE RD, ORLANDO, FL 32819
8101 S JOHN YOUNG PKY (WM #908), ORLANDO, FL 32819
7344 W SAND LAKE RD, ORLANDO, FL 32819
8990 TURKEY LAKE ROAD (WM #4332), ORLANDO, FL 32819
8175 S JOHN YOUNG PKWY, ORLANDO, FL 32839
11250 E COLONIAL DR (WM #890), ORLANDO, FL 32817
12301 E COLONIAL DR, ORLANDO, FL 32826
5685 SOUTH SEMORAN BLVD, ORLANDO, FL 32822
5175 S CONWAY RD, ORLANDO, FL 32812
4075 MILLENIA BLVD, ORLANDO, FL 32839
10401 E COLONIAL DR, ORLANDO, FL 32817
12300 LAKE UNDERHILL RD, ORLANDO, FL 32828
2500 S KIRKMAN RD (WM #1220), ORLANDO, FL 32811
2944 S KIRKMAN RD, ORLANDO, FL 32811
4294 N ALAFAYA TR, ORLANDO, FL 32817
16920 E COLONIAL, ORLANDO, FL 32820
401 S AVALON PARK BLVD, ORLANDO, FL 32828
2503 N JOHN YOUNG PKWY, ORLANDO, FL 32804
100 SOUTH NOVA ROAD, ORMOND BEACH, FL 32074
105 INTERCHANGE BLVD, ORMOND BEACH, FL 32174
1530 US HWY 1, ORMOND BEACH, FL 32174
2849 CLAYTON CROSSING WAY, OVIEDO, FL 32765
1605 E MITCHELL HAMMOCK RD, OVIEDO, FL 32765
1920 W SR 426, OVIEDO, FL 32765
2050 ALAFAYA TRL, OVIEDO, FL 32765
3540 HWY 90, PACE, FL 32571
5004 HIGHWAY 90, PACE, FL 32571
2627 REID STREET, PALATKA, FL 32177-2807
3475 BAYSIDE LAKE BLVD SE, PALM BAY, FL 32909
3805 N LAKE BLVD, PALM BEACH GARDENS, FL 33406
9880 FLORIDA A1A ALTERNATE, PALM BEACH GARDENS, FL 33410

31

TELEPHONE
352-331-1108
850-897-7353
850-678-1844
386-738-5688
239-543-2269
954-726-6340
954-726-3777
305-899-9578
305-948-9081
305-953-0612
305-940-2092
561-626-9529
941-200-2540
941-429-7820
954-565-8881
954-733-6839
352-629-3215
352-629-4848
352-351-3233
352-694-5522
352-307-0828
352-861-7300
352-351-3208
352-861-0800
352-680-1919
352-304-8117
352-840-9595
352-690-6009
407-253-4379
407-877-7272
407-298-3755
407-656-0651
813-920-5422
813-926-7653
863-763-5856
904-278-8481
904-272-0751
904-264-1920
904-272-6319
407-380-1907
407-294-7120
407-839-3840
407-648-1846
407-426-9898
407-851-5699
407-295-1001
407-647-1615
407-299-3920
407-298-5950
407-298-9366
407-898-6879
407-825-7331
407-218-4031
407-825-7333
407-477-5874
407-281-6606
407-240-7599
407-382-5720
407-859-0431
407-351-2185
407-354-3807
407-264-0770
407-218-4140
407-218-4199
407-273-3413
407-208-0441
407-275-3827
407-856-6350
407-226-1622
407-282-5575
407-382-4490
407-290-5892
407-296-6265
407-658-0579
407-568-5085
407-382-6133
407-299-4291
386-677-1762
386-672-3798
386-677-2303
407-695-0172
407-977-9086
407-365-7641
321-285-2854
850-994-2348
850-480-6971
386-328-2092
321-409-5007
561-626-8917
561-630-4634

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
JOSEPH L COX, IV
JOSEPH L COX, IV
JAMES E MARCHANT
ALEXIS J BARQUIN
MARK SALEBRA
RENE D VELIZ
DAVID MICHAEL COSTA, JR.
DAVID MICHAEL COSTA, JR.
DAVID MICHAEL COSTA, JR.
DAVID M COSTA, SR
DAVID M COSTA, SR
DAVID M COSTA, SR
DAVID MICHAEL COSTA, JR.
DAVID M COSTA, SR
BRENT UPCHURCH
ANGEL VELIZ
ANGEL VELIZ
ANGEL VELIZ
PETER J NOWAK
PETER J NOWAK
PETER J NOWAK
PETER J NOWAK
PETER J NOWAK
PETER J NOWAK
JOHN L O'CONNOR
JOHN L O'CONNOR
JOHN L O'CONNOR
SUSAN K O'CONNOR
SUSAN K O'CONNOR
CYNTHIA D SAMOUR
JESSICA LEIGH WIMER
MARC A O'FERRALL
ANTHONY LOPEZ
RAPHAEL A VAZQUEZ
JENNIE ILLAS RINCON
JUAN C PRADO
LANNY G SUMPTER
JARED D LEHN
KRISTINA LEN RAGATZ
BRENT UPCHURCH
BRENT UPCHURCH
BRENT UPCHURCH
JAMES R UPCHURCH, JR.
JAMES R UPCHURCH, JR.
JAMES R UPCHURCH, JR.
SHAUN GUSKE
TIMOTHY J FENTON
TIMOTHY J FENTON
TIMOTHY J FENTON
TIMOTHY J FENTON
BRENDA L SYMONS
JESUS RODRIGUEZ
JESUS RODRIGUEZ
MICHELLE RODRIGUEZ
JOSE R HERNANDEZ
JAVIER ILLAS
DAVID M COSTA, SR
BEHNAM ABRISHAMI
MICHELE K HEISNER
MICHELE K HEISNER
SATURNINO RODRIGUEZ
TIMOTHY J FENTON
RAPHAEL A VAZQUEZ
RACHEL PRADO MILLAN
JUAN C PRADO, JR.
CARLTON R WADE
MICHELLE RODRIGUEZ
SATURNINO RODRIGUEZ
SATURNINO RODRIGUEZ
MICHELE K HEISNER
ANIA NITZSCHE
ANIA NITZSCHE
BRENT UPCHURCH
DAVID MICHAEL COSTA, JR.
DAVID MICHAEL COSTA, JR.
ANDREW T FENTON
ANDREW T FENTON
ANDREW T FENTON
ANDREW T FENTON
JAVIER ILLAS
JAVIER ILLAS
JAVIER ILLAS
AMY RODRIGUEZ
AMY RODRIGUEZ
BRENDA L SYMONS
BRENDA L SYMONS
JESUS RODRIGUEZ
SAMUEL R HOUSTON
LANNY G SUMPTER
MARK SALEBRA

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
5190 E HWY 100, PALM COAST, FL 32164
4851 BELLE TERRE PKWY, PALM COAST, FL 32137
2 OLD KINGS ROAD, PALM COAST, FL 32137
33817 US HWY 19 N, PALM HARBOR, FL 34684
3480 E LAKE RD, PALM HARBOR, FL 34685
3015 FOREST HILL BLVD, PALM SPRINGS, FL 33406
121 N TYNDALL PKWY, PANAMA CITY, FL 32404
16990 FRONT BEACH RD, PANAMA CITY, FL 32413
2263 MARTIN LUTHER KING JR BLVD, PANAMA CITY, FL 32405
3608 HIGHWAY 98 W, PANAMA CITY, FL 32401
2319 THOMAS DR, PANAMA CITY, FL 32408
1025 W 23RD ST, PANAMA CITY, FL 32405
15497 PANAMA CITY BEACH PKWY, PANAMA CITY BEACH, FL 32413
10628 FRONT BEACH ROAD, PANAMA CITY BEACH, FL 32407
1490 N UNIVERSITY DR, PEMBROKE PINES, FL 33024
11100 TAFT STREET, PEMBROKE PINES, FL 33026-2735
12480 S PINES BLVD, PEMBROKE PINES, FL 33027
18489 PINES BLVD, PEMBROKE PINES, FL 33029
6935 N 9TH AVE, PENSACOLA, FL 32504-6638
7198 PENSACOLA BLVD, PENSACOLA, FL 32505
6003 MOBILE HWY, PENSACOLA, FL 32526
7915 N DAVIS HWY, PENSACOLA, FL 32514-7562
4990 BAYOU RD, PENSACOLA, FL 32503
1500 AIRPORT BLVD, PENSACOLA, FL 32503
2120 W FAIRFIELD, PENSACOLA, FL 32505-5132
7941 PINE FOREST RD, PENSACOLA, FL 32526
5 S BLUE ANGEL PKWY, PENSACOLA, FL 32506
1107 N NAVY BLVD, PENSACOLA, FL 32507-1250
815 E CERVANTES, PENSACOLA, FL 32501-3211
13145 SORRENTO RD, PENSACOLA, FL 32507
5897 W 9 MILE RD, PENSACOLA, FL 32526
123 E NINE MILE RD, PENSACOLA, FL 32534
18295 S DIXIE HWY, PERRINE, FL 33157
2132 S US HIGHWAY 19, PERRY, FL 32348-6102
10191 66TH ST N, PINELLAS PARK, FL 33782
8001 US HIGHWAY 19 N (WM #1390), PINELLAS PARK, FL 33781-1742
2001 REDMAN PKY, PLANT CITY, FL 33566
1351 S UNIVERSITY DR, PLANTATION, FL 33324
1801 STATE ROAD 559, POLK CITY, FL 33868-9369
630 W SAMPLE RD, POMPANO BEACH, FL 33064
1 SW 26TH AVENUE, POMPANO BEACH, FL 33069
320 NW 24TH STREET, POMPANO BEACH, FL 33060
3091 N FEDERAL HWY, POMPANO BEACH, FL 33064
2025 E ATLANTIC BLVD, POMPANO BEACH, FL 33060
1490 NW 31 AVE, POMPANO BEACH, FL 33069
100 PONTE VEDRA BOULEVARD, PONTE VEDRA BEACH, FL 32082
4695 TAMIAMI TRL, PORT CHARLOTTE, FL 33980
1805 TAMIAMI TRL, PORT CHARLOTTE, FL 33948
3232 TAMIAMI TRL, PORT CHARLOTTE, FL 33952
24133 PEACHLAND BLVD, PORT CHARLOTTE, FL 33954
13418 S MCCALL RD, PORT CHARLOTTE, FL 33981
1676 TAYLOR RD, PORT ORANGE, FL 32124-6753
3802 CLYDE MORRIS BLVD, PORT ORANGE, FL 32119
3816 S NOVA RD, PORT ORANGE, FL 32127-4949
8527 US 19 N, PORT RICHEY, FL 34668
11929 US HWY 19, PORT RICHEY, FL 34668
115 W HIGHWAY 98, PORT SAINT JOE, FL 32456-1871
5435 ST JAMES DR, PORT SAINT LUCIE, FL 34983
10604 VILLAGE PKWY, PORT SAINT LUCIE, FL 34987
1740 SW GATLIN BLVD, PORT SAINT LUCIE, FL 34953
6857 N US HWY 1, PORT ST JOHN, FL 32927
9083 MAC DRIVE, PUNTA GORDA, FL 33950
1422 W JEFFERSON ST, QUINCY, FL 32351-2130
13118 S US HWY 301, RIVERVIEW, FL 33569
9870 US HWY 301, RIVERVIEW, FL 33569
3551 N BROADWAY, RIVIERA BEACH, FL 33404
1876 S US HWY 1, ROCKLEDGE, FL 32955
3844 MURREL RD, ROCKLEDGE, FL 32955
5370 STADIUM PKWY, ROCKLEDGE, FL 32955
1400 ROYAL PALM BEACH BOULEVARD, ROYAL PALM BEACH, FL 33411
2800 13TH ST, SAINT CLOUD, FL 34769
4860 E IRLO BRONSON MEMORIAL HIGHWAY, SAINT CLOUD, FL 34769
490 FL-13 N, SAINT JOHNS, FL 32259
6685 US-98, SANTA ROSA BEACH, FL 32459
2018 US-98, SANTA ROSA BEACH, FL 32459
6347 S TAMIAMI TRL, SARASOTA, FL 34231
8494 LOCKWOOD RIDGE ROAD, SARASOTA, FL 34243
4301 N WASHINGTON BLVD, SARASOTA, FL 34234
5821 DEREK AVE, SARASOTA, FL 34233
8164 N TAMIAMI TRL, SARASOTA, FL 34243
787 WASHINGTON BLVD, SARASOTA, FL 34236
3875 S TAMIAMI TRAIL, SARASOTA, FL 34239
3828 BEE RIDGE RD, SARASOTA, FL 34231
6508 UNIVERSITY PARKWAY, SARASOTA, FL 34240
3511 FRUITVILLE RD, SARASOTA, FL 34237-9027
5554 FRUITVILLE RD, SARASOTA, FL 34232-6405
1080 HIGHWAY A1A, SATELLITE BEACH, FL 32937
13395 US HWY 1, SEBASTIAN, FL 32958
610 E DR MARTIN LUTHER KING JR, SEFFNER, FL 33584
8901 PARK BLVD, SEMINOLE, FL 33777-4301

32

TELEPHONE
386-586-7201
386-445-6156
386-445-4059
727-781-7303
727-789-1910
561-623-0931
850-785-8097
850-233-3060
850-215-3442
850-785-4040
850-234-8060
850-784-9600
850-230-6334
850-234-6096
954-432-5150
954-432-1100
954-436-2342
954-430-5330
850-478-9656
850-478-6781
850-453-1273
850-478-7963
850-476-5529
850-477-5474
850-432-9602
850-944-8523
850-457-0560
850-456-3365
850-438-1384
850-492-3864
850-944-7222
850-480-6879
305-238-7129
850-584-4243
727-544-7386
727-576-6772
813-752-2239
954-475-0289
863-875-4228
954-943-3055
954-971-7626
954-784-0440
954-943-8410
954-781-1920
954-975-0072
904-273-7490
941-629-4681
941-627-8999
941-624-6199
941-764-0300
941-828-0061
386-756-6224
386-767-0220
386-756-4345
727-848-3997
727-863-8533
850-227-9075
772-879-1891
772-345-2920
772-336-4887
321-632-5919
941-637-3902
850-627-5812
813-443-8407
813-443-6749
561-844-3846
321-631-1394
321-504-9688
321-632-1563
561-333-8866
407-892-4198
407-498-0084
904-287-6220
850-420-9230
850-399-1036
941-922-1064
941-306-5097
941-312-5887
941-921-1979
941-351-1771
941-365-3030
941-954-7589
941-922-4406
941-248-5100
941-955-8840
941-371-9165
321-428-3868
772-388-9606
813-685-3118
727-398-1022

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
CYNTHIA D SAMOUR
JAVIER ILLAS
JAVIER ILLAS
JAVIER ILLAS
EST JEAN MAURI RINCON
ADAM GUSKE
ADAM GUSKE
BRENT UPCHURCH
BRENT UPCHURCH
BRENT UPCHURCH
BRENT UPCHURCH
BRENT UPCHURCH
ANIA NITZSCHE
MARK SALEBRA
TRAVIS STEFANOS
TRAVIS STEFANOS
MICHAEL G POTAPOW, JR.
CARLTON R WADE
CARLTON R WADE
CARLTON R WADE
KEVIN POTAPOW
STEFANIE M CABRERA-BENTANCOURT
BRADLEY D ASHLIN
JARED D LEHN
BRENT UPCHURCH
JAMES R UPCHURCH, JR.
JAMES R UPCHURCH, JR.
RENE D VELIZ
RAPHAEL A VAZQUEZ
RAPHAEL A VAZQUEZ
RAPHAEL A VAZQUEZ
RAPHAEL A VAZQUEZ
RAPHAEL A VAZQUEZ
RAPHAEL A VAZQUEZ
RAPHAEL A VAZQUEZ
RAPHAEL A VAZQUEZ
RAPHAEL A VAZQUEZ
RAPHAEL A VAZQUEZ
RAPHAEL A VAZQUEZ
RAPHAEL A VAZQUEZ
ROSELINA M RODRIGUEZ
JAMES R UPCHURCH, JR.
JOSE R HERNANDEZ
JAVIER ILLAS
JAVIER ILLAS
JENNIE ILLAS RINCON
JUAN C PRADO
RACHEL PRADO MILLAN
RACHEL PRADO MILLAN
JUAN C PRADO
FRANK F CHALFONT, JR.
LEONARDO LOPEZ, JR.
RACHEL PRADO MILLAN
JUAN C PRADO, JR.
JUAN C PRADO, JR.
JOSE RODRIGUEZ
SATURNINO RODRIGUEZ
SATURNINO RODRIGUEZ
LARRY D HARRISON
ALEXANDRA H TORRES
FRANK F CHALFONT, JR.
JAVIER ILLAS
AMY RODRIGUEZ
SERGIO RODRIGUEZ
BRENDA L SYMONS
BRENDA L SYMONS
JOSE CONRADO
JOSE CONRADO
MARY ANN CONRADO
JEREMY ODOM
CARLTON R WADE
CARLTON R WADE
RACHEL PRADO MILLAN
JUAN C PRADO, JR.
SAMUEL R HOUSTON
SAMUEL R HOUSTON
CARLTON R WADE
CARLTON R WADE
CARLTON R WADE
CARLTON R WADE
CARLTON R WADE
MICHELE K HEISNER
MICHELE K HEISNER
MICHELE K HEISNER
MICHELE K HEISNER
MICHELE K HEISNER
MICHELE K HEISNER
MICHELE K HEISNER
MICHELE K HEISNER
MICHELE K HEISNER

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
1189 EGLIN PKY, SHALIMAR, FL 32579-1252
2350 COMMERCIAL WAY, SPRING HILL, FL 34606
11055 SPRINGHILL DR, SPRING HILL, FL 34608
4166 MARINER BLVD, SPRING HILL, FL 34609
15050 SPRING HILL DR, SPRING HILL, FL 34604
1106 PONCE DE LEON BLVD, ST AUGUSTINE, FL 32084
2340 ST RD 16, ST AUGUSTINE, FL 32084
2431 US HWY 1 S, ST AUGUSTINE, FL 32086
1870 A1A SOUTH, ST AUGUSTINE, FL 32084
101 NATURES WALK PKWY, ST AUGUSTINE, FL 32092
37 EPIC BLVD, ST AUGUSTINE, FL 32084
103 TUSCAN WAY, ST AUGUSTINE, FL 32092
3344 CANOE CREEK RD, ST CLOUD, FL 34772
5464 66TH ST N, ST PETERSBURG, FL 33709
9600 4TH ST N, ST PETERSBURG, FL 33702
925 62ND AVE N, ST PETERSBURG, FL 33702
802 S WALNUT STREET, STARKE, FL 32091
970 SE FEDERAL HWY, STUART, FL 34994-3703
3600 SE FEDERAL HWY, STUART, FL 34997
5960 SE FEDERAL HWY, STUART, FL 34997
17890 S US HWY 441, SUMMERFIELD, FL 34491
17730 COLLINS AVENUE, SUNNY ISLES BEACH, FL 33160
10013 SUNSET STRIP, SUNRISE, FL 33322
13655 W SUNRISE BLVD, SUNRISE, FL 33323
9220 W COMMERCIAL BLVD, SUNRISE, FL 33351-4300
4301 PINE ISLAND ROAD, SUNRISE, FL 33351-6045
10901 W OAKLAND PARK BLVD, SUNRISE, FL 33351
2260 N UNIVERSITY DR, SUNRISE, FL 33322
3438 THOMASVILLE RD, TALLAHASSEE, FL 32309-3424
2875 APALACHEE PKY, TALLAHASSEE, FL 32301-3607
2026 W PENSACOLA ST, TALLAHASSEE, FL 32304
2800 S MONROE ST, TALLAHASSEE, FL 32301-6952
3819 N MONROE ST, TALLAHASSEE, FL 32303-2135
5052 W TENNESSEE ST, TALLAHASSEE, FL 32304-3555
1944 N MONROE ST, TALLAHASSEE, FL 32303-8410
672 W TENNESSEE ST, TALLAHASSEE, FL 32304-7934
1916 CAPITAL CIR NE, TALLAHASSEE, FL 32308-4454
3562 BLAIRSTONE RD, TALLAHASSEE, FL 32301
3631 MAHAN DR, TALLAHASSEE, FL 32308
300 S MAGNOLIA DR, TALLAHASSEE, FL 32301
8375 PINE ISLAND RD, TAMARAC, FL 33321
7600 NW 57TH STREET, TAMARAC, FL 33321
1520 W KENNEDY BLVD, TAMPA, FL 33606
5393 EHRLICH RD, TAMPA, FL 33624
12205 W LINEBAUGH AVENUE, TAMPA, FL 33626
8002 CITRUS PARK DR, TAMPA, FL 33625
2101 E 13TH AVENUE, TAMPA, FL 33605
19080 BRUCE B DOWNS BLVD, TAMPA, FL 33647
5101 POINTE OF TAMPA WAY, TAMPA, FL 33647
40728 USHY 19 N, TARPON SPRINGS, FL 34689
1965 STATE ROAD 19, TAVARES, FL 32778
91400 OVERSEAS HWY, TAVERNIER, FL 33070
2210 EVERGLADES LANE, THE VILLAGES, FL 32163
4080 WEDGEWOOD LANE, THE VILLAGES, FL 32162
320 COLONY BLVD, THE VILLAGES, FL 32162
3290 GARDEN ST, TITUSVILLE, FL 32796
3445 RONALD MCNAIR WAY, TITUSVILLE, FL 32780
3835 S WASHINGTON AVE, TITUSVILLE, FL 32780
209 E WADE ST, TRENTON, FL 32693
10727 SR 54, TRINITY, FL 34655
400 HATFIELD DR, UMATILLA, FL 32784
2480 LAUREL RD E, VENICE, FL 34275
4269 S TAMIAMI TR, VENICE, FL 34293
1720 S TAMIAMI TRAIL, VENICE, FL 34293
480 N VENICE BY-PASS, VENICE, FL 34292
325 COMMERCIAL CT, VENICE, FL 34292
1925 US 1, VERO BEACH, FL 32960
754 S US 1, VERO BEACH, FL 32962
5280 US HWY 1, VERO BEACH, FL 32967
9080 20TH STREET, VERO BEACH, FL 32966
1470 GREENVIEW SHORES BLVD, WELLINGTON, FL 33414
2755 S SR 7, WELLINGTON, FL 33414
27643 STATE RD 54 W, WESLEY CHAPEL, FL 33543
1733 BRUCE B DOWNS BLVD, WESLEY CHAPEL, FL 33544
2450 W NEW HAVEN AVE, WEST MELBOURNE, FL 32901
445 S WICKHAM RD, WEST MELBOURNE, FL 32904
1207 W 45TH ST, WEST PALM BEACH, FL 33401
4145 BLUE HERON BLVD, WEST PALM BEACH, FL 33404
4275 45TH ST, WEST PALM BEACH, FL 33409
4614 HYPOLUXO ROAD, WEST PALM BEACH, FL 33463
2605 S MILITARY TRAIL, WEST PALM BEACH, FL 33415
2421 OKEECHOBEE BOULEVARD, WEST PALM BEACH, FL 33401
828 S MILITARY TRL, WEST PALM BEACH, FL 33406
1775 MILITARY TRL, WEST PALM BEACH, FL 33409
650 BELVEDERE RD, WEST PALM BEACH, FL 33405
6581 FOREST HILL BLVD, WEST PALM BEACH, FL 33415
100 STATE RD 7, WEST PALM BEACH, FL 33414
6858 OKEECHOBEE BLVD, WEST PALM BEACH, FL 33411
1720 PALM BEACH LAKES BLVD, WEST PALM BEACH, FL 33401
9835 OKEECHOBEE BLVD, WEST PALM BEACH, FL 33411

33

TELEPHONE
850-651-2867
352-683-8618
352-610-9121
352-686-7376
352-593-4192
904-824-8708
904-824-8646
904-794-1013
904-471-5174
904-287-4131
904-824-0925
904-940-0605
407-891-6011
727-544-5381
727-576-9405
727-525-9083
904-964-8408
772-283-2948
772-287-7714
772-463-8102
352-347-8440
305-937-4944
954-748-6706
954-846-8634
954-578-1180
954-572-1911
954-747-7155
954-742-8280
850-893-2042
850-656-1117
850-576-0539
850-877-0033
850-562-4201
850-576-6669
850-385-7683
850-681-6259
850-671-1430
850-421-0350
850-877-0641
850-877-9500
954-722-6710
954-722-1120
813-251-6495
813-961-5152
813-818-0370
813-792-2776
813-248-5194
813-977-0076
813-866-9721
727-943-8721
352-742-2893
305-852-2463
352-399-5336
352-753-7360
352-753-9225
321-264-0039
321-268-5111
321-269-0252
352-463-0414
727-376-8041
352-669-2442
941-484-2608
941-497-4776
941-493-4555
941-485-6619
941-486-1138
772-567-8878
772-778-4378
772-770-2888
772-563-2555
561-790-7071
561-721-8673
813-907-2060
813-907-9400
321-802-5160
321-726-5858
561-848-1632
561-848-6783
561-684-7405
561-296-0715
561-209-2520
561-686-7177
561-683-7592
561-684-9120
561-655-1761
561-969-0715
561-795-7001
561-687-3070
561-640-4280
561-202-6740

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
RENE D VELIZ
RAPHAEL A VAZQUEZ
JUAN C PRADO
RACHEL PRADO MILLAN
KENNETH KOCIAN
ANTHONY LOPEZ
WILLIAM ALAN RHINE
WILLIAM ALAN RHINE
GARY A MOULTON
GARY A MOULTON
KRISTINA LEN RAGATZ
LANNY G SUMPTER
FRANK F CHALFONT, JR.
FRANK F CHALFONT, JR.
JESSIKA HERNANDEZ
JESSIKA HERNANDEZ
MICHAEL R YONTZ
CYNTHIA D SAMOUR
THOMAS M LISANTE
THOMAS M LISANTE
JIM J ABEDI
CHRISTOPHER R HAMILTON
ANTHONY P RAFFA
RICHARD B HOFF
RICHARD B HOFF
JIM J ABEDI
WENDELL C MORGAN
GEORGE SUAREZ
GEORGE SUAREZ
GEORGE SUAREZ
GEORGE SUAREZ
GEORGE SUAREZ
DONNIE K GRINER
ALEXANDRU BAIDOC
JIM J ABEDI
O STEVE AKINBORO
LUKE T MULLER
ROBERT W SWOSZOWSKI
ROBERT W SWOSZOWSKI
LAUREN MITCHELL
MIRCE CURKOSKI
GEORGE SUAREZ
WENDELL C MORGAN
HAYDEN MESSER
HAYDEN MESSER
PAUL J MESSER, III
PAUL J MESSER, III
LYNN MESSER-HAWKINS
LYNN MESSER-HAWKINS
LUIS SANTIAGO
LUIS SANTIAGO
MANUEL ABREU
MANUEL ABREU
O STEVE AKINBORO
DAVID CHANCELLOR
DJ MITCHELL
DJ MITCHELL
DJ MITCHELL
DJ MITCHELL
DJ MITCHELL
DJ MITCHELL
DJ MITCHELL
DJ MITCHELL
DREW B MULLER
KEITH B MULLER
LUKE T MULLER
ANTHONY P RAFFA
DANESHA D SMITH
DANESHA D SMITH
DANESHA D SMITH
DANESHA D SMITH
ROBERT W SWOSZOWSKI
ANDREW VANDER VEUR
ANDREW VANDER VEUR
LYNN MESSER-HAWKINS
JOHN PALMACCIO
JOHN B RITCHEY, JR.
JOHN B RITCHEY, JR.
JOHN B RITCHEY, JR.
JOHN B RITCHEY, JR.
JOHN B RITCHEY, JR.
JOHN B RITCHEY, JR.
JOHN B RITCHEY, JR.
TIMOTHY KUTHAN
VICKI CHANCELLOR
VICKI CHANCELLOR
RAPHAEL A VAZQUEZ
ANTHONY ALBERT GREENWOOD
DONNIE K GRINER
LYNN MESSER-HAWKINS

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
326 INDIAN TRACE, WESTON, FL 33326-2996
2964 COUNTY RD 136, WHITE SPRINGS, FL 32096-1203
809 FL-44, WILDWOOD, FL 34785
6006 SIGNATURE DR, WILDWOOD, FL 34785
713 W NOBLE AVE, WILLISTON, FL 32696
13494 W COLONIAL DR, WINTER GARDEN, FL 34787
3325 DANIELS RD, WINTER GARDEN, FL 34787
5426 HAMLIN GROVES TRAIL, WINTER GARDEN, FL 34787
245 6TH ST NW, WINTER HAVEN, FL 33880
6890 CYPRESS GARDENS BLVD, WINTER HAVEN, FL 33884
893 CYPRESS GARDENS BLVD, WINTER HAVEN, FL 33884
2019 SPIRIT LAKE RD, WINTER HAVEN, FL 33880
3162 UNIVERSITY BLVD, WINTER PARK, FL 32792
2472 ALOMA AVE, WINTER PARK, FL 32792
1302 W FAIRBANKS AVE, WINTER PARK, FL 32789
1325 TUSKAWILLA RD, WINTER SPRINGS, FL 32708
1200 E HWY 434, WINTER SPRINGS, FL 32708
1083 N BEAL PKY, WRIGHT, FL 32547
462570 SR 200, YULEE, FL 32097
463761 SR 200, YULEE, FL 32097
3316 N COBB PKY, ACWORTH, GA 30101
4381 ACWORTH DALLAS ROAD, ACWORTH, GA 30101
5600 BELLS FERRY RD, ACWORTH, GA 30101
5145 COWAN RD, ACWORTH, GA 30101-5198
1855 MARS HILL RD, ACWORTH, GA 30101
100 PRINCETON BLVD, ADAIRSVILLE, GA 30103-2628
110 W FOURTH ST, ADEL, GA 31620-2512
1683 E OGLETHORPE, ALBANY, GA 31705
1003 SOUTH SLAPPEY BLVD, ALBANY, GA 31701
2615 DAWSON RD, ALBANY, GA 31707
2448 N SLAPPEY BLVD, ALBANY, GA 31701
101 S WESTOVER BLVD, ALBANY, GA 31707
401 PIERCE ST, ALMA, GA 31510
12350 ARNOLD MILL RD, ALPHARETTA, GA 30004
5350 MCGINNIS FERRY ROAD, ALPHARETTA, GA 30005
10975 STATE BRIDGE RD, ALPHARETTA, GA 30022
5750 HWY 9 N, ALPHARETTA, GA 30004
5210 WINDWARD PARKWAY, ALPHARETTA, GA 30004
4025 NORTH POINT PARKWAY, ALPHARETTA, GA 30022
2950 HOLCOMB BRIDGE RD, ALPHARETTA, GA 30022
1310 EAST LAMAR ST, AMERICUS, GA 31709
202 US HWY 19 S, AMERICUS, GA 31719
730 E WASHINGTON AVE, ASHBURN, GA 31714-5349
150 GAINES SCHOOL RD, ATHENS, GA 30605
5223 JEFFERSON ROAD, ATHENS, GA 30606
1124 PRINCE AVE, ATHENS, GA 30601
1791 EPPS BRIDGE PARKWAY, ATHENS, GA 30606
2230 W BROAD ST, ATHENS, GA 30601
475 US HWY 29 N, ATHENS, GA 30601
3670 CASCADE RD, ATLANTA, GA 30311
5330 CAMPBELLTON-FAIRBURN ROAD, ATLANTA, GA 30213
3510 ASHFORD DUNWOODY RD, ATLANTA, GA 30319
1000 JOHNSON FERRY RD NE (HOSPITAL), ATLANTA, GA 30342-1606
5710 FULTON INDUSTRIAL BLVD, ATLANTA, GA 30331
2442 MARTIN LUTHER KING DR, ATLANTA, GA 30331
2929 PEACHTREE RD NE, ATLANTA, GA 30305
1176 RALPH DAVID ABERNATHY BLVD, ATLANTA, GA 30310
3324 NORTHSIDE PKWY N, ATLANTA, GA 30327-2207
1105 NORTHSIDE DR, ATLANTA, GA 30318
526 PONCE DE LEON BLVD, ATLANTA, GA 30308
2091 STEWART AVE, ATLANTA, GA 30315
4010 PEACHTREE RD NE, ATLANTA, GA 30319-3002
2071 N DRUID HILLS ROAD NE, ATLANTA, GA 30329
2350 CHESHIRE BRIDGE ROAD NE, ATLANTA, GA 30324
3334 CLAIRMONT ROAD, ATLANTA, GA 30329
2881 CLAIRMONT ROAD, ATLANTA, GA 30345
1994 HOWELL MILL ROAD, ATLANTA, GA 30318
6360 POWER FERRY RD, ATLANTA, GA 30339
443 MORELAND AVE, ATLANTA, GA 30316
ATLANTA AIRPORT - ATL CONC E, ATLANTA, GA 30320
ATLANTA AIRPORT - ATL CONC A, ATLANTA, GA 30320
8745 ROSWELL RD, ATLANTA, GA 30350
4362 ROSWELL RD NE, ATLANTA, GA 30342
3534 MARTIN LUTHER KING DR, ATLANTA, GA 30331
1667 ATLANTA HWY, AUBURN, GA 30011
3444 MIKE PADGETT HIGHWAY, AUGUSTA, GA 30906
1464 WALTON WAY, AUGUSTA, GA 30904
2624 DEAN BRIDGES RD, AUGUSTA, GA 30906
3132 PEACH ORCHARD RD, AUGUSTA, GA 30906
3423 WRIGHTSBORO RD, AUGUSTA, GA 30909
3357 DEANS BRIDGE RD, AUGUSTA, GA 30906
2902 WASHINGTON ROAD, AUGUSTA, GA 30909
4090 JIMMIE DYESS PKWY, AUGUSTA, GA 30909
3646 WHEELER ROAD, AUGUSTA, GA 30909
4065 AUSTELL ROAD, AUSTELL, GA 30106
3677 MARATHON CIRCLE, AUSTELL, GA 30106
1501 E SHOTWELL, BAINBRIDGE, GA 31717
200 FORSYTH ST, BARNESVILLE, GA 30204
206 N MAIN ST, BAXLEY, GA 31513
912 LOGANVILLE HWY, BETHLEHEM, GA 30620

34

TELEPHONE
954-384-4450
386-963-5545
352-748-4288
352-461-0888
352-528-3999
407-656-5550
407-654-1794
407-614-3326
863-293-1445
863-324-7744
863-294-8711
863-293-2328
407-679-5564
407-673-0550
407-622-1359
407-699-8855
407-365-5700
850-314-9887
904-225-0045
904-225-9921
770-917-9881
770-917-4645
770-928-6947
678-574-0942
770-218-9065
770-877-5188
229-896-3034
229-883-1603
229-883-3505
229-432-5973
229-436-5522
229-903-8911
912-632-2444
770-442-1166
770-777-0771
678-366-3340
678-366-3145
678-393-3317
770-569-1624
770-998-7710
229-924-9114
229-924-3349
229-567-2444
706-543-8010
706-357-9207
706-543-0522
706-227-9200
706-549-7313
706-549-0067
404-699-7481
770-774-2225
770-451-3436
404-250-1504
404-494-9982
404-691-8781
404-365-9727
404-755-4489
404-869-8299
404-876-6766
404-874-7848
404-209-9002
404-364-0006
404-315-8009
404-929-9833
404-320-3002
404-320-0020
404-355-9767
770-955-1732
404-635-0700
404-766-2736
404-761-8176
770-993-8513
404-257-9440
404-691-5533
678-225-7000
706-790-8001
706-722-2747
706-793-9224
706-798-6168
706-733-5011
706-798-8071
706-733-1040
706-210-9350
706-854-9373
770-941-2934
770-222-2596
229-246-6100
770-358-6693
912-367-9511
770-307-1981

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
COLE MORRISON
KATE LIMA-RAPPS
GEORGE SUAREZ
ANDREW VANDER VEUR
LYNN MESSER-HAWKINS
DONNIE K GRINER
MIKESH A PATEL
O STEVE AKINBORO
KATHERINE BOOTH MORRISON
KATHERINE BOOTH MORRISON
KATHERINE BOOTH MORRISON
KATHERINE BOOTH MORRISON
COLE MORRISON
LAUREN MITCHELL
LAUREN MITCHELL
LAUREN MITCHELL
DONNIE K GRINER
RAPHAEL A VAZQUEZ
ORESTES J RODRIGUEZ
RAPHAEL A VAZQUEZ
DJ MITCHELL
DJ MITCHELL
DREW B MULLER
LUKE T MULLER
ANDREW VANDER VEUR
ANDREW VANDER VEUR
DAVID NEISLER
DAVID NEISLER
DAVID NEISLER
DAVID NEISLER
JIM J ABEDI
CHRISTOPHER R HAMILTON
CHRISTOPHER R HAMILTON
CHRISTOPHER R HAMILTON
DJ MITCHELL
DJ MITCHELL
DAVID NEISLER
DAVID NEISLER
DJ MITCHELL
DONTE CLEAVES
BARRY DEGONZAGUE
JAMES D AARON, JR.
MIKESH A PATEL
EDWIN G STANBERRY
MIKESH A PATEL
MIKESH A PATEL
EDWIN G STANBERRY
DAVID CHANCELLOR
ANTHONY ALBERT GREENWOOD
JAMES A ABBATE
JAMES A ABBATE
JAMES A ABBATE
JAMES A ABBATE
JAMES A ABBATE
JAMES A ABBATE
JAMES A ABBATE
JAMES A ABBATE
JAMES A ABBATE
MIKESH A PATEL
LYNN V MILLER
LYNN V MILLER
BRUCE P VINEYARD, JR.
MIRCE CURKOSKI
MIKESH A PATEL
LYNN V MILLER
LYNN V MILLER
LYNN V MILLER
BRUCE P VINEYARD, JR.
BRUCE P VINEYARD, JR.
DREW B MULLER
DREW B MULLER
DREW B MULLER
DREW B MULLER
KEITH B MULLER
LUKE T MULLER
LUKE T MULLER
LUKE T MULLER
PAUL J MESSER, III
PAUL J MESSER, III
LYNN MESSER-HAWKINS
ROBERT W SWOSZOWSKI
DJ MITCHELL
ANTHONY P RAFFA
RICHARD B HOFF
BARRY DEGONZAGUE
BARRY DEGONZAGUE
ALEX GOODWIN
ALEX GOODWIN
ALEX GOODWIN
KATHERINE BOOTH MORRISON

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
3586 E HWY #84, BLACKSHEAR, GA 31516
19 MURPHY'S HIGHWAY, BLAIRSVILLE, GA 30512
12310 COLUMBIA ST, BLAKELY, GA 39823
10141 BLUE RIDGE HWY, BLUE RIDGE, GA 30513-9596
3825 ATLANTA HWY, BOGART, GA 30622
793 E HWY 96, BONAIRE, GA 31005
5888 HWY 53, BRASELTON, GA 30517
2001 ALABAMA ST, BREMEN, GA 30110-2504
1821 GLYNN AVE HWY 17, BRUNSWICK, GA 31520
4957 NEW JESUP HWY, BRUNSWICK, GA 31520
260 FRONTAGE RD, BRUNSWICK, GA 31520
4545 ALTAMA AVE, BRUNSWICK, GA 31520
455 CANAL RD, BRUNSWICK, GA 31525
4358 BUFORD DR, BUFORD, GA 30518
3210 BUFORD DRIVE, BUFORD, GA 30519
4810 GOLDEN AVE, BUFORD, GA 30519
316 N HWY 49, BYRON, GA 31008
390 US HWY 84 EAST, CAIRO, GA 31728
749 HWY 53 EAST SE, CALHOUN, GA 30701
28 US HWY 19 SOUTH, CAMILLA, GA 31730
3335 SIXES ROAD, CANTON, GA 30114
2070 CUMMING HWY, CANTON, GA 30114
3240 RIDGE ROAD, CANTON, GA 30114
1429 RIVERSTONE PKY, CANTON, GA 30114
8008 CUMMING HWY, CANTON, GA 30115
6126 HICKORY FLAT HIGHWAY, CANTON, GA 30115
1303 S MAPLE, CARROLLTON, GA 30117
1101 S PARK ST, CARROLLTON, GA 30117
1175 BANKHEAD HIGHWAY, CARROLLTON, GA 30116-8587
1116 N PARK ST, CARROLLTON, GA 30117
11 CANYON ROAD, CARTERSVILLE, GA 30121
5651 HWY 20 NE, CARTERSVILLE, GA 30121-5212
968 CASSVILLE WHITE RD, CARTERSVILLE, GA 30120
1370 JOE FRANK HARRIS PKWY SE, CARTERSVILLE, GA 30120
266 N DIXIE AVE, CARTERSVILLE, GA 30120
1130 WEST AVE, CARTERSVILLE, GA 30120
328 N MAIN, CEDARTOWN, GA 30125
1498 ROME HIGHWAY, CEDARTOWN, GA 30125
3396 CHAMBLEE TUCKER ROAD, CHAMBLEE, GA 30341-4353
5493 PEACHTREE BLVD, CHAMBLEE, GA 30341
1047 N 3RD AVE, CHATSWORTH, GA 30705-2117
106 LAFAYETTE ROAD, CHICKAMAUGA, GA 30707
502 WASHINGTON STREET, CLARKESVILLE, GA 30523
7 N DUVALL ST, CLAXTON, GA 30417
201 CHECHERO ST, CLAYTON, GA 30525
1550 S MAIN ST, CLEVELAND, GA 30528
113 NORTH SECOND STREET, COCHRAN, GA 31014
5115 OLD NATIONAL HWY, COLLEGE PARK, GA 30349
5174 RIVERDALE RD, COLLEGE PARK, GA 30349
3315 MACON RD, COLUMBUS, GA 31906
2525 AIRPORT THRUWAY, COLUMBUS, GA 31904
3450 VICTORY DRIVE, COLUMBUS, GA 31903-2116
1338 VETERANS PARKWAY, COLUMBUS, GA 31901
5628 MILGEN ROAD, COLUMBUS, GA 31907-1300
4121 BUENA VISTA RD, COLUMBUS, GA 31907
1619 BRADLEY PARK DRIVE, COLUMBUS, GA 31904
7350 VETERANS PKY, COLUMBUS, GA 31909
1436 MANCHESTER EXPRESSWAY, COLUMBUS CITY, GA 31904
30519 HWY 441, COMMERCE, GA 30529
1765 HIGHWAY 138, CONYERS, GA 30094
2320 SALEM ROAD, CONYERS, GA 30013
1320 KLONDIKE RD, CONYERS, GA 30094
1613 EAST 16TH AVENUE, CORDELE, GA 31015-2067
1585 US HWY 441, CORNELIA, GA 30531
2080 A CROWELL ROAD, COVINGTON, GA 30014
10267 HIGHWAY 36, COVINGTON, GA 30014
10405 INDUSTRIAL BLVD, COVINGTON, GA 30014
4112 HIGHWAY 278 NE, COVINGTON, GA 30014
4174 SALEM ROAD, COVINGTON, GA 30016
2315 BETHELVIEW ROAD, CUMMING, GA 30040
2353 ATLANTA HWY, CUMMING, GA 30040
1635 BUFORD HIGHWAY, CUMMING, GA 30041
5260 MATT HIGHWAY, CUMMING, GA 30028
660 ATLANTA RD, CUMMING, GA 30040
2815 KEITH BRIDGE RD, CUMMING, GA 30130
4890 POST ROAD, CUMMING, GA 30040
3075 OLD ATLANTA ROAD, CUMMING, GA 30041
2443 HAMILTON MILL PKWY, DACULA, GA 30019
615 DACULA ROAD, DACULA, GA 30019
912 HARBINS RD, DACULA, GA 30019
36 MONTAIN ROAD, DAHLONEGA, GA 30533
1125 MERCHANTS DRIVE, DALLAS, GA 30132
3036 VILLA RICA HIGHWAY, DALLAS, GA 30132
8872 DALLAS ACWORTH HIGHWAY, DALLAS, GA 30132
1523 WALNUT AVE, DALTON, GA 30720
1210 CLEVELAND RD, DALTON, GA 30720
142 CARBONDALE RD SW, DALTON, GA 30721-5301
3898 CLEVELAND HIGHWAY, DALTON, GA 30721
2531 E WALNUT AVE, DALTON, GA 30721
13472 HWY 251, DARIEN, GA 31305

35

TELEPHONE
912-449-3397
706-745-3030
229-723-5700
706-632-6808
706-613-0340
478-988-0313
706-658-2692
770-537-3115
912-265-6640
912-264-1130
912-554-4502
912-267-9021
912-466-8701
770-945-7867
770-945-1040
678-482-8299
478-956-4605
229-377-7277
706-629-0858
229-336-7444
770-704-4885
770-704-1706
770-720-6060
770-720-8691
678-493-5421
770-720-3133
770-834-4109
770-832-1399
770-832-1200
770-836-0101
770-383-3307
770-386-8162
770-607-2070
770-386-7101
770-386-3975
770-607-5800
770-748-7773
770-749-3900
770-455-9030
770-458-0696
706-695-7168
706-375-9340
706-839-1856
912-739-1122
706-782-5313
706-865-9795
478-934-4848
404-766-0659
770-909-6610
706-561-8375
706-324-2525
706-689-3613
706-322-4444
706-569-7887
706-561-2488
706-571-0064
706-322-3585
706-324-1436
706-335-2181
770-483-7472
770-602-9969
770-483-0564
229-273-9813
706-778-7002
678-342-9898
770-788-3044
678-625-3700
770-787-3968
678-625-9995
770-844-7327
770-887-2755
770-889-9500
470-945-5113
770-887-0020
770-844-9364
770-886-3887
678-513-3103
770-614-3500
770-682-0068
678-552-4877
706-864-7600
770-445-9713
770-505-5233
770-975-7395
706-226-4825
706-278-5053
706-226-0002
706-694-2393
706-529-9040
912-437-3840

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
GEORGE SUAREZ
KEITH B MULLER
ANTHONY ALBERT GREENWOOD
JOHNNY HURT
JOHNNY HURT
KEITH B MULLER
KEITH B MULLER
STEVE SAMUEL
STEVE SAMUEL
DONTE CLEAVES
DONNIE K GRINER
DAVID CHANCELLOR
DAVID CHANCELLOR
VICKI CHANCELLOR
MARK A MINES
MARK A MINES
MANUEL ABREU
O STEVE AKINBORO
VIVIAN DE JESUS
VIVIAN DE JESUS
DAVID CHANCELLOR
DJ MITCHELL
ANDREW VANDER VEUR
ANTHONY ALBERT GREENWOOD
DJ MITCHELL
DANESHA D SMITH
EDWIN G STANBERRY
MARK A MINES
MARK A MINES
MIKESH A PATEL
LYNN V MILLER
LYNN V MILLER
DAVID W HAMILTON
JOHN B RITCHEY, JR.
JOHN B RITCHEY, JR.
DAVID CHANCELLOR
MURIEL POWELL
MURIEL POWELL
WENDELL C MORGAN
PAUL J MESSER, III
ROBERT W SWOSZOWSKI
COLE MORRISON
JOHNNY HURT
LYNN V MILLER
EDWIN G STANBERRY
ALEX GOODWIN
ANTHONY ALBERT GREENWOOD
ROBERT W SWOSZOWSKI
ROBERT W SWOSZOWSKI
ROBERT W SWOSZOWSKI
ROBERT W SWOSZOWSKI
ROBERT W SWOSZOWSKI
JOHN PALMACCIO
EDWIN G STANBERRY
EDWIN G STANBERRY
LYNN MESSER-HAWKINS
MARK A MINES
ANTHONY ALBERT GREENWOOD
ANTHONY ALBERT GREENWOOD
ANTHONY ALBERT GREENWOOD
TIMOTHY KUTHAN
TIMOTHY KUTHAN
LUIS SANTIAGO
ANTHONY ALBERT GREENWOOD
MIKESH A PATEL
EDWIN G STANBERRY
DONNIE K GRINER
JOHN B RITCHEY, JR.
KARLA MEDINA
ASHLEY L DODD
ASHLEY L DODD
ASHLEY L DODD
DJ MITCHELL
JAMES A ABBATE
MIKESH A PATEL
ANTHONY ALBERT GREENWOOD
ANTHONY ALBERT GREENWOOD
ANDREW VANDER VEUR
LYNN MESSER-HAWKINS
JAMES BOOTH
VICKI CHANCELLOR
LYNN V MILLER
LYNN V MILLER
DAVID J HAMILTON
DAVID J HAMILTON
DJ MITCHELL
ANDREW VANDER VEUR
THOMAS M LISANTE
ADAM N FEY
JAMES D AARON, JR.

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
460 ROUNDTREE DR SW, DAWSON, GA 39842
50 GEORGIA 400, DAWSONVILLE, GA 30534
3531 FLAT SHOALS RD, DECATUR, GA 30034
2020 CANDLER ROAD, DECATUR, GA 30032
2379 WESLEY CHAPEL ROAD, DECATUR, GA 30035
4075 MEMORIAL DR, DECATUR, GA 30032
830 COMMERCE DR, DECATUR, GA 30031
3893 N DRUID HILLS RD, DECATUR, GA 30033-3023
2772 CHAMBLEE TUCKER ROAD, DORAVILLE, GA 30340
5774 BUFORD HIGHWAY, DORAVILLE, GA 30340
1300 S PETERSON, DOUGLAS, GA 31533
9502 HWY 5, DOUGLASVILLE, GA 30135
6072 FAIRBURN RD, DOUGLASVILLE, GA 30134-2373
2726 CHAPEL HILL RD, DOUGLASVILLE, GA 30135-1704
2193 S HWY 441, DUBLIN, GA 31040
1829 VETERANS BOULEVARD, DUBLIN, GA 31021
3485 PEACHTREE INDUSTRIAL BLVD, DULUTH, GA 30096
1963 PLEASANT HILL RD, DULUTH, GA 30096-4625
2101 DULUTH HWY, DULUTH, GA 30096
2695 OLD PEACHTREE RD NW, DULUTH, GA 30097
1842 COTILLION DRIVE, DUNWOODY, GA 30338
4540 ASHFORD DUNWOODY RD NE, DUNWOODY, GA 30346-1515
943 MADDOX DR, EAST ELLIJAY, GA 30539
3201 CAMP CREEK PKY, EAST POINT, GA 30344
834 CLEVELAND AVE, EAST POINT, GA 30344
1203 E VIRGINIA AVE, EAST POINT, GA 30344
400 OAK STREET SW, EASTMAN, GA 31023-1960
105 OAK ST, EATONTON, GA 31024
1001 LAKE OCONEE PKWY, EATONTON, GA 31024
300 ELBERT ST, ELBERTON, GA 30635
71 FAIRVIEW RD, ELLENWOOD, GA 30281
2773 FOREST PARKWAY, ELLENWOOD, GA 30294
150 OLD ALLATOONA ROAD, EMERSON, GA 30121
4264 WASHINGTON ROAD, EVANS, GA 30809
5109 WASHINGTON ROAD, EVANS, GA 30809
7820 SENOIA RD, FAIRBURN, GA 30213
465 N GLYNN ST, FAYETTEVILLE, GA 30214
860 GLYNN STREET, FAYETTEVILLE, GA 30214
143 OCILLA HWY, FITZGERALD, GA 31750
7370 SPOUT SPRINGS ROAD, FLOWERY BRANCH, GA 30542
5915 SPOUT SPRINGS RD, FLOWERY BRANCH, GA 30542
300 S 2ND ST, FOLKSTON, GA 31537
3907 JONESBORO RD, FOREST PARK, GA 30297
4926 OLD DIXIE HWY, FOREST PARK, GA 30297
250 N LEE ST, FORSYTH, GA 31029
1179 BATTLEFIELD PKY, FORT OGLETHORPE, GA 30742
212 N CAMELLIA BLVD, FORT VALLEY, GA 31030-4104
707 JESSE JEWELL PARKWAY, GAINESVILLE, GA 30501
3183 FRONTAGE RD, GAINESVILLE, GA 30504
965 DAWSONVILLE HWY, GAINESVILLE, GA 30501
2501 THOMPSON BRIDGE RD, GAINESVILLE, GA 30501
2010 LIMESTONE PARKWAY NE, GAINESVILLE, GA 30501
4612 AUGUSTA RD, GARDEN CITY, GA 31408
412 DOWNEY MUSGROVE HWY, GLENNVILLE, GA 30427
286 W CLINTON ST, GRAY, GA 31032
1881 GRAYSON HWY, GRAYSON, GA 30017
2331 S MAIN ST, GREENSBORO, GA 30642
611 W TAYLOR ST, GRIFFIN, GA 30223-2717
1605 N EXPY, GRIFFIN, GA 30223
1636 HWY 19, GRIFFIN, GA 30223
880 HORIZON SOUTH PKY, GROVETOWN, GA 30813
465 LEWISTON RD, GROVETOWN, GA 30813
11281 TARA BLVD, HAMPTON, GA 30228
309 N CENTRAL AVE, HAPEVILLE, GA 30274
19 WEST FRANKLIN, HARTWELL, GA 30643
204 BROAD ST, HAWKINSVILLE, GA 31036
120 S TALLAHASSE ST, HAZLEHURST, GA 31539
2508 TOBACCO RD, HEPHZIBAH, GA 30815
520 N MAIN STREET, HIAWASSEE, GA 30546
801 E G MILES PKY, HINESVILLE, GA 31313
751 W OGLETHORPE PKY (WM #26336), HINESVILLE, GA 31313
203 W OGLETHORPE HIGHWAY, HINESVILLE, GA 31313
4286 JIMMY LEE SMITH PKY, HIRAM, GA 30141
1829 E MAIN ST, HOGANSVILLE, GA 30230
5808 HWY 124, HOSCHTON, GA 30548
546 E 3RD ST, JACKSON, GA 30233
113 TRUCK STOP WAY, JACKSON, GA 30233
1493 W CHURCH ST, JASPER, GA 30143-9465
4875 US HWY 129 N, JEFFERSON, GA 30549
1190 E CHERRY ST, JESUP, GA 31545
8530 HWY 85, JONESBORO, GA 30236
7894 TARA BLVD, JONESBORO, GA 30236
6670 TARA BLVD, JONESBORO, GA 30236
2049 COBB PARKWAY, KENNESAW, GA 30144
4050 JILES ROAD, KENNESAW, GA 30144
305 BARRETT PKY, KENNESAW, GA 30144
4415 WADE GREEN RD, KENNESAW, GA 30144-6424
1310 USS DANIEL BOONE AVE (NAVAL BASE), KINGS BAY, GA 31547-5000
1352 BOONE AVE, KINGSLAND, GA 31548
1101 N MAIN ST, LA FAYETTE, GA 30728

36

TELEPHONE
229-995-7062
706-216-1555
404-243-0390
404-284-0217
770-323-2200
404-296-4446
404-373-6860
404-634-0089
770-457-1093
678-530-9992
912-384-4344
770-942-6664
770-942-5953
770-947-5224
478-272-4747
478-275-0710
770-476-7823
770-476-2040
770-814-8219
770-232-1212
770-730-0741
770-522-8950
706-276-1133
404-767-9464
404-761-4885
404-559-9659
478-374-3902
706-485-3533
706-485-5300
706-213-1010
770-507-5074
404-363-4802
770-386-2074
706-651-9292
706-868-6573
770-969-4020
770-461-4018
770-719-9985
229-423-5929
770-965-7070
770-965-4414
912-496-4160
404-608-9981
404-366-0789
478-994-1513
706-866-9581
478-825-1244
770-536-2382
770-532-9288
770-287-1955
678-450-4770
770-531-0055
912-965-9415
912-654-9234
478-986-3636
678-376-0786
706-453-0099
770-227-5173
770-229-1997
770-228-4344
706-869-9634
706-854-9844
770-472-7113
404-766-4468
706-376-2700
478-783-4595
912-375-0704
706-792-9944
706-896-5104
912-332-1260
912-876-7595
912-368-3330
770-943-2778
706-637-8400
706-654-7986
770-775-1566
770-775-9229
706-692-3553
706-693-4320
912-427-6896
770-477-9293
770-478-1020
770-961-4840
770-427-6918
770-425-8343
770-423-9141
770-428-8493
912-882-2757
912-729-5878
706-638-9493

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
JAMES A ABBATE
JAMES A ABBATE
JAMES A ABBATE
JAMES A ABBATE
MURIEL POWELL
OSCAR A RODRIGUEZ
GEORGE SUAREZ
MIKESH A PATEL
PAUL J MESSER, III
PAUL J MESSER, III
PAUL J MESSER, III
LYNN MESSER-HAWKINS
LYNN MESSER-HAWKINS
KEITH B MULLER
STEVE SAMUEL
LAUREN MITCHELL
GEORGE SUAREZ
KEITH B MULLER
STEVE SAMUEL
JIM J ABEDI
O STEVE AKINBORO
JOHNNY HURT
JOHNNY HURT
JOHNNY HURT
BRUCE P VINEYARD, JR.
BRUCE P VINEYARD, JR.
BRUCE P VINEYARD, JR.
DONNIE K GRINER
DJ MITCHELL
RICHARD B HOFF
EDWIN G STANBERRY
EDWIN G STANBERRY
EDWIN G STANBERRY
EDWIN G STANBERRY
EDWIN G STANBERRY
EDWIN G STANBERRY
EDWIN G STANBERRY
EDWIN G STANBERRY
EDWIN G STANBERRY
BRUCE P VINEYARD, JR.
ANTHONY ALBERT GREENWOOD
JIM J ABEDI
DJ MITCHELL
ANTHONY P RAFFA
ANTHONY P RAFFA
JOHN A RAFFA
JOHN A RAFFA
RICHARD B HOFF
RICHARD B HOFF
RICHARD B HOFF
RICHARD B HOFF
JOHN B RITCHEY, JR.
JOHN B RITCHEY, JR.
TIMOTHY KUTHAN
LYNN V MILLER
LYNN V MILLER
LYNN V MILLER
LYNN V MILLER
MURIEL POWELL
MIRCE CURKOSKI
DONNIE K GRINER
JAMES A ABBATE
ASHLEY L DODD
MARK A MINES
MARK A MINES
JAMES BOOTH
BRUCE P VINEYARD, JR.
ANTHONY ALBERT GREENWOOD
JOHNNY HURT
LYNN V MILLER
GEORGE SUAREZ
WENDELL C MORGAN
DJ MITCHELL
BRAD A MUNN
BRAD A MUNN
BRAD A MUNN
MANUEL ABREU
O STEVE AKINBORO
DANESHA D SMITH
ANDREW VANDER VEUR
ANDREW VANDER VEUR
DONTE CLEAVES
BRAD A MUNN
BRAD A MUNN
BRAD A MUNN
EDWIN G STANBERRY
ANTHONY ALBERT GREENWOOD
EDWIN G STANBERRY
JOHN PALMACCIO
JOHN PALMACCIO

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
146 COMMERCE AVE, LAGRANGE, GA 30240
2408 WHITESVILLE RD, LAGRANGE, GA 30240
1797 W POINT RD, LAGRANGE, GA 30240
1502 LAFAYETTE PKWY, LAGRANGE, GA 30241
5192 JONESBORO RD, LAKE CITY, GA 30260
7207 LAKES BLVD, LAKE PARK, GA 31636-4947
2 W THIGPEN AVENUE, LAKELAND, GA 31635
13786 JONES ST, LAVONIA, GA 30553-1112
149 S CLAYTON, LAWRENCEVILLE, GA 30045
751 PIKE ST, LAWRENCEVILLE, GA 30045
423 SWANSON DR, LAWRENCEVILLE, GA 30045
4915 SUGARLOAF PKY, LAWRENCEVILLE, GA 30045
3393 SUGARLOAF PARKWAY, LAWRENCEVILLE, GA 30045
1414 PLEASANT HILL RD, LAWRENCEVILLE, GA 30044
2705 LAWRENCEVILLE HWY, LAWRENCEVILLE, GA 30044
2370 BUFORD DRIVE NE, LAWRENCEVILLE, GA 30043
274 US HWY 19 S, LEESBURG, GA 31763-4870
3015 FIVE FORKS TRICKUM RD, LILBURN, GA 30047
4133 LAWRENCEVILLE HWY, LILBURN, GA 30047
2805 LEE RD, LITHIA SPRINGS, GA 30122-3368
834 THORNTON RD, LITHIA SPRINGS, GA 30122
2826 EVANS MILL RD, LITHONIA, GA 30058
2791 PANOLA RD, LITHONIA, GA 30038
2964 TURNER HILL RD, LITHONIA, GA 30038
4850 BILL GARDNER PKY, LOCUST GROVE, GA 30248
2632 HIGHWAY 155 SOUTH, LOCUST GROVE, GA 30248
4638 ATLANTA HWY, LOGANVILLE, GA 30052
204 US HWY 1, LOUISVILLE, GA 30434
4860 FLOYD ROAD SW, MABLETON, GA 30126
840 SE VETERANS MEMORIAL DR, MABLETON, GA 30126
1450 ROCKY CREEK RD, MACON, GA 31206
550 GRAY HWY, MACON, GA 31201
2497 PIO NONO, MACON, GA 31206
6210 ZEBULON RD, MACON, GA 31210
3660 RIVERSIDE DR, MACON, GA 31210
5020 HARRISON RD, MACON, GA 31206
1670 BASS ROAD, MACON, GA 31210
4630 HARTLEY BRIDGE ROAD, MACON, GA 31216
4472 OCMULGEE BLVD, MACON, GA 31217
1920 EATONTON RD, MADISON, GA 30650
319 W MAIN ST, MANCHESTER, GA 31816
778 WHITLOCK AVE, MARIETTA, GA 30064
3010 CANTON RD, MARIETTA, GA 30066
4819 LOWER ROSWELL RD, MARIETTA, GA 30068
3101 ROSWELL ROAD, MARIETTA, GA 30062-5558
2782 SANDY PLAINS RD, MARIETTA, GA 30066
3011 JOHNSON FERRY DR, MARIETTA, GA 30062
2700 WINDY HILL RD, MARIETTA, GA 30067
1195 POWDER SPRGS RD, MARIETTA, GA 30064
645 S COBB PKWY, MARIETTA, GA 30062-3768
2375 DELK RD, MARIETTA, GA 30067
3804 WASHINGTON RD, MARTINEZ, GA 30907
381 FURY'S FERRY ROAD, MARTINEZ, GA 30907
4478 COLUMBIA RD, MARTINEZ, GA 30907
I 75 AT RT 20 & 81, MCDONOUGH, GA 30253
1775 JONESBORO ROAD, MCDONOUGH, GA 30253
5990 E LAKE PKWY, MCDONOUGH, GA 30253-4802
200 JONESBORO ROAD, MCDONOUGH, GA 30253
801 HWY 81 E, MCDONOUGH, GA 30252
3 E OAK ST, MCRAE, GA 31055
1215 S LEWIS ST, METTER, GA 30439
6600 FLAT ROCK ROAD, MIDLAND, GA 31820
1369 E OGLETHORPE HWY, MIDWAY, GA 31320
2490 N COLUMBIA STREET, MILLEDGEVILLE, GA 31061
611 SOUTH WAYNE ST, MILLEDGEVILLE, GA 31061-3905
227 HIGHWAY 25 N, MILLEN, GA 30442
2025 W SPRING ST, MONROE, GA 30655
417 SPAULDING RD, MONTEZUMA, GA 31063
6065 JONESBORO RD (WM #1047), MORROW, GA 30260
2125 MT ZION PARKWAY, MORROW, GA 30260
506 FIRST AVENUE SE, MOULTRIE, GA 31768
609 S DAVIS ST, NASHVILLE, GA 31639-2444
1425 HIGHWAY 29 S, NEWNAN, GA 30263-5294
58 BULLSBORO RD, NEWNAN, GA 30263
3190 E HWY 34, NEWNAN, GA 30264
1721 NEWNAN CROSSING BLVD E, NEWNAN, GA 30265
4135 JIMMY CARTER BLVD, NORCROSS, GA 30093
1650 INDIAN TRAIL LILBURN RD, NORCROSS, GA 30093-2615
7070 JIMMY CARTER BLVD, NORCROSS, GA 30071
6165 MCDONOUGH BLVD, NORCROSS, GA 30093-1204
5535 BUFORD HWY, NORCROSS, GA 30071
2077 N DECATUR, NORTH DECATUR, GA 30033-5910
9140 HIGHWAY 29, PALMETTO, GA 30268
709 CROSSINGS E, PEACHTREE CITY, GA 30269
986 CROSSTOWN COURT, PEACHTREE CITY, GA 30269
203 E BACON STREET, PEMBROKE, GA 31321
1413 SAMNUNN BLVD, PERRY, GA 31069
265 PERRY PARKWAY, PERRY, GA 31069
903 US HWY 80, POOLER, GA 31322
200 POOLER PKWY, POOLER, GA 31322

37

TELEPHONE
706-882-5111
706-845-8599
706-883-6632
706-884-1614
404-361-0567
229-559-1523
229-503-4064
706-356-1443
770-963-8377
770-995-9410
770-682-0583
770-277-8824
678-377-5836
770-925-2638
404-448-2152
770-339-0111
229-759-0026
770-979-5332
770-921-4125
678-838-7013
770-739-1121
770-482-1457
404-376-4984
770-482-7676
678-583-1240
770-914-5007
770-466-2002
478-625-7757
770-944-4853
678-398-8614
478-788-4233
478-745-6324
478-765-2256
478-238-4474
478-477-5580
478-474-2396
478-477-0204
478-784-0401
478-744-0032
706-342-4120
706-846-2326
770-425-8768
770-428-1982
770-973-1125
770-565-8663
770-579-7074
770-998-3774
770-955-8833
770-421-0722
770-424-4379
770-955-3486
706-860-1481
706-860-0644
706-860-7949
770-957-2371
770-914-3021
770-898-1016
678-432-5610
678-583-6757
229-868-7088
912-685-4663
706-561-1005
912-880-2120
478-452-1312
478-452-9611
478-982-5106
770-267-4668
478-472-9990
770-968-2812
770-603-3020
229-985-6622
229-686-5353
770-254-1068
770-253-4326
770-502-9585
678-423-1460
770-723-6204
770-564-3895
770-263-0506
770-449-5359
770-441-7634
404-638-6838
770-463-9919
770-631-0831
770-486-3800
912-653-2718
478-987-9587
478-218-2850
912-748-5441
912-450-0211

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
JOHN PALMACCIO
JOHN PALMACCIO
JIM J ABEDI
DANESHA D SMITH
GEORGE SUAREZ
DONNIE K GRINER
KATHERINE BOOTH MORRISON
EDWIN G STANBERRY
EDWIN G STANBERRY
EDWIN G STANBERRY
JOHN PALMACCIO
JOHN PALMACCIO
ALEX GOODWIN
JOHNNY HURT
BRUCE P VINEYARD, JR.
JAMES D AARON, JR.
ASHLEY MINOR
JAMES D AARON, JR.
JAMES D AARON, JR.
ALEXANDRU BAIDOC
ALEXANDRU BAIDOC
O STEVE AKINBORO
O STEVE AKINBORO
MIKESH A PATEL
MARK A MINES
DANESHA D SMITH
A CARTER EUBANK
A CARTER EUBANK
AARON CARTER EUBANK
JOHN PALMACCIO
JOHN PALMACCIO
JOHN PALMACCIO
JOHN PALMACCIO
JOHN PALMACCIO
JOHN PALMACCIO
JOHN PALMACCIO
JOHN PALMACCIO
JOHN PALMACCIO
JOHN PALMACCIO
VICKI CHANCELLOR
JIM J ABEDI
RICHARD B HOFF
RICHARD B HOFF
JOHNNY HURT
JOHNNY HURT
BRUCE P VINEYARD, JR.
KATHERINE BOOTH MORRISON
JAMES BOOTH
JAMES BOOTH
LYNN V MILLER
LYNN V MILLER
LYNN V MILLER
LYNN V MILLER
JOHNNY HURT
DJ MITCHELL
DJ MITCHELL
DREW B MULLER
KEITH B MULLER
ROBERT W SWOSZOWSKI
JAMES D AARON, JR.
MANUEL ABREU
LUKE T MULLER
ROBERT W SWOSZOWSKI
DONTE CLEAVES
DONNIE K GRINER
JAMES BOOTH
GEORGE SUAREZ
DAVID NEISLER
STARLA S RIDDICK
RAPHAEL A VAZQUEZ
JOHN B RITCHEY, JR.
WENDELL C MORGAN
WENDELL C MORGAN
WENDELL C MORGAN
KARLA MEDINA
DAVID L BLEDSOE
MANUEL ABREU
DJ MITCHELL
ANTHONY ALBERT GREENWOOD
GABRIEL M RODRIGUEZ
GABRIEL M RODRIGUEZ
GABRIEL M RODRIGUEZ
GABRIEL M RODRIGUEZ
OSCAR A RODRIGUEZ
OSCAR A RODRIGUEZ
DONNIE K GRINER
ANTHONY ALBERT GREENWOOD
DAVID NEISLER
O STEVE AKINBORO
DONNIE K GRINER

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
1585 POOLER PARKWAY, POOLER, GA 31322
7001 HWY 21, PORT WENTWORTH, GA 31407
4021 POWDER SPRINGS RD, POWDER SPRINGS, GA 30127
5115 DALLAS HWY, POWDER SPRINGS, GA 30127
902 W SCREVEN ST, QUITMAN, GA 31643
108 E BRAZELL STREET, REIDSVILLE, GA 30453
35 MONTAGUE STREET, RICEBORO, GA 31323
4454 US HWY 17, RICHMOND HILL, GA 31324
8436 FORD AVE, RICHMOND HILL, GA 31324
12100 HWY 144 E, RICHMOND HILL, GA 31324
427 SOUTH COLUMBIA STREET, RINCON, GA 31326
2600 GA HWY 21, RINCON, GA 31326
5471 ALABAMA HWY, RINGGOLD, GA 30736-2439
6745 GEORGIA HWY 85, RIVERDALE, GA 30274
7480 OLD NATIONAL HWY, RIVERDALE, GA 30296
1050 NATHAN DEAN BYP, ROCKMART, GA 30153
2215 SHORTER AVE, ROME, GA 30165
1504 TURNER MCCALL BLVD, ROME, GA 30161
2847 MARTHA BERRY BLVD, ROME, GA 30165
591 HOLCOMB BRIDGE RD, ROSWELL, GA 30075
600 WEST CROSSVILLE ROAD, ROSWELL, GA 30075
1465 HOLCOMB BRIDGE RD, ROSWELL, GA 30076
970 MANSELL RD (WM #1578), ROSWELL, GA 30076
2224 WEST MAIN STREET, ROYSTON, GA 30662
702 S HARRIS, SANDERSVILLE, GA 31082-1703
6049 ROSWELL RD NE, SANDY SPRINGS, GA 30328
475 JOHNNY MERCER BLVD, SAVANNAH, GA 31410
4735 US HWY 80 E, SAVANNAH, GA 31410
246 W BROUGHTON STREET, SAVANNAH, GA 31401
2701 MONTGOMERY ST, SAVANNAH, GA 31405
13100 ABERCORN ST EXT, SAVANNAH, GA 31419
6740 WATERS AVENUE, SAVANNAH, GA 31406-2718
2025 SKIDAWAY, SAVANNAH, GA 31404
4306 OGEECHEE ROAD, SAVANNAH, GA 31405
1 A GATEWAY BLVD E, SAVANNAH, GA 31419
600 E DERENNE AVE, SAVANNAH, GA 31405
7979 WHITE BLUFF ROAD, SAVANNAH, GA 31406
5724 OGEECHEE ROAD, SAVANNAH, GA 31405
1941 E MONTGOMERY CROSS ROAD, SAVANNAH, GA 31406
2907 HWY 85, SENOIA, GA 30276
5150 S COBB DR, SMYRNA, GA 30082
2591 SPRING RD, SMYRNA, GA 30080
3260 S COBB DRIVE, SMYRNA, GA 30080
2684 MAIN ST W, SNELLVILLE, GA 30278
1915 SCENIC HWY N, SNELLVILLE, GA 30078
3460 GEORGIA HIGHWAY 124, SNELLVILLE, GA 30278
2303 DEMERE RD, ST SIMONS, GA 31522
460 NORTHSIDE DRIVE E, STATESBORO, GA 30458
810 ARCHWAY DRIVE, STATESBORO, GA 30458
3825 HWY 138, STOCKBRIDGE, GA 30281
1473 HUDSON BRIDGE RD, STOCKBRIDGE, GA 30281
835 HIGHWAY 138 W, STOCKBRIDGE, GA 30281
110 EAGLES LANDING PKWY, STOCKBRIDGE, GA 30281
5225 HIGHWAY 78, STONE MOUNTAIN, GA 30087-3414
1198 S HAIRSTON RD, STONE MOUNTAIN, GA 30088
919 N HAIRSTON ROAD, STONE MOUNTAIN, GA 30083-2801
370 NORTH DESHON ROAD, STONE MOUNTAIN, GA 30087
456 S STONE MOUNTAIN LITHONIA RD, STONE MOUNTAIN, GA 30087
6005 CUMMING HWY, SUGAR HILL, GA 30518
11240 HWY 27, SUMMERVILLE, GA 30747
1125 PEACHTREE INDUSTRIAL RD, SUWANEE, GA 30024
3226 LAWRENCEVILLE-SUWANEE ROAD, SUWANEE, GA 30024
3650 PEACHTREE PKWY, SUWANEE, GA 30174
1050 OLD PEACHTREE ROAD, SUWANEE, GA 30043
506 S MAIN ST, SWAINSBORO, GA 30401
410 W OGEECHEE, SYLVANIA, GA 30467
617 E FRANKLIN ST, SYLVESTER, GA 31791
593 CARROLLTON STREET, TEMPLE, GA 30179
1099 HWY 19 N, THOMASTON, GA 30286
1680 E JACKSON ST, THOMASVILLE, GA 31792
1940 WASHINGTON ROAD, THOMSON, GA 30824
824 EAST 2ND STREET, TIFTON, GA 31794-4256
1816 TIFT AVE N, TIFTON, GA 31794-3542
2002 US HWY 82 WEST, TIFTON, GA 31793
1257 BIG A ROAD, TOCCOA, GA 30577
5316 GA HWY 136 W, TRENTON, GA 30752
4021 LAWRENCEVILLE HIGHWAY, TUCKER, GA 30084-4620
1949 MOUNTAIN INDUSTRIAL BOULEVARD, TUCKER, GA 30084
4605 JONESBORO RD, UNION CITY, GA 30291
1177 N SAINT AUGUSTINE RD, VALDOSTA, GA 31601
715 S PATTERSON ST, VALDOSTA, GA 31601
4109 BEMISS RD, VALDOSTA, GA 31605-7846
4185 N VALDOSTA RD, VALDOSTA, GA 31602
2102 NORTH ASHLEY ST, VALDOSTA, GA 31602-2607
1840 WEST HILL AVE, VALDOSTA, GA 31601-5154
806 E 1ST ST, VIDALIA, GA 30474
29 VICTORY LANE, VIENNA, GA 31092
2480 MIRROR LAKE BLVD, VILLA RICA, GA 30180
116 CARROLLTON VILLA RICA HWY, VILLA RICA, GA 30180
1879 WATSON BLVD, WARNER ROBINS, GA 31093

38

TELEPHONE
912-710-8455
912-963-0073
770-439-6031
770-425-8173
229-263-5477
912-557-1197
912-884-2337
912-445-0312
912-756-5024
912-756-2218
912-826-0137
912-658-4936
706-935-2233
770-997-6510
770-907-7505
770-684-0028
706-234-0622
706-235-6445
706-234-1080
770-992-2974
770-992-6121
770-650-9533
770-650-9950
706-245-7347
478-552-0700
404-252-1421
912-897-4220
912-897-3550
912-233-7121
912-233-5508
912-927-0876
912-356-1219
912-234-1649
912-233-3266
912-961-0802
912-352-3481
912-961-1878
912-236-6594
912-401-0734
770-599-9135
404-792-0076
770-432-0374
678-305-9728
770-972-0259
770-982-6233
770-985-6930
912-638-3139
912-489-4050
912-681-2129
770-389-4431
678-289-5335
678-289-0988
770-389-5045
770-469-3305
404-296-0606
404-292-5450
770-465-0665
770-498-6747
770-932-0480
706-857-4343
678-482-0054
678-546-3345
770-623-4222
678-518-5288
478-237-2860
912-564-0023
229-776-6245
770-562-2669
706-648-6050
229-226-8860
706-595-6135
229-386-5829
229-382-5022
229-386-4687
706-886-6111
706-657-7984
770-723-0700
770-414-4286
770-863-8334
229-671-9902
229-671-9908
229-671-9940
229-242-8444
229-671-9833
229-671-9883
912-537-8500
229-268-4916
770-456-2652
770-459-2128
478-922-6960

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
DONNIE K GRINER
DONNIE K GRINER
DONNIE K GRINER
JOHN B RITCHEY, JR.
PAUL J MESSER, III
COLE MORRISON
COLE MORRISON
JOHN PALMACCIO
LYNN MESSER-HAWKINS
DREW B MULLER
DREW B MULLER
LUKE T MULLER
LUKE T MULLER
JOHN B RITCHEY, JR.
JOSE C AYUYU
JOSE C AYUYU
JOSE C AYUYU
JOE E AYUYU, JR.
JOSE C AYUYU
JOE E AYUYU, JR.
GLENN WAKI
GLENN WAKI
DARLENE YOSHIMOTO CHUNG
ANGELA Y BALLARD
MILES Y ICHINOSE
GRELYN ROSARIO
PATRICK LIM
PATRICK LIM
PATRICK LIM
ANGELA Y BALLARD
MILES Y ICHINOSE
VICTOR LIM
VICTOR LIM
GLENN WAKI
GLENN WAKI
GLENN WAKI
GLENN WAKI
ERLINDA ROSARIO
GRELYN ROSARIO
GRELYN ROSARIO
VICTOR LIM
VINCENT LIM
PATRICK LIM
PATRICK LIM
PATRICK LIM
DAVID LIM
GRELYN ROSARIO
DARLENE YOSHIMOTO CHUNG
EDWARD C YAMAMURA
EDWARD C YAMAMURA
EDWARD C YAMAMURA
PATRICK LIM
PATRICK LIM
DIANE K SUMIDA
GRELYN ROSARIO
GRELYN ROSARIO
GRELYN ROSARIO
DARLENE YOSHIMOTO CHUNG
ERLINDA ROSARIO
ANGELA Y BALLARD
PATRICK LIM
ANGELA Y BALLARD
EDWARD C YAMAMURA
EDWARD C YAMAMURA
DIANE K SUMIDA
DIANE K SUMIDA
DIANE K SUMIDA
VICTOR LIM
MILES Y ICHINOSE
MILES Y ICHINOSE
MILES Y ICHINOSE
JOHN Y JO
BRIAN J DOUGLAS
BRIAN J DOUGLAS
CASEY NEWMAN
BRIAN J DOUGLAS
DAVID G ROBERTS
DAVID G ROBERTS
DAVID G ROBERTS
STEVEN LEONARD
AUSTIN SMITH
JOSEPH G STEINKE
JOSEPH G STEINKE
MICHELLE G MANN CASTON
MICHELLE G MANN CASTON
SCOTT SOIFER
SCOTT SOIFER
SCOTT SOIFER
SCOTT SOIFER
STEVEN R MATHSON

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
123 RUSSELL PKY, WARNER ROBINS, GA 31088
3133 WATSON BLVD, WARNER ROBINS, GA 31093
3000 RUSSELL PARKWAY, WARNER ROBINS, GA 31088
1018 E ROBERT TOOMBS AVE, WASHINGTON, GA 30673
2063 EXPERIMENT STATION RD, WATKINSVILLE, GA 30677
2304 MEMORIAL DR, WAYCROSS, GA 31501
1738 S GEORGIA PKWY W, WAYCROSS, GA 31501
1400 LIBERTY ST, WAYNESBORO, GA 30830
8 N BROAD STREET, WINDER, GA 30680
9961 HWY 92, WOODSTOCK, GA 30188
2105 TOWNELAKE PKY, WOODSTOCK, GA 30189
12156 HIGHWAY 92, WOODSTOCK, GA 30188
931 RIDGEWALK PARKWAY, WOODSTOCK, GA 30076
205 N MAIN ST, WRENS, GA 30833
384 WEST ROUTE 8, BARRIGADA, GU 96913
1901 ROUTE 16, DEDEDO, GU 96913
389 RT 4, HAGATNA, GU 96910-4340
485 S ROUTE 10, MANGILAO, GU 96923
185 S MARINE DR, TAMUNING, GU 96913
435 ROUTE 1 MARINE CORPS DRIVE, YIGO, GU 96929
99-115 AIEA HTS DRIVE, AIEA, HI 96701-3924
98-147 KAMEHAMEHA HWY, AIEA, HI 96701
4469 WAIALO RD, ELEELE, HI 96705
91-1051 KEAUNUI DR, EWA BEACH, HI 96706
91-919 FT WEAVER ROAD, EWA BEACH, HI 96706-2257
66-457 KAM HWY, HALEIWA, HI 96712
2100 KANOELEHUA AVE, HILO, HI 96720
325 E MAKAALA ST (WM #2473), HILO, HI 96720
255 KINOOLE ST, HILO, HI 96720
881 FREDRICK ST (JOINT BASE), HONOLULU, HI 96818
2915 E MANOA RD, HONOLULU, HI 96822
1778 ALA MOANA BLVD, HONOLULU, HI 96815-1605
1101 FORT STREET MALL, HONOLULU, HI 96813
820 W HIND DR, HONOLULU, HI 96821
4618 KILAUEA AVE, HONOLULU, HI 96816
4561 SALT LAKE BLVD, HONOLULU, HI 96818
377 KEAHOLE STREET, HONOLULU, HI 96825
155 PUUNENE AVE, KAHULUI, HI 96732-2403
340 DAIRY RD, KAHULUI, HI 96732
101 PAKAULA ST (WM #3290), KAHULUI, HI 96732
406 KUULEI RD, KAILUA, HI 96734
1058 KEOLU DR, KAILUA, HI 96734-3845
75-5729 KUAKINI HWY, KAILUA KONA, HI 96740
75-1015 HENRY ST (WM #2321), KAILUA KONA, HI 96740-1681
74-5453 MAKALA BLVD, KAILUA-KONA, HI 96740
65-1154 MAMALAHOA HWY, KAMUELA, HI 96743-2130
47-250 HUI IWA STREET, KANEOHE, HI 96744
4-0771 KUHIO HWY, KAPAA, HI 96746
91-590 FARRINGTON HWY, KAPOLEI, HI 96707
91-600 FARRINGTON HWY (WM #3883), KAPOLEI, HI 96707
4600 KAPOLEI PARKWAY, KAPOLEI, HI 96707
16-565 OLD VOLCANO ROAD, KEAAU, HI 96749
81-6655 MAMALAHOA HWY, KEALAKEKUA, HI 96750
1214 S KIHEI RD, KIHEI, HI 96753
885 WAINEE ST, LAHAINA, HI 96761
4403 HONOAPIILANI HWY, LAHAINA, HI 96761-9255
55-442 KAMEHAMEHA HIGHWAY, LAIE, HI 96762
3-3113 KUHIO HWY, LIHUE, HI 96766
3320 OLD HALEAKALA HWY, MAKAWAO, HI 96768
95-550 LANIKUHANA AVE (WM #2126), MILILANI, HI 96789
15-2714 PAHOA VILLAGE RD, PAHOA, HI 96778
1131 KUALA STREET (WM #5274), PEARL CITY, HI 96782
85-770 FARRINGTON HIGHWAY, WAIANAE, HI 96792
87-2028 FARRINGTON HIGHWAY, WAIANAE, HI 96792
2138 MAIN ST, WAILUKU, HI 96793
790 EHA ST, WAILUKU, HI 96793
105 KEHALANI VILLAGE DRIVE, WAILUKU, HI 96793
41-1033 KALANIANAOLE HWY, WAIMANALO, HI 96795
94-1015 KA UKA BLVD, WAIPAHU, HI 96797
94-595 KAPUOHI ST (WM #2314), WAIPAHU, HI 96797
94-212 LEOKU ST, WAIPAHU, HI 96797
1321 HWY 169 N, ALGONA, IA 50511-1006
2951 ADVENTURELAND DR, ALTOONA, IA 50009-9571
3734 8TH ST SW, ALTOONA, IA 50009
160 CHAMBER DR, ANAMOSA, IA 52205
3525 NW STATE STREET, ANKENY, IA 50023
401 ANKENY BLVD, ANKENY, IA 50023
2502 SE DELAWARE AVE, ANKENY, IA 50021
2625 SW STATE STREET, ANKENY, IA 50021
1510 E 7TH ST, ATLANTIC, IA 50022-1907
5221 COMPETITION DR, BETTENDORF, IA 52722
852 MIDDLE RD, BETTENDORF, IA 52722
2185 53RD AVE, BETTENDORF, IA 52722
1725 ROOSEVELT RD, BURLINGTON, IA 52601-2320
900 WELLSHIRE DRIVE, BURLINGTON, IA 52601
2515 MAIN ST, CEDAR FALLS, IA 50613-5124
610 W 1ST ST, CEDAR FALLS, IA 50613-2616
326 BRANDILYNN BLVD, CEDAR FALLS, IA 50613
698 GRAIN LANE, CENTER POINT, IA 52213
1000 N 18TH ST, CENTERVILLE, IA 52544

39

TELEPHONE
478-923-4655
478-971-4775
478-953-9068
706-678-3773
706-769-9225
912-285-7128
912-548-0715
706-554-0143
770-867-6623
770-591-8074
770-928-8510
770-924-6912
678-494-0736
706-547-4080
671-472-2578
671-646-8475
671-477-9133
000-000-0000
671-646-4052
671-653-8740
808-483-4759
808-483-1785
808-335-0301
808-683-0021
808-689-8787
808-637-6106
808-959-6462
808-934-7200
808-935-9092
808-422-2795
808-988-2219
808-973-2354
808-532-1596
808-377-5101
808-260-1243
808-483-4750
808-395-9844
808-871-2198
808-877-6498
808-877-5345
808-266-4720
808-266-4724
808-329-3803
808-334-0848
808-327-1156
808-885-8824
808-239-7774
808-822-7290
808-674-0767
808-674-8107
808-674-4010
808-966-8812
808-322-3364
808-879-0627
808-667-2681
808-669-0032
808-425-4667
808-245-6123
808-572-1331
808-625-0583
808-966-8812
808-453-4605
808-696-6111
808-668-4700
808-244-8211
808-244-4682
808-244-8844
808-259-8848
808-676-5944
808-688-0990
808-671-0881
515-575-5043
515-967-3344
515-957-8225
319-462-3589
515-996-0028
515-964-5001
515-965-5545
515-289-1153
712-243-1901
563-551-7012
563-355-7271
563-332-7735
319-753-2111
319-754-8279
319-266-6330
319-266-0677
319-277-1494
319-849-1325
641-437-4354

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
SCOTT SOIFER
CHARLES MCKAY
AARON W SMITH
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
GLENN J KARPINSKE
GLENN J KARPINSKE
STEVEN R MATHSON
DUSTIN J DARMODY
DUSTIN J DARMODY
DUSTIN J DARMODY
JOHN Y JO
JOSEPH G STEINKE
JOSEPH G STEINKE
JOSEPH G STEINKE
JOSEPH G STEINKE
JOSEPH G STEINKE
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
JOHN Y JO
BRIAN J DOUGLAS
BRIAN J DOUGLAS
STEVEN R MATHSON
STEVEN R MATHSON
STEVEN R MATHSON
STEVEN R MATHSON
STEVEN R MATHSON
STEVEN R MATHSON
DAVID G ROBERTS
DAVID G ROBERTS
DAVID G ROBERTS
DAVID G ROBERTS
GLENN J KARPINSKE
LORRIE GORICHS
LORRIE GORICHS
LORRIE GORICHS
LORRIE GORICHS
GLENN J KARPINSKE
JOSEPH G STEINKE
SCOTT SOIFER
MICHELLE G MANN CASTON
JOHN Y JO
JOHN Y JO
MICHELLE G MANN CASTON
AARON W SMITH
BRIAN J DOUGLAS
BRIAN J DOUGLAS
SCOTT SOIFER
SCOTT SOIFER
STEVEN R MATHSON
SCOTT SOIFER
STEVEN R MATHSON
EMILY MAST
STEVEN R MATHSON
AUSTIN SMITH
MARK WHEELDON
GLENN J KARPINSKE
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
STEVEN LEONARD
MICHELLE G MANN CASTON
SCOTT SOIFER
BRIAN J DOUGLAS
BRIAN J DOUGLAS
STEVEN R MATHSON
SCOTT SOIFER
CHARLES MCKAY
CHARLES MCKAY
JOHN Y JO
STEVEN R MATHSON
MICHELLE G MANN CASTON
MICHELLE G MANN CASTON
STEVEN R MATHSON
STEVEN R MATHSON
DAVID G ROBERTS
AARON W SMITH
BLAKE E ZOGLEMAN
DUSTIN J DARMODY
JAMES W WAGY
DUSTIN J DARMODY
MARK WHEELDON
MARK WHEELDON
MARK WHEELDON
MARK WHEELDON
MARK WHEELDON
MARK WHEELDON
DUSTIN J DARMODY
DUSTIN J DARMODY
STEVEN R MATHSON
STEVEN R MATHSON
SCOTT SOIFER
SCOTT SOIFER

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
506 ALLISON STREET, CHARLES CITY, IA 50616-3709
1500 N 2ND ST, CHEROKEE, IA 51012
1202 S 16TH ST, CLARINDA, IA 51632-2919
2 PLAZA DR, CLEAR LAKE, IA 50428-2031
729 N 2ND ST, CLINTON, IA 52732-3837
1804 LINCOLN WAY, CLINTON, IA 52732
11400 FOREST LN, CLIVE, IA 50325-7031
251 BENNETT AVE, COUNCIL BLUFFS, IA 51503
1607 W BROADWAY, COUNCIL BLUFFS, IA 51501-3821
610 30TH AVE, COUNCIL BLUFFS, IA 51501
608 WYOMING AVE, CRESTON, IA 50801-3436
3102 W LOCUST, DAVENPORT, IA 52804-3348
1733 E KIMBERLY RD, DAVENPORT, IA 52804
2110 W KIMBERLY RD, DAVENPORT, IA 52806-5368
5002 WELCOME WAY, DAVENPORT, IA 52806
7522 NORTHWEST BLVD, DAVENPORT, IA 52806
915 SHORT ST, DECORAH, IA 52101-2412
500 HWY 39 N, DENISON, IA 51442
3002 FOREST AVE, DES MOINES, IA 50311
2540 E UNIVERSITY AVE, DES MOINES, IA 50317
6125 GRAND AVE, DES MOINES, IA 50312-1418
3610 MERLE HAY ROAD, DES MOINES, IA 50310-1245
4825 MERLE HAY RD, DES MOINES, IA 50322
3275 EUCLID AVE E, DES MOINES, IA 50317-3845
1345 E EUCLID, DES MOINES, IA 50316-1259
601 UNIVERSITY AVE, DES MOINES, IA 50314
3000 SE 14TH ST, DES MOINES, IA 50320
4201 FLEUR DR, DES MOINES, IA 50309
710 ARMY POST RD, DES MOINES, IA 50309
1404 DES MOINES ST, DES MOINES, IA 50316
1720 11TH ST, DEWITT, IA 52742
1915 JOHN F KENNEDY RD, DUBUQUE, IA 52002-3813
620 IOWA ST, DUBUQUE, IA 52001-4836
2250 FLINT HILL DR, DUBUQUE, IA 52003-7993
2060 HOLLIDAY DRIVE, DUBUQUE, IA 52002
1510 9TH STREET SE, DYERSVILLE, IA 52040
621 E LECLAIRE RD, ELDRIDGE, IA 52748
350 EVANSDALE DR, EVANSDALE, IA 50707
1705 W BURLINGTON AVE, FAIRFIELD, IA 52556
2509 5TH AVE S, FORT DODGE, IA 50501-5552
107 AVE O W, FORT DODGE, IA 50501
3402 AVE L, FORT MADISON, IA 52627-3455
1200 S LOCUST ST, GLENWOOD, IA 51534
101 GATEWAY DR, GRIMES, IA 50111
706 WEST ST, GRINNELL, IA 50112
411 CENTRAL AVENUE E, HAMPTON, IA 50441
2339 JAMESTOWN AVE, INDEPENDENCE, IA 50644
1207 N JEFFERSON, INDIANOLA, IA 50125-1455
412 N OAK ST, IOWA FALLS, IA 50126
5494 NW 86TH ST, JOHNSTON, IA 50131
1407 MAIN ST, KEOKUK, IA 52632
1406 S LINCOLN, KNOXVILLE, IA 50138-3425
1403 EAGLE RIDGE RD, LE CLAIRE, IA 52753
1001 HAWKEYE AVE SW, LE MARS, IA 51031
1019 W PLATT ST, MAQUOKETA, IA 52060-2041
1651 4TH STREET SW, MASON CITY, IA 50401-1602
2010 SOUTH FEDERAL AVENUE, MASON CITY, IA 50401
100 N WILLOW ROAD, MISSOURI VALLEY, IA 51555
700 WOHLLEBER DRIVE, MOUNT PLEASANT, IA 52641
729 W MILWAUKEE ST, NEW HAMPTON, IA 50659
726 1ST AVENUE E, NEWTON, IA 50208-3306
4400 SOUTH 22ND AVE E, NEWTON, IA 50208
2901 SUNSET, NORWALK, IA 50211
1 1ST AVE SE, OELWEIN, IA 50662
1006 STAKEOUT ROAD, OKOBOJI, IA 51355
2720 IOWA AVE N, ONAWA, IA 51040
1220 JEFFREYS DR, OSCEOLA, IA 50213-9802
703 A AVE W, OSKALOOSA, IA 52577-2031
222 RICHMOND ST, OTTUMWA, IA 52501-4226
2441 NORTHGATE DR, OTTUMWA, IA 52501-1117
309 OSKALOOSA ST, PELLA, IA 50219
325 1ST ST, PERRY, IA 50220-1933
1055 SHERRYLYNN BLVD, PLEASANT HILL, IA 50317
1501 NORTH BROADWAY STREET, RED OAK, IA 51566
33300 385TH ST, SHELBY, IA 51570
101 34TH AVE, SHELDON, IA 51201
504 S FREMONT, SHENANDOAH, IA 51601-1508
1212 N MAIN AVE, SIOUX CENTER, IA 51250
3093 HAMILTON BLVD, SIOUX CITY, IA 51104-2407
4105 MORNINGSIDE AVE, SIOUX CITY, IA 51106-2945
607 LEWIS BLVD, SIOUX CITY, IA 51102
2816 SINGING HILLS BLVD, SIOUX CITY, IA 51111-1034
729 HAMILTON BLVD, SIOUX CITY, IA 51103
5707 SUNNYBROOK DR, SIOUX CITY, IA 51106
701 11TH ST SW, SPENCER, IA 51301
800 SENECA STREET, STORM LAKE, IA 50588
120 SE 7TH ST, STUART, IA 50250
4900 NW URBANDALE DR, URBANDALE, IA 50322-6337
308 K AVENUE SOUTH, VINTON, IA 52349
1709 LAPORTE RD, WATERLOO, IA 50702-2717

40

TELEPHONE
641-228-1020
712-221-8338
712-542-5617
641-357-6502
563-243-2229
563-242-4455
515-222-1982
712-328-0040
712-322-0705
712-366-0514
641-508-0003
563-386-9355
563-355-6208
563-388-0595
563-386-3836
563-823-0840
563-382-9406
712-423-4441
515-279-7170
515-261-3555
515-255-2543
515-276-1525
515-276-1968
515-265-5695
515-262-4343
515-243-3848
515-243-1137
515-285-8884
515-256-7383
515-564-0716
563-659-2730
563-582-9608
563-556-7437
563-583-8286
563-582-6225
563-875-7600
563-285-6233
319-235-5599
641-472-4266
515-417-3799
515-417-3719
319-372-5729
712-527-5726
515-986-9182
641-236-0920
641-456-4122
319-334-4269
515-962-5043
641-648-3244
515-331-0250
319-524-2005
641-828-8444
563-289-4801
712-546-8519
563-652-6500
641-423-0417
641-423-6710
712-642-2711
319-385-4266
641-394-4057
641-792-1205
641-792-5050
515-256-2692
319-283-3425
712-332-7983
712-854-1227
515-468-6033
641-673-9791
641-682-4116
641-682-6345
641-628-8004
515-465-9370
515-263-3400
712-623-2098
712-207-2220
712-324-2063
712-246-5415
712-722-3031
712-255-4772
712-276-6795
712-252-2411
712-252-5062
712-258-7147
712-276-2977
712-580-8864
712-732-8168
515-523-2358
515-276-5750
319-472-2117
319-232-7719

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
SCOTT SOIFER
SCOTT SOIFER
SCOTT SOIFER
STEVEN R MATHSON
DAVID G ROBERTS
SCOTT SOIFER
JOHN Y JO
STEVEN R MATHSON
STEVEN R MATHSON
DAVID G ROBERTS
JOHN Y JO
TRENT CICHOS
PARKER CICHOS
RYAN WILLIAM KYLE
MICHAEL ALEXANDER
MICHAEL ALEXANDER
MICHAEL ALEXANDER
MICHAEL ALEXANDER
MICHAEL ALEXANDER
RICHARD M DARMODY
RICHARD M DARMODY, JR.
RICHARD M DARMODY, JR.
RICHARD M DARMODY, JR.
RICHARD M DARMODY, JR.
RICHARD M DARMODY, JR.
DARREN JAMES KYLE
DARREN JAMES KYLE
RICHARD M DARMODY, JR.
RICHARD M DARMODY, JR.
JAMESON JOHNSON
MARK J RAY, JR.
MARK J RAY, JR.
MARK J RAY, JR.
MICHAEL ALEXANDER
RICHARD M DARMODY, JR.
MICHAEL ALEXANDER
RYAN WILLIAM KYLE
RYAN WILLIAM KYLE
TRENT CICHOS
TRENT CICHOS
TRENT CICHOS
TRENT CICHOS
TRENT CICHOS
RYAN WILLIAM KYLE
TIM SKUBITZ
RICHARD M DARMODY, JR.
JOHN M MILLS
JOHN M MILLS
RICHARD M DARMODY, JR.
RICHARD M DARMODY, JR.
RICHARD M DARMODY, JR.
RICHARD M DARMODY, JR.
RICHARD M DARMODY, JR.
JOHN M MILLS
JOHN M MILLS
RYAN WILLIAM KYLE
RYAN WILLIAM KYLE
RICHARD M DARMODY, JR.
RICHARD M DARMODY, JR.
RICHARD M DARMODY, JR.
RICHARD M DARMODY, JR.
MELVIN J WATSON
JAMESON JOHNSON
JAMESON JOHNSON
TIM SKUBITZ
MARK J RAY, JR.
MARK J RAY, JR.
TIM SKUBITZ
TRENT CICHOS
TRENT CICHOS
MICHAEL ALEXANDER
DARREN JAMES KYLE
DARREN JAMES KYLE
DARREN JAMES KYLE
DARREN JAMES KYLE
MELVIN J WATSON
STEVEN FUNKHOUSER
JOHN M MORELAND
TRINA GENDRON
GUY T BUCCIFERRO, III
JOHN J DAKAJOS
BLAKE W LINDERS
MALCOLM R BOLD
MALCOLM R BOLD
BRADLEY SHORT
JAYME SCHENK
BLAKE W LINDERS
DAVID A BEAR
LAURA HERRERA
TANYA LAWRENCE

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
3658 KIMBALL AVE, WATERLOO, IA 50702-5731
2222 LOGAN AVE, WATERLOO, IA 50703
3695 UNIVERSITY AVE, WATERLOO, IA 50701
125 LAUREL ST, WAUKEE, IA 50263
2820 GRAND PRAIRIE PKWY, WAUKEE, IA 50263
1203 4TH STSW, WAVERLY, IA 50677
400 FAIR MEADOW DR, WEBSTER CITY, IA 50595-3161
1320 JORDAN CREEK PKWY, WEST DES MOINES, IA 50266
745 SOUTH 51ST STREET, WEST DES MOINES, IA 50265
1530 22ND ST, WEST DES MOINES, IA 50266
1318 N 1ST AVE, WINTERSET, IA 50273
1875 SOUTH 25TH EAST, AMMON, ID 83406
1275 PARKWAY DR, BLACKFOOT, ID 83221-1833
640 E US HWY 30, BLISS, ID 83314
7222 OVERLAND RD, BOISE, ID 83709
4825 NORTH GLENWOOD STREET, BOISE, ID 83714-1323
1375 SOUTH BROADWAY AVENUE, BOISE, ID 83706-3703
2510 FAIRVIEW AVE, BOISE, ID 83702
6190 SOUTH FIVE MILE ROAD, BOISE, ID 83709
6574 S FEDERAL WAY, BOISE, ID 83716
510 N ORCHARD, BOISE, ID 83704
7811 FAIRVIEW AVE, BOISE, ID 83704
1185 VISTA AVE, BOISE, ID 83705-2430
8571 W FRANKLIN RD, BOISE, ID 83709
9804 FAIRVIEW AVE, BOISE, ID 83704
706 US HWY 30, BUHL, ID 83316
394 N OVERLAND AVE, BURLEY, ID 83318-3433
2923 CLEVELAND BLVD, CALDWELL, ID 83605-4425
612 NORTH 10TH AVE, CALDWELL, ID 83605
4260 YELLOWSTONE AVENUE, CHUBBUCK, ID 83202-2400
208 APPLEWAY AVE, COEUR D ALENE, ID 83814
1325 W RIVERSTONE DRIVE, COEUR D ALENE, ID 83814
340 W HANLEY ST, COEUR D'ALENE, ID 83814
178 S EAGLE RD, EAGLE, ID 83616
1460 WEST CHINDEN BOULEVARD, EAGLE, ID 83646
1335 S WASHINGTON, EMMETT, ID 83617
2440 MAIN STREET, GOODING, ID 83330
720 N MAIN ST, HAILEY, ID 83333
650 E 17TH ST, IDAHO FALLS, ID 83401
1575 N GATE MILE, IDAHO FALLS, ID 83401
1485 W BROADWAY, IDAHO FALLS, ID 83402
6737 SOUTH 45TH WEST, IDAHO FALLS, ID 83402
3535 E AVALANCHE ST, IDAHO FALLS, ID 83401
2611 S LINCOLN ST, JEROME, ID 83338
820 W CAMERON, KELLOGG, ID 83837
1311 N MERIDIAN ROAD, KUNA, ID 83634
711 21ST STREET, LEWISTON, ID 83501-3322
119 THAIN ROAD, LEWISTON, ID 83501
195 E CENTRAL DR, MERIDIAN, ID 83642
1710 E FAIRVIEW AVE, MERIDIAN, ID 83642
3100 E MAGIC VIEW DR, MERIDIAN, ID 83642
3415 W CHERRY LANE, MERIDIAN, ID 83642
3251 E USTICK RD, MERIDIAN, ID 83646
1404 MOSCOW-PULLMAN HIGHWAY, MOSCOW, ID 83843
862 TROY ROAD, MOSCOW, ID 83843
755 AIR BASE RD, MOUNTAIN HOME, ID 83647
2840 AMERICAN LEGION BLVD, MOUNTAIN HOME, ID 83647
148 CALDWELL BLVD, NAMPA, ID 83651-2333
1108 12TH AVE RD, NAMPA, ID 83686-5739
4412 GARRITY BLVD, NAMPA, ID 83687
16801 N MARKETPLACE BLVD, NAMPA, ID 83687
1580 ELKHORN AVE, PAYETTE, ID 83661
831 YELLOWSTONE HWY, POCATELLO, ID 83201-4414
1011 S 5TH, POCATELLO, ID 83201-6636
205 BONNER MALL WAY, PONDERAY, ID 83852-9748
3820 W 5TH AVE, POST FALLS, ID 83854
1615 E SELTICE WAY, POST FALLS, ID 83854
7120 WEST MAIN ST, RATHDRUM, ID 83858
175 VALLEY RIVER DR, REXBURG, ID 83440
850 UNIVERSITY BLVD, REXBURG, ID 83440
10474 W STATE ST, STAR, ID 83669
305 BLUE LAKES BLVD N, TWIN FALLS, ID 83301-4828
869 POLE LINE RD, TWIN FALLS, ID 83301
110 ADDISON AVE WEST, TWIN FALLS, ID 83301
3234 KIMBERLY ROAD, TWIN FALLS, ID 83301
406 E MAIN ST, WEISER, ID 83672
501 W LAKE ST, ADDISON, IL 60101-2306
40 W MAIN ST, ALBION, IL 62806
1402 SE THIRD STREET, ALEDO, IL 61231
125 S RANDALL RD, ALGONQUIN, IL 60102
11850 SOUTH PULASKI AVENUE, ALSIP, IL 60803
1010 S MAIN, ALTAMONT, IL 62411
2400 HOMER ADAMS PKY, ALTON, IL 62002-5614
717 E BROADWAY, ALTON, IL 62002
510 E VIENNA, ANNA, IL 62906-2000
1150 MAIN STREET, ANTIOCH, IL 60002
550 E SPRINGFIELD RD, ARCOLA, IL 61910
15 E DUNDEE RD, ARLINGTON HEIGHTS, IL 60004-1539
1920 N ARLINGTON HEIGHTS RD, ARLINGTON HEIGHTS, IL 60004-3107
45 E GOLF RD, ARLINGTON HEIGHTS, IL 60005-4001

41

TELEPHONE
319-234-3517
319-233-9588
319-234-1107
515-987-3621
515-446-9783
319-352-6977
515-832-0081
515-226-9325
515-440-2849
515-226-8357
515-468-6005
208-542-6246
208-785-0810
208-352-1179
208-377-1808
208-323-1094
208-338-9110
208-344-9040
208-509-4962
208-368-9703
208-336-0711
208-376-4151
208-336-4110
208-375-0444
208-321-0922
208-543-5505
208-678-2230
208-454-2993
208-459-4085
208-237-2088
208-664-6315
208-664-5559
208-772-7740
208-938-0031
208-888-7999
208-365-1281
208-934-5010
208-788-5986
208-529-4608
208-524-2757
208-522-1621
208-542-4402
208-932-1298
208-324-5505
208-784-4431
208-922-4766
208-743-8181
208-746-3032
208-888-4348
208-887-1565
208-288-1687
208-884-0089
208-895-8484
208-882-2900
208-882-1953
208-587-8942
208-587-8650
208-467-2012
208-463-4077
208-466-9096
208-442-7844
208-812-0613
208-233-3642
208-232-8268
208-263-5614
208-773-9213
208-773-5435
208-687-5560
208-356-0060
208-356-6141
208-350-6357
208-734-5588
208-734-5585
208-733-0088
208-933-2030
208-549-1636
773-530-6462
618-445-4041
309-582-2359
847-658-8099
708-389-4949
618-483-5354
618-465-8911
618-465-7326
618-833-7922
847-395-3200
217-268-5020
847-749-3105
847-394-8676
847-427-8773

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
RICHARD C SCHMITT
RICHARD C SCHMITT
RICHARD C SCHMITT
RICHARD C SCHMITT
RICHARD C SCHMITT
RICHARD C SCHMITT
EDWARD H SCHMITT, JR.
EDWARD H SCHMITT, JR.
EDWARD H SCHMITT, JR.
EDWARD H SCHMITT, JR.
RICHARD F PRUCNAL
DAVID A BEAR
DERRICK TAYLOR
NATHAN PAPPAS
NATHAN PAPPAS
ANTHONY J LARDAS
WILLIAM H MCESSY
MICHAEL P KASPRZYK
LAWRENCE L LINMAN
STEPHANIE BISHOP
JAMES ESTEL WILLIAMS, JR.
JAMES ESTEL WILLIAMS, JR.
JAMES ESTEL WILLIAMS, JR.
GIANNA FUNKHOUSER
GUY T BUCCIFERRO, III
GUY T BUCCIFERRO, III
GUY T BUCCIFERRO, III
DENNIS CHA
CHRISTOPHER PRUCNAL
MICHAEL J MORELAND
JASON NELSON
PHILIP K FUENTES
JOHNNIE TOM
JOHNNIE TOM
MALCOLM R BOLD
DAVID A BEAR
EDGAR O HERRERA
MIKEL A PETRO
MIKEL A PETRO
MIKEL A PETRO
MIKEL A PETRO
MIKEL A PETRO
KATINA STEVENS-KAVOORAS
JOHN CARNAGIO
JOHN CARNAGIO
JOHN CARNAGIO
JOHN CARNAGIO
MARVIN SPENCE
DAVID GLENN EMBRY
JEFF JANCIK
JEFF JANCIK
JOHNNIE TOM
DENNIS CHA
DAVID A BEAR
RANDY CONN
BENJAMIN FREEMAN
GUY T BUCCIFERRO, III
JAMES ESTEL WILLIAMS, JR.
AKINS AKINNAGBE
SARGON MANDO
AKINS AKINNAGBE
NATHAN PAPPAS
STEPHANIE BISHOP
STEPHANIE BISHOP
JAMES ESTEL WILLIAMS, JR.
DAVID GLENN EMBRY
JOHN M MORELAND
RICHARD A O'KEEFE
GUY T BUCCIFERRO, III
STEPHANIE BISHOP
NONDAS J PLESIOTIS
NICHOLAS J KASPRZYK
STEPHANIE BISHOP
TINA SHORT
BLAKE W LINDERS
BLAKE W LINDERS
BLAKE W LINDERS
BLAKE W LINDERS
BLAKE W LINDERS
BLAKE W LINDERS
BLAKE W LINDERS
MARVIN SPENCE
MARVIN SPENCE
BLAKE W LINDERS
MICHAEL P KASPRZYK
RANDY CONN
JESSICA E LUCAS
SYNETHIA CURRY
SYNETHIA CURRY
AKINS AKINNAGBE

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
4440 FOX VALLEY SHCTR, AURORA, IL 60507
711 E NEW YORK ST, AURORA, IL 60505
425 N EOLA, AURORA, IL 60504
350 W GALENA BOULEVARD, AURORA, IL 60506
2230 S EOLA ROAD, AURORA, IL 60503
2095 W GALENA BLVD, AURORA, IL 60506
1023 N LAKE ST, AURORA, IL 60506-2415
1185 N FARNSWORTH, AURORA, IL 60505
2595 OGDEN AVE, AURORA, IL 60504
1505 BUTTERFIELD ROAD, AURORA, IL 60504
2587 WAUKEGAN ROAD, BANNOCKBURN, IL 60015
227 W NORTHWEST HWY, BARRINGTON, IL 60010-3168
791 S RT 59, BARTLETT, IL 60103
1205 W GARFIELD, BARTONVILLE, IL 61607-1748
5600 S WASHINGTON ST, BARTONVILLE, IL 61607
125 W WILSON, BATAVIA, IL 60510
39082 N SHERIDAN RD, BEACH PARK, IL 60099-3787
1 PLAZA STREET, BEARDSTOWN, IL 62618
901 DIXIE HIGHWAY, BEECHER, IL 60401
1153 N GREEN MOUNT RD, BELLEVILLE, IL 62221
125 S BELT EAST, BELLEVILLE, IL 62220
906 CARLYLE AVE, BELLEVILLE, IL 62221
7301 WESTFIELD PLZ, BELLEVILLE, IL 62222
520 25TH STREET, BELLWOOD, IL 60104
1313 N STATE ST, BELVIDERE, IL 61008-2002
I-90 BELVIDERE OASIS, BELVIDERE, IL 61008-9260
240 W CHYRSLER DR, BELVIDERE, IL 61008
302 W IRVING PARK ROAD, BENSENVILLE, IL 60106
630 N RT 83, BENSENVILLE, IL 60106
110 N CENTRAL STREET, BENTON, IL 62812
5707 ST CHARLES RD, BERKELEY, IL 60163-1113
7031 OGDEN AVE, BERWYN, IL 60402
7135 W ROOSEVELT RD, BERWYN, IL 60402
7181 W CERMAK RD, BERWYN, IL 60402-2103
2 PLAZA DRIVE, BETHALTO, IL 62010
72 STRATFORD SQUARE DR, BLOOMINGDALE, IL 60108-2201
101 E LAKE ST, BLOOMINGDALE, IL 60108
525 BROCK DR, BLOOMINGTON, IL 61701-2640
2507 E OAKLAND AVE, BLOOMINGTON, IL 61701
1610 E EMPIRE, BLOOMINGTON, IL 61701
2410 S MAIN, BLOOMINGTON, IL 61701
3102 E EMPIRE STREET, BLOOMINGTON, IL 61704
11920 S WESTERN AVE, BLUE ISLAND, IL 60406-1117
840 E BOUGHTON ROAD, BOLINGBROOK, IL 60440
575 MAIN ST NW, BOURBONNAIS, IL 60914-2305
2050 N STATE ROAD 50, BOURBONNAIS, IL 60914
1180 N KINZIE AVE, BRADLEY, IL 60915-1237
285 W FRONT ST, BRAIDWOOD, IL 60408
681 N 12TH STREET, BREESE, IL 62230
7920 WEST 79TH ST, BRIDGEVIEW, IL 60455
7701 SOUTH HARLEM, BRIDGEVIEW, IL 60455
8611 S HARLEM AVENUE, BRIDGEVIEW, IL 60455
6200 BROADVIEW VILLAGE SQUARE, BROADVIEW, IL 60155
1200 N ARLINGTON HEIGHTS RD, BUFFALO GROVE, IL 60089
5355 W 79TH ST, BURBANK, IL 60459-1452
9101 S KINGERY HWY, BURR RIDGE, IL 60527
105 N UNION STREET, BYRON, IL 61010
1110 CAMP JACKSON RD, CAHOKIA, IL 62206-2230
656 RIVER OAKS DR, CALUMET CITY, IL 60409-5712
2004 SIBLEY BLVD, CALUMET CITY, IL 60409-2115
12700 S ASHLAND, CALUMET PARK, IL 60827
10 E SYCAMORE, CANTON, IL 61520-1267
1396 E MAIN ST, CARBONDALE, IL 62901-3155
1920 S ILLINOIS AVE, CARBONDALE, IL 62901
733 W MAIN, CARLINVILLE, IL 62626-1259
18010 WILLIAM RD, CARLYLE, IL 62231
1300 W MAIN ST / RT 4 BOX 15, CARMI, IL 62821-1376
1335 COUNTY FARM RD, CAROL STREAM, IL 60188
2290 RANDALL RD, CARPENTERSVILLE, IL 60110
400 E PLAZA DR, CARTERVILLE, IL 62918
678 NORTHWEST HWY, CARY, IL 60013
940 N RTE 49, CASEY, IL 62420
1 RAUCKMAN DRIVE, CASEYVILLE, IL 62232
810 E BROADWAY, CENTRALIA, IL 62801-3327
1605 S NEIL, CHAMPAIGN, IL 61820-7250
501 NORTH MATTIS, CHAMPAIGN, IL 61821
1812 N NEIL, CHAMPAIGN, IL 61820-7817
2909 W KIRBY AVE, CHAMPAIGN, IL 61820
4910 N MARKET STREET, CHAMPAIGN, IL 61820
906 BLOOMINGTON ROAD, CHAMPAIGN, IL 61821
616 E GREEN ST, CHAMPAIGN, IL 61820
24061 W EAMES, CHANNAHON, IL 60410
26953 WEST EAMES, CHANNAHON, IL 60410
12 W LINCOLN, CHARLESTON, IL 61920-3039
490 N MAIN ST, CHATHAM, IL 62629
504 HOSELTON DR, CHENOA, IL 61726
2208 STATE ST, CHESTER, IL 62233
6560 S STONEY ISLAND AVE, CHICAGO, IL 60637
740 E 47TH ST, CHICAGO, IL 60653
9560 S HALSTED STREET, CHICAGO, IL 60628-1028

42

TELEPHONE
630-851-8080
630-375-9983
630-499-8121
630-801-1641
630-229-6571
630-859-1778
630-897-7911
630-499-5490
630-585-8283
630-851-0663
847-236-0461
847-381-4488
630-483-2350
309-697-9594
309-633-5600
630-879-0024
847-746-8430
217-323-5955
708-946-1539
618-628-8375
618-235-6226
618-277-7897
618-233-9696
312-439-5610
815-544-0141
815-544-1972
815-547-5254
630-422-7220
630-694-1448
618-439-6633
708-544-9706
708-484-8047
708-749-1555
708-484-9716
618-377-2216
630-980-3525
630-539-6440
309-829-8613
309-662-3114
309-663-8450
309-828-1616
309-661-2004
708-371-6118
630-783-1629
815-932-6575
815-929-7420
815-937-1180
815-458-0802
618-526-8243
708-496-1777
708-701-2991
708-599-1750
708-338-2523
847-821-2002
708-425-6966
630-601-7912
815-234-2004
618-337-9150
708-862-9707
708-730-0188
708-388-6114
309-647-8333
618-457-5220
618-457-7344
217-854-4481
618-594-4474
618-382-8054
630-830-8810
847-836-0901
618-985-2070
847-639-1181
217-932-5999
618-397-8903
618-532-6511
217-356-6679
217-359-0588
217-359-5251
217-359-3856
217-643-7918
217-355-4862
217-384-4834
815-467-7995
815-467-8109
217-348-0215
217-483-7159
815-945-2222
618-826-2895
773-493-5800
773-924-6070
773-881-4245

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
AKINS AKINNAGBE
AKINS AKINNAGBE
AKINS AKINNAGBE
AKINS AKINNAGBE
AKINS AKINNAGBE
AKINS AKINNAGBE
ELLEN M AL-HAJJE
ELLEN M AL-HAJJE
MOHAMAD R AL-HAJJE
SALEH AL-HAJJE
SALEH AL-HAJJE
SALEH AL-HAJJE
SALEH AL-HAJJE
JOHN J DAKAJOS
JOHN J DAKAJOS
JOHN J DAKAJOS
JOHN J DAKAJOS
JOHN J DAKAJOS
JOHN J DAKAJOS
PHILIP K FUENTES
PHILIP K FUENTES
PHILIP K FUENTES
GIANNA FUNKHOUSER
GIANNA FUNKHOUSER
ROSE FUNKHOUSER
STEVEN FUNKHOUSER
STEVEN FUNKHOUSER
VINCENT HALE
VINCENT HALE
VINCENT HALE
VINCENT HALE
VINCENT HALE
VINCENT HALE
VINCENT HALE
VINCENT HALE
VINCENT HALE
VINCENT HALE
VINCENT HALE
VINCENT HALE
EDGAR O HERRERA
EDGAR O HERRERA
LAURA HERRERA
LAURA HERRERA
LAURA HERRERA
LAURA HERRERA
LAURA HERRERA
LAURA HERRERA
JANET KARAVITES
JANET KARAVITES
JANET KARAVITES
JANET KARAVITES
JANET KARAVITES
NICHOLAS KARAVITES
NICHOLAS KARAVITES
NICHOLAS KARAVITES
NICHOLAS KARAVITES
NICHOLAS KARAVITES
NICHOLAS KARAVITES
NICHOLAS KARAVITES
NICHOLAS KARAVITES
NICHOLAS KARAVITES
NICHOLAS KARAVITES
NICHOLAS KARAVITES
NICHOLAS KARAVITES
TANYA LAWRENCE
TANYA LAWRENCE
TANYA LAWRENCE
TANYA LAWRENCE
TANYA LAWRENCE
TANYA LAWRENCE
TANYA LAWRENCE
TANYA LAWRENCE
TANYA LAWRENCE
SARGON MANDO
SARGON MANDO
SARGON MANDO
SARGON MANDO
SARGON MANDO
SARGON MANDO
SARGON MANDO
SARGON MANDO
SARGON MANDO
SARGON MANDO
MICHAEL J OJEDA
MICHAEL J OJEDA
MICHAEL J OJEDA
TONNETTE WILLIAMS
TONNETTE WILLIAMS
TONNETTE WILLIAMS
TONNETTE WILLIAMS

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
4158 S ASHLAND, CHICAGO, IL 60609-2330
5153 W CHICAGO AVE, CHICAGO, IL 60651-2904
11421 S HALSTED, CHICAGO, IL 60628-5201
23 N WESTERN AVENUE, CHICAGO, IL 60612-2200
3200 W ROOSEVELT, CHICAGO, IL 60624-4332
5015 W MADISON, CHICAGO, IL 60644
4320 N CICERO, CHICAGO, IL 60651
3154 W FOSTER, CHICAGO, IL 60625-4107
3855 W LAWRENCE AVE, CHICAGO, IL 60625-6228
6125 N MILWAUKEE AVE, CHICAGO, IL 60646
3122 W TOUHY AVE, CHICAGO, IL 60645-2836
6900 N WESTERN AVE, CHICAGO, IL 60645-4711
1831 W DEVON, CHICAGO, IL 60660
10320 S KEDZIE AVE, CHICAGO, IL 60655-2016
6720 W ARCHER AVE, CHICAGO, IL 60638
6737 SOUTH PULASKI AVENUE, CHICAGO, IL 60629-4152
4334 WEST 26TH STREET, CHICAGO, IL 60623
5253 S PULASKI, CHICAGO, IL 60632
2315 W OGDEN AVE, CHICAGO, IL 60608
8415 S PULASKI RD, CHICAGO, IL 60652-3119
5624 W ROOSEVELT RD, CHICAGO, IL 60644
2844 W 47TH STREET, CHICAGO, IL 60632
3241 W PETERSON, CHICAGO, IL 60659
600 E GRAND AVE (NAVY PIER), CHICAGO, IL 60611
2600 WEST ADDISON, CHICAGO, IL 60618-5905
1664 S BLUE ISLAND, CHICAGO, IL 60608
1563 N WELLS, CHICAGO, IL 60610
2425 E 79TH ST, CHICAGO, IL 60649
7601 S VINCENNES AVE, CHICAGO, IL 60620-1622
8321 SOUTH ASHLAND, CHICAGO, IL 60620
600 E 115TH ST, CHICAGO, IL 60628-5702
1951 E 95TH ST, CHICAGO, IL 60617
2525 S MARTIN LUTHER KING DR, CHICAGO, IL 60616
9211 S COMMERCIAL, CHICAGO, IL 60617-4509
7832 S WESTERN, CHICAGO, IL 60620-5822
O'HARE AIRPORT - ORD TERM 5 ARRIVALS, CHICAGO, IL 60666
O'HARE AIRPORT - ORD TERM 1 CONC C, CHICAGO, IL 60666
7900 S MARTIN LUTHER KING DR, CHICAGO, IL 60619
233 N MICHIGAN, CHICAGO, IL 60601
5733 S KEDZIE AVE, CHICAGO, IL 60639
3241 W NORTH AVENUE, CHICAGO, IL 60641
O'HARE AIRPORT - ORD TERM 3 CONC L, CHICAGO, IL 60666
O'HARE AIRPORT - ORD TERM 3 CONC K, CHICAGO, IL 60666
O'HARE AIRPORT - ORD TERM 3 CONC H, CHICAGO, IL 60666
O'HARE AIRPORT - ORD TERM 1 CONC B, CHICAGO, IL 60666
O'HARE AIRPORT - ORD TERM 2 CONC E/F, CHICAGO, IL 60666
O'HARE - ORD TERM 3 CONC H/K FOOD COURT, CHICAGO, IL 60666
5130 N SHERIDAN RD, CHICAGO, IL 60640-3114
6231 N BROADWAY, CHICAGO, IL 60660-1902
6740 N CLARK, CHICAGO, IL 60626-3211
1004 W WILSON, CHICAGO, IL 60640-5615
2350 N CENTRAL, CHICAGO, IL 60639-2934
2635 N CLARK ST, CHICAGO, IL 60614-1524
5614 N CLARK ST, CHICAGO, IL 60660-4109
5133 W NORTH AVE, CHICAGO, IL 60639-4435
10 E CHICAGO AVE, CHICAGO, IL 60611-2009
4946 N MILWAUKEE AVENUE, CHICAGO, IL 60630-2115
600 N CLARK, CHICAGO, IL 60610-3702
645 N MCCLURG CT, CHICAGO, IL 60611-3000
3020 S HALSTED ST, CHICAGO, IL 60608
3548 N CICERO AVE, CHICAGO, IL 60641
1380 W LAKE STREET, CHICAGO, IL 60607
203 N LASALLE ST, CHICAGO, IL 60601
1035 W RANDOLPH, CHICAGO, IL 60607
2317 N CICERO, CHICAGO, IL 60639-3329
4550 N CUMBERLAND, CHICAGO, IL 60656
1951 N WESTERN AVE, CHICAGO, IL 60647-4331
2834 N ASHLAND AVE, CHICAGO, IL 60657-4042
2005 W CHICAGO AVE, CHICAGO, IL 60622-5549
111 W JACKSON, CHICAGO, IL 60604
1737 W FULLERTON, CHICAGO, IL 60614
4601 W DIVERSEY, CHICAGO, IL 60639
3610 N CLARK ST, CHICAGO, IL 60613
1443 E 87TH ST, CHICAGO, IL 60619-6546
6336 S ASHLAND, CHICAGO, IL 60636-2725
3540 N HARLEM AVE, CHICAGO, IL 60634-3629
6900 S LAFAYETTE, CHICAGO, IL 60621-3782
5656 W IRVING PARK RD, CHICAGO, IL 60634-2741
70 E GARFIELD, CHICAGO, IL 60615-4613
29 E 87TH ST, CHICAGO, IL 60619-6603
2754 N NARRAGANSETT, CHICAGO, IL 60639
207 E 35TH ST, CHICAGO, IL 60653
6515 S WESTERN AVE, CHICAGO, IL 60636
2707 N MILWAUKEE AVE, CHICAGO, IL 60647
4338 W NORTH AVE, CHICAGO, IL 60639-4855
4546 N KEDZIE AVE, CHICAGO, IL 60625
4704 S CICERO AVENUE, CHICAGO, IL 60638
6430 S CICERO, CHICAGO, IL 60638
1637 W 95TH ST, CHICAGO, IL 60643
5200 S LAKE PARK, CHICAGO, IL 60615

43

TELEPHONE
773-847-2763
773-287-4687
773-568-4663
312-243-3599
773-533-5336
773-378-1470
773-657-3550
773-539-4046
773-866-0523
331-333-6713
773-743-5792
773-743-5784
708-357-2821
773-238-1216
773-229-9841
773-284-9350
773-762-9211
773-284-9684
312-733-7712
773-284-1331
773-366-8949
773-523-2865
773-588-8860
312-505-0694
773-477-8687
773-530-9705
312-266-2633
773-768-0153
773-723-4700
773-779-2888
773-995-8586
773-768-3355
312-842-8643
773-375-7700
773-476-1196
773-894-3432
773-686-1540
773-651-3365
312-540-0721
773-471-1858
773-227-8928
773-601-9000
773-686-1176
773-686-1161
773-686-1130
773-601-9004
773-462-0123
773-275-9035
773-743-1316
773-743-6932
773-275-9885
773-622-4405
773-549-6272
773-989-9250
773-237-8655
312-649-9262
773-777-2327
312-867-0455
312-944-5665
312-949-9774
773-283-0149
312-243-0453
312-332-0482
312-291-9224
773-637-3590
773-625-4343
773-276-2366
773-528-7503
312-226-4818
312-922-1648
773-244-4001
773-394-0991
773-883-4770
773-221-2541
773-436-2519
773-622-8811
773-994-0690
773-545-8686
773-924-0821
773-783-4595
773-237-1500
312-842-8040
773-434-6048
773-342-4052
773-384-8165
773-583-4395
773-284-9713
773-284-8996
773-429-1300
773-288-2161

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
RODNEY LUBEZNIK
RODNEY LUBEZNIK
RODNEY LUBEZNIK
DERRICK D LOTT
RANDY CONN
KATHRYN FUENTES
PHILIP K FUENTES
MIKEL A PETRO
MARVIN SPENCE
MARY N MURRAY
MARY N MURRAY
FRANCIS RUIZ
CHRISTINE M LOTT
KATINA STEVENS-KAVOORAS
KATINA STEVENS-KAVOORAS
BENJAMIN FREEMAN
NONDAS J PLESIOTIS
NONDAS J PLESIOTIS
BLAKE W LINDERS
BLAKE W LINDERS
BLAKE W LINDERS
NICHOLAS KORY
ANDREW BIRSCHBACH
ANDREW BIRSCHBACH
ANDREW BIRSCHBACH
ANDREW BIRSCHBACH
GARY G BIRSCHBACH
CHRISTOPHER PRUCNAL
JULIE LARDAS-BASDEN
JULIE LARDAS-BASDEN
JULIE LARDAS-BASDEN
CHRISTINE K SCHENK
MICHAEL SCHENK
MICHAEL SCHENK
MICHAEL SCHENK
NANCY PLOCK
SARGON MANDO
JOHN CARNAGIO
JOHN CARNAGIO
TINA SHORT
KENNEDY CONN
MARY N MURRAY
KEVIN L MURPHY
TERRY CLARK
TERRY CLARK
JAMES ESTEL WILLIAMS, JR.
MALCOLM R BOLD
MALCOLM R BOLD
BLAKE W LINDERS
BLAKE W LINDERS
BLAKE W LINDERS
RANDY CONN
JULIE LARDAS-BASDEN
BRADLEY SHORT
DAVID A BEAR
DAVID A BEAR
DAVID A BEAR
DAVID A BEAR
DAVID A BEAR
DAVID A BEAR
RICHARD A O'KEEFE
RICHARD A O'KEEFE
RICHARD A O'KEEFE
JASON NELSON
RICHARD A O'KEEFE
SALEH AL-HAJJE
NICHOLAS KARAVITES
VINCENT HALE
TONNETTE WILLIAMS
JOHN M MORELAND
STEPHANIE BISHOP
NATHAN PAPPAS
TIMOTHY W MCCARTHY
DENNIS CHA
GARY G BIRSCHBACH
CHRISTOPHER PRUCNAL
NONDAS J PLESIOTIS
DARREN A FREIHAGE
DARREN A FREIHAGE
DENNIS CHA
CHRISTOPHER PRUCNAL
JESSICA E LUCAS
GLENN J KARPINSKE
SANTIAGO J NEGRE
SANTIAGO J NEGRE
TRINA GENDRON
JOHN A LARDAS, JR.
JOHN A LARDAS, JR.
GUY T BUCCIFERRO, III
BLAKE W LINDERS

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
180 W ADAMS, CHICAGO, IL 60603-3602
4047 EAST 106TH STREET, CHICAGO, IL 60617-6341
23 S CLARK, CHICAGO, IL 60603
19767 S HALSTED STREET, CHICAGO HEIGHTS, IL 60411
402 W CLOVERDALE, CHILLICOTHE, IL 61523
2827 S CICERO, CICERO, IL 60804
5500 W CERMAK RD, CICERO, IL 60804
1201 IL-54, CLINTON, IL 61727
2 SOUTH BROADWAY, COAL CITY, IL 60416
503 BELT LINE RD, COLLINSVILLE, IL 62234-4411
520 RAMADA BLVD, COLLINSVILLE, IL 62234
300 COLUMBIA CENTER, COLUMBIA, IL 62236-9803
4239 W 167TH STREET, COUNTRY CLUB HILLS, IL 60478
5701 S LAGRANGE RD, COUNTRYSIDE, IL 60525-4063
13630 S CICERO AVE, CRESTWOOD, IL 60418-1937
1350 STEGER RD, CRETE, IL 60417-1357
230 N RT 31, CRYSTAL LAKE, IL 60014
7617 RT 14, CRYSTAL LAKE, IL 60012
109 SOUTH GILBERT STREET, DANVILLE, IL 61832-6229
3195 NORTH VERMILION STREET, DANVILLE, IL 61832-1312
101 N BOWMAN AVE, DANVILLE, IL 61832
809 PLAINFIELD RD, DARIEN, IL 60561-4215
1835 E EL DORADO, DECATUR, IL 62521-2125
3005 N WATER ST, DECATUR, IL 62526-2464
962 W ELDORADO, DECATUR, IL 62522-2162
1909 MOUNT ZION RD, DECATUR, IL 62521-9718
4030 EAST BOYD ROAD, DECATUR, IL 62521
50 S WAUKEGAN RD, DEERFIELD, IL 60015-5216
805 W LINCOLN HWY, DEKALB, IL 60115
545 E LINCOLN HWY, DEKALB, IL 60115
I-88 DEKALB OASIS, DEKALB, IL 60115
444 S RIVER RD, DES PLAINES, IL 60016-4731
1101 OAKTON STREET, DES PLAINES, IL 60018
725 W GOLF RD, DES PLAINES, IL 60016-2414
3067 MANNHEIM ROAD, DES PLAINES, IL 60018-3605
207 N GALENA, DIXON, IL 61021-2119
226 SIBLEY BLVD, DOLTON, IL 60419
225 E OGDEN AVE, DOWNERS GROVE, IL 60515-3144
2535 OGDEN AVE, DOWNERS GROVE, IL 60515
825 S WASHINGTON ST, DU QUOIN, IL 62832
13 E NORTHBROOK DR, DWIGHT, IL 60420
102 NIAGARA AVE, EAST ALTON, IL 62024
727 AVENUE OF THE CITIES, EAST MOLINE, IL 61244
2601 E WASHINGTON, EAST PEORIA, IL 61611
161 SPINDER DRIVE, EAST PEORIA, IL 61611
588 NORTH 24TH STREET, EAST ST LOUIS, IL 62205
1704 TROY RD, EDWARDSVILLE, IL 62025-2537
6091 CENTER GROVE ROAD, EDWARDSVILLE, IL 62025
1304 N KELLER DR, EFFINGHAM, IL 62401
2911 S BANKER, EFFINGHAM, IL 62401
2500 N 3RD ST, EFFINGHAM, IL 62401
664 W MAIN STREET, EL PASO, IL 61738
932 CENTER AVENUE, ELBURN, IL 60119
IL RT 142 & USHY 45, ELDORADO, IL 62930
401 SUMMIT ST, ELGIN, IL 60120
1480 LARKIN AVE, ELGIN, IL 60123
1165 N MCLEAN BLVD, ELGIN, IL 60123
255 S RANDALL RD, ELGIN, IL 60123
816 SAINT CHARLES RD, ELGIN, IL 60120
1450 BUSSE RD, ELK GROVE VILLAGE, IL 60007-5324
1912 E HIGGINS RD, ELK GROVE VILLAGE, IL 60007-2503
10 BIESTERFIELD ROAD, ELK GROVE VILLAGE, IL 60007-3668
947 MEACHAM RD, ELK GROVE VILLAGE, IL 60007
920 N YORK RD, ELMHURST, IL 60126-5115
190 E BUTTERFIELD RD, ELMHURST, IL 60126-5120
7217 W GRAND AVENUE, ELMWOOD PARK, IL 60707
1117 HOWARD STREET, EVANSTON, IL 60202
8715 S KEDZIE, EVERGREEN PARK, IL 60805-1025
9156 S WESTERN AVE, EVERGREEN PARK, IL 60805
1212 W MAIN, FAIRFIELD, IL 62837-2326
6300 N ILLINOIS ST, FAIRVIEW HEIGHTS, IL 62208-2719
1008 E FORT STREET, FARMINGTON, IL 61531
200 GIVEN DR, FLORA, IL 62839
420 DES PLAINES AVE, FOREST PARK, IL 60130
109 LUCILE AVENUE, FORSYTH, IL 62535
40 S RT 12, FOX LAKE, IL 60020-1745
840 NORTHWEST HWY, FOX RIVER GROVE, IL 60021
21011 S LAGRANGE ROAD, FRANKFORT, IL 60423-7753
7215 W LINCOLN HWY, FRANKFORT, IL 60423
2627 N MANNHEIM RD, FRANKLIN PARK, IL 60131-3136
9450 W GRAND AVE, FRANKLIN PARK, IL 60131
708 N STATE STREET, FREEBURG, IL 62243
957 GEAR ST, GALENA, IL 61036
1072 N HENDERSON ST, GALESBURG, IL 61401-2553
1158 E MAIN ST, GALESBURG, IL 61401-3962
1022 OAKWOOD DR, GENESEO, IL 61254
1190 E STATE ST, GENEVA, IL 60134-2439
1812 S RANDALL RD, GENEVA, IL 60134
704 E MAIN ST, GENOA, IL 60135
502 N MAIN ST, GEORGETOWN, IL 61846

44

TELEPHONE
312-580-0773
773-721-7171
312-580-0214
708-754-5572
309-274-4070
708-863-6227
708-298-9632
217-935-8522
815-634-4412
618-345-7773
618-345-4131
618-281-4222
708-206-1035
708-352-8875
708-371-0650
708-672-4500
815-455-2599
815-479-9532
217-446-4084
217-446-0043
217-446-4520
630-969-7690
217-423-1775
217-877-9259
217-422-8149
217-864-4937
217-872-1974
847-945-2112
815-756-5202
815-758-5751
815-758-4900
847-827-1220
847-297-5630
847-439-6141
847-824-8800
815-288-4683
708-849-2134
630-969-6310
630-964-7433
618-542-4511
815-584-9008
618-259-1075
309-755-8820
309-699-0721
309-698-8000
618-874-6237
618-656-1220
618-659-3532
217-342-2355
217-342-4933
217-342-2605
309-527-7700
630-365-5915
618-273-5633
847-741-9768
847-741-9725
847-741-9090
847-741-9898
847-608-5050
847-439-1540
847-437-7949
847-364-4525
847-985-0490
630-832-9633
630-832-6962
708-401-8298
847-864-5988
708-424-7824
708-425-3220
618-842-5674
618-632-2046
309-245-9930
618-662-5555
708-488-0146
217-875-7913
847-587-1020
847-639-7197
815-469-6300
815-469-0837
847-455-0050
847-379-5692
618-539-9712
815-777-2600
309-343-8340
309-343-1539
309-944-5040
630-232-1350
630-232-8239
815-784-8584
217-662-6122

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
MIKEL A PETRO
SAMUEL M LUBEZNIK
JOHN CARNAGIO
JOHN CARNAGIO
JOHN J O'KEEFE, JR.
RICHARD F PRUCNAL
RICHARD F PRUCNAL
CHRISTINE K SCHENK
MALCOLM R BOLD
JAMES ESTEL WILLIAMS, JR.
JAMES ESTEL WILLIAMS, JR.
JAYME SCHENK
JAYME SCHENK
NICHOLAS KARAVITES
DAVID GLENN EMBRY
ERNEST MASUCCI
ERNEST MASUCCI
ERNEST MASUCCI
MALCOLM R BOLD
GUY T BUCCIFERRO, III
JOHN J O'KEEFE, JR.
JASON NELSON
STEPHANIE BISHOP
AKINS AKINNAGBE
SARGON MANDO
SARGON MANDO
MICHAEL P KASPRZYK
STEPHANIE BISHOP
EDGAR O HERRERA
DAVID GLENN EMBRY
RICHARD F PRUCNAL
RICHARD F PRUCNAL
STEPHANIE BISHOP
DENNIS CHA
DENNIS CHA
DAVID A BEAR
DAVID A BEAR
DAVID A BEAR
ROBERT A FREEMAN
CHRISTINE M LOTT
DERRICK D LOTT
BLAKE W LINDERS
GUY T BUCCIFERRO, III
GUY T BUCCIFERRO, III
DEAN J SHORT
NONDAS J PLESIOTIS
JASON NELSON
MICHAEL P KASPRZYK
JAMES ESTEL WILLIAMS, JR.
MICHAEL J MORELAND
JOHN CARNAGIO
J. CAMPBELL KENNEDY
GARY A KORY
NICHOLAS KORY
MARVIN SPENCE
MARVIN SPENCE
MARVIN SPENCE
JOHN CARNAGIO
JOHN CARNAGIO
TRINA GENDRON
SANTIAGO J NEGRE
DAVID A BEAR
NICHOLAS KARAVITES
ERNEST MASUCCI
METAXIA SCHMITZ
DAVID A BEAR
TANYA LAWRENCE
JOSE D GUTIERREZ
WALTER NOWAKOWSKI
STEPHANIE BISHOP
BENJAMIN FREEMAN
MIKEL A PETRO
CHRISTOPHER PRUCNAL
CHRISTOPHER PRUCNAL
MIKEL A PETRO
CHRISTOPHER PRUCNAL
METAXIA SCHMITZ
EDWARD H SCHMITT, JR.
MICHAEL MCGRAW
NICHOLAS KORY
NICHOLAS KORY
DAVID A BEAR
JOHN CARNAGIO
JEFF JANCIK
NATHAN PAPPAS
NATHAN PAPPAS
MIKEL A PETRO
DARREN A FREIHAGE
LAWRENCE L LINMAN
GUY T BUCCIFERRO, III

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
801 S SANGAMON, GIBSON CITY, IL 60936-1746
720 US HWY 24 WEST, GILMAN, IL 60938
445 W ROOSEVELT RD, GLEN ELLYN, IL 60137
3S010 ROUTE 53, GLEN ELLYN, IL 60137-7337
215 NORTH AVE, GLENDALE HEIGHTS, IL 60139
530 S WAUKEGAN RD, GLENVIEW, IL 60025
2741 PFINGSTEN ROAD, GLENVIEW, IL 60026-1152
9815 N MILWAUKEE AVE, GLENVIEW, IL 60016
5511 GODFREY RD, GODFREY, IL 62035
1515 JOHNSON RD, GRANITE CITY, IL 62040-3831
2045 MADISON AVENUE, GRANITE CITY, IL 62040-4618
1804 E BELVIDERE RD, GRAYSLAKE, IL 60030
1275 N RT 83, GRAYSLAKE, IL 60030
2601 PAUL JONES ST (NAVAL STATION), GREAT LAKES, IL 60088
1600 SOUTH STREET, GREENVILLE, IL 62246-9516
5555 GRAND AVE, GURNEE, IL 60031-4900
1275 N DELANY ROAD, GURNEE, IL 60031
6380 GRAND AVE, GURNEE, IL 60031
9191 STATE ROUTE140, HAMEL, IL 62046
19 N 649 US RT 20, HAMPSHIRE, IL 60140
7455 BARRINGTON RD, HANOVER PARK, IL 60133
1050 E LAKE ST, HANOVER PK, IL 60133-5408
617 S COMMERCIAL ST, HARRISBURG, IL 62946
14702 DIXIE HWY, HARVEY, IL 60426
5022 N HARLEM AVE, HARWOOD HEIGHTS, IL 60656
6400 W MONTROSE, HARWOOD HEIGHTS, IL 60634
270 E DEARBORN, HAVANA, IL 62644
1706 S PARK AVE, HERRIN, IL 62948-2738
7620 W 95TH ST, HICKORY HILLS, IL 60457
105 SUPPINGER RD, HIGHLAND, IL 62249-1114
1988 1ST AVE, HIGHLAND PARK, IL 60035-3135
894 SHERIDAN RD, HIGHWOOD, IL 60040-1003
728 W MAIN ST, HILLSBORO, IL 62049-1734
4012 ROOSEVELT RD, HILLSIDE, IL 60162-1824
935 N YORK RD, HINSDALE, IL 60521-2905
2580 W GOLF RD, HOFFMAN ESTATES, IL 60194
2270 W HIGGINS RD, HOFFMAN ESTATES, IL 60169
1070 ROSELLE ROAD, HOFFMAN ESTATES, IL 60169
14298 S BELL RD, HOMER GLEN, IL 60491
3132 W 183RD ST, HOMEWOOD, IL 60430-2807
17740 HALSTED STREET, HOMEWOOD, IL 60430-2010
824 SOUTH DIXIE HIGHWAY, HOOPESTON, IL 60942
10711 RT 47, HUNTLEY, IL 60142
12242 S ROUTE 47, HUNTLEY, IL 60142
202 NORTH AVENUE, INA, IL 62846
600 W STATE RD, ISLAND LAKE, IL 60042
1301 E IRVING PARK RD, ITASCA, IL 60143
520 W MORTON, JACKSONVILLE, IL 62650-2875
911 S STATE ST, JERSEYVILLE, IL 62052
808 GRAND AVE, JOHNSTON CITY, IL 62951
1421 RIVERBOAT CENTER DR, JOLIET, IL 60432
1515 WEST JEFFERSON AVENUE, JOLIET, IL 60435
2220 ILLINOIS RT 59, JOLIET, IL 60544
4280 W JEFFERSON, JOLIET, IL 60431
1555 N BROADWAY, JOLIET, IL 60435-2616
2885 W PLAINFIELD RD, JOLIET, IL 60435
2212 ESSINGTON ROAD, JOLIET, IL 60435
1780 E COURT ST, KANKAKEE, IL 60901-2671
1030 N 5TH AVE, KANKAKEE, IL 60901
315 S TENNEY ST, KEWANEE, IL 61443-3451
743 KNOX HWY 10, KNOXVILLE, IL 61448
100 N LA GRANGE RD, LA GRANGE, IL 60525
28929 N WAUKEGAN RD, LAKE BLUFF, IL 60044
30388 N SKOKIE HWY, LAKE BLUFF, IL 60044
431 E GRAND, LAKE VILLA, IL 60046
123 QUENTIN ROAD, LAKE ZURICH, IL 60047
653 S RAND RD, LAKE ZURICH, IL 60047-2468
17810 S TORRENCE, LANSING, IL 60438-1836
2608 WEST HAVEN ROAD, LAWRENCEVILLE, IL 62439
713 S MADISON, LEBANON, IL 62254
1152 STATE ST, LEMONT, IL 60439-4213
300 SUNSET DR, LEROY, IL 61752
1330 N MILWAUKEE AVE, LIBERTYVILLE, IL 60048-1309
1417 W PETERSON, LIBERTYVILLE, IL 60048
1007 HICKOX DR, LINCOLN, IL 62656
450 MILWAUKEE AVE, LINCOLNSHIRE, IL 60069-3046
2250 E GRAND, LINDENHURST, IL 60046-7522
1019 MAPLE AVE, LISLE, IL 60532-2330
2 OHREN DR, LITCHFIELD, IL 62056
1039 E 9TH ST, LOCKPORT, IL 60441-3245
16519 W 159TH STREET, LOCKPORT, IL 60441
540 W NORTH AVE, LOMBARD, IL 60148
1 YORKTOWN SHOPPING CENTER, LOMBARD, IL 60148
7850 OGDEN AVE, LYONS, IL 60534
625 W JACKSON ST, MACOMB, IL 61455-2009
105 S PRAIRIE ST, MACOMB, IL 61455
1006 PURNELL DR, MAHOMET, IL 61853
440 W NORTH STREET, MANHATTAN, IL 60442-9245
103 SOUTH CREEK DR, MANTENO, IL 60950
200 W GRANT HWY, MARENGO, IL 60152

45

TELEPHONE
217-784-4269
815-265-8080
630-858-1114
630-469-5995
630-871-9007
847-730-3007
224-326-2915
847-965-8180
618-466-5810
618-876-0741
618-876-9120
847-223-2141
847-548-9763
847-689-8683
618-664-0302
847-336-8865
847-244-8728
847-855-0229
618-633-2131
847-683-9953
630-837-5819
630-307-8700
618-252-6200
708-331-1167
708-867-8686
708-867-1600
309-543-2422
618-942-5251
708-237-5405
618-654-8112
224-365-5759
847-780-2018
217-532-3961
708-544-2333
630-654-2481
847-882-0943
847-843-0380
847-466-7762
708-301-2332
708-798-9309
708-957-2337
217-283-9333
847-669-0225
847-669-8270
618-437-5317
847-487-1720
630-250-1065
217-243-4221
618-498-9526
618-983-3223
815-730-8141
815-725-9651
815-436-9380
815-725-3630
815-723-8333
815-439-1045
815-577-6576
815-939-1815
815-939-0004
309-852-4747
309-289-9351
708-352-1110
847-735-1088
847-937-9920
847-265-0050
847-438-4634
847-438-2499
708-474-2450
618-943-2800
618-537-9806
630-257-3100
309-962-2073
847-362-3040
847-573-8212
217-732-9717
847-913-1500
847-356-2422
630-963-5573
217-324-6144
815-838-6304
815-524-4806
630-792-8009
630-495-2960
708-442-5566
309-833-4648
309-837-2810
217-590-2992
779-426-7007
815-468-9927
815-568-4966

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
STEPHANIE BISHOP
STEPHANIE BISHOP
AKINS AKINNAGBE
NICHOLAS J KASPRZYK
JESSICA E LUCAS
BENJAMIN FREEMAN
BLAKE W LINDERS
BLAKE W LINDERS
DENNIS CHA
BRIAN K GRAHAM
MICHAEL J MORELAND
DAVID A BEAR
DAVID A BEAR
DAVID A BEAR
MIKEL A PETRO
JOHN J O'KEEFE, JR.
RANDY CONN
RANDY CONN
RANDY CONN
MICHAEL C LOVE SR
NICHOLAS KARAVITES
AKINS AKINNAGBE
TRINA GENDRON
JOHN CARNAGIO
TROY J FREYBERGER
TROY J FREYBERGER
TROY J FREYBERGER
DARREN A FREIHAGE
TRINA GENDRON
MIKEL A PETRO
NATHAN PAPPAS
GLENN J KARPINSKE
KENNEDY CONN
DAVID A BEAR
TINA SHORT
TINA SHORT
WALTER NOWAKOWSKI
DAVID A BEAR
MICHAEL P KASPRZYK
LAURA HERRERA
LAURA HERRERA
LAURA HERRERA
TINA SHORT
JOHN CARNAGIO
NICHOLAS KORY
RICHARD C SCHMITT
RICHARD C SCHMITT
EDWARD H SCHMITT, JR.
EDWARD H SCHMITT, JR.
DEAN J SHORT
JESSICA E LUCAS
DARREN A FREIHAGE
NICHOLAS KORY
DAVID A BEAR
MICHAEL SCHENK
MIKEL A PETRO
MIKEL A PETRO
MIKEL A PETRO
DAVID A BEAR
ANTHONY J LARDAS
NICHOLAS KARAVITES
TERRY CLARK
RICHARD F PRUCNAL
RICHARD A O'KEEFE
DARREN A FREIHAGE
JOHN J DAKAJOS
EDGAR O HERRERA
EDGAR O HERRERA
MARY ANN FUENTES
BLAKE W LINDERS
STEPHANIE BISHOP
STEPHANIE BISHOP
NATHAN PAPPAS
WALTER NOWAKOWSKI
BENJAMIN FREEMAN
NANCY PLOCK
BENJAMIN FREEMAN
KATINA STEVENS-KAVOORAS
KATINA STEVENS-KAVOORAS
EDWARD H SCHMITT, JR.
EDWARD H SCHMITT, JR.
EDWARD H SCHMITT, JR.
GUY T BUCCIFERRO, JR.
LAURA HERRERA
JOHN J O'KEEFE, JR.
DERRICK TAYLOR
EDGAR O HERRERA
KATINA STEVENS-KAVOORAS
MARTIN L DAVIS
NICHOLAS J KASPRZYK

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
700 N COURT ST, MARION, IL 62959-1710
2603 W DEYOUNG, MARION, IL 62959-4939
3010 WEST 159TH STREET, MARKHAM, IL 60426-4026
102 E TREFZ DR, MARSHALL, IL 62441
721 N JEFFERSON, MASCOUTAH, IL 62258
4010 W 211TH ST, MATTESON, IL 60443-2442
4212 LAKELAND BLVD, MATTOON, IL 61938-0787
103 DETTRO DR, MATTOON, IL 61938
507 ROOSEVELT ROAD, MAYWOOD, IL 60153
11 N 1ST AVE, MAYWOOD, IL 60153-1601
500 W RANDOLPH ST, MC LEANSBORO, IL 62859
4411 WEST RT 120, MCHENRY, IL 60050
302 SOUTH ROUTE 31, MCHENRY, IL 60050
1904 RICHMOND RD, MCHENRY, IL 60051-5402
400 MAIN STREET, MCLEAN, IL 61754
8327 W NORTH AVE, MELROSE PARK, IL 60160
2701 E 12TH ST, MENDOTA, IL 61342
1503 13TH AVENUE, MENDOTA, IL 61342
901 W MOUNT VERNON, METAMORA, IL 61548
1545 E FIFTH STREET, METROPOLIS, IL 62960
I-94 LAKE FOREST OASIS, METTAWA, IL 60045
14601 S PULASKI AVE, MIDLOTHIAN, IL 60445-2826
400 W 1ST ST, MILAN, IL 61264-2715
102 N RIDGE RD, MINOOKA, IL 60447
3433 AVENUE OF THE CITIES, MOLINE, IL 61265-4418
2701 69TH AVENUE COURT, MOLINE, IL 61265
810 41ST AVE DR, MOLINE, IL 61265
6002 W MONEE MANHATTAN RD, MONEE, IL 60449
1134 N MAIN ST, MONMOUTH, IL 61462-1209
306 S MARKET ST, MONTICELLO, IL 61856
1700 DIVISION ST, MORRIS, IL 60450-1125
606 E LINCOLN WAY, MORRISON, IL 61270
321 N MORTON, MORTON, IL 61550-1524
6309 WEST DEMPSTER STREET, MORTON GROVE, IL 60053
2806 BROADWAY STREET, MOUNT VERNON, IL 62864-2301
102 POTOMAC BOULEVARD, MOUNT VERNON, IL 62864
111 EAST NINTH ST, MT CARMEL, IL 62863
13 W RAND RD, MT PROSPECT, IL 60056
418 E MAIN ST, MT STERLING, IL 62353
151 N LAKE ST, MUNDELEIN, IL 60060-2203
665 S RT 83, MUNDELEIN, IL 60060
450 TOWN LINE RD, MUNDELEIN, IL 60060
105 MUDDY MONSTER RD, MURPHYSBORO, IL 62966
1520 N NAPER BLVD, NAPERVILLE, IL 60563-1502
3232 S RT 59, NAPERVILLE, IL 60564
1298 S NAPER BLVD, NAPERVILLE, IL 60540-8312
892 W 75TH ST, NAPERVILLE, IL 60540
516 N RIVER RD, NAPERVILLE, IL 60540
1376 N ROUTE 59, NAPERVILLE, IL 60563
11792 IL-127, NASHVILLE, IL 62263-0267
727 W HANOVER, NEW BADEN, IL 62265
2151 E LARAWAY ROAD, NEW LENOX, IL 60451
600 WEST MAPLE, NEW LENOX, IL 60451
7969 N MILWAUKEE AVE, NILES, IL 60648
8460 DEMPSTER AVE, NILES, IL 60648
804 S MAIN ST, NORMAL, IL 61701
1535 E COLLEGE AVE, NORMAL, IL 61761-2104
1607 N MAIN STREET, NORMAL, IL 61761
4104 N HARLEM AVE (HARLEM IRVING PLAZA), NORRIDGE, IL 60706-1244
190 HANSEN BOULEVARD, NORTH AURORA, IL 60542
2211 GREENBAY ROAD, NORTH CHICAGO, IL 60064-3006
1124 WESLEY RD, NORTH PEKIN, IL 61554
200 SKOKIE BLVD, NORTHBROOK, IL 60062
1 E NORTH AVE, NORTHLAKE, IL 60164-2517
5441 W 159TH ST, OAK FOREST, IL 60452-3275
10533 S CICERO, OAK LAWN, IL 60453-5273
9128 SOUTH CICERO AVENUE, OAK LAWN, IL 60453
6034 W 95TH ST, OAK LAWN, IL 60453-2734
111 W MADISON ST, OAK PARK, IL 60302-4205
499 N OAKWOOD RD, OAKWOOD, IL 61858
1610 W HWY 50, O'FALLON, IL 62269
109 EAST HIGHWAY 50, O'FALLON, IL 62269
115 N LEWIS AVE, OGLESBY, IL 61348-9772
701 E MAIN ST, OLNEY, IL 62450-2619
2400 W LINCOLN HIGHWAY, OLYMPIA FIELDS, IL 60461
211 S 4TH ST, OREGON, IL 61061
11111 W 179TH STREET, ORLAND PARK, IL 60467
14445 S LAGRANGE RD, ORLAND PARK, IL 60462-2505
9110 W 159TH ST, ORLAND PARK, IL 60462-5648
339A DOUGLAS ROAD, OSWEGO, IL 60543
2890 RT 34, OSWEGO, IL 60543
3417 ORCHARD WAY, OSWEGO, IL 60543
127 E NORRIS DR, OTTAWA, IL 61350-1514
1570 E NORTHWEST HWY, PALATINE, IL 60074-7609
1576 N RAND RD, PALATINE, IL 60074
275 W NORTHWEST HWY, PALATINE, IL 60067-2412
7100 W 127TH ST, PALOS HEIGHTS, IL 60463
11050 SOUTHWEST HWY, PALOS HILLS, IL 60465-2322
1 S POPLAR, PANA, IL 62557-1401
701 E JASPER, PARIS, IL 61944-2466

46

TELEPHONE
618-997-3113
618-993-8889
708-331-5089
217-826-6565
618-566-8050
708-481-1530
217-258-8333
217-235-6438
708-410-2381
708-344-0657
618-643-5513
815-344-1377
815-344-2896
815-344-4217
309-874-2925
708-343-5553
815-538-6012
815-538-2100
309-367-9333
618-524-1097
847-482-9331
708-389-9766
309-787-0025
815-467-0015
309-797-8725
309-757-1855
309-797-2922
708-534-0145
309-734-6701
217-762-4910
815-942-5544
815-718-6740
309-263-2402
847-967-5540
618-242-7802
618-242-7371
618-263-4115
224-347-2087
217-773-4727
847-566-7100
847-949-7007
847-949-1590
618-687-1171
630-505-0220
630-922-3500
630-961-9660
630-527-8547
630-778-9919
630-548-1725
618-478-5349
618-588-2324
815-463-9471
815-485-4600
847-965-2391
847-299-1000
309-452-4023
309-454-4141
309-862-2277
708-452-8993
630-907-9401
847-473-1699
309-382-1434
847-715-9375
708-681-1073
708-687-0360
708-636-6116
708-425-6116
708-430-6934
708-763-8186
217-354-4205
618-624-3648
618-632-8358
815-883-8989
618-395-4902
708-747-8175
815-732-6035
708-478-7126
708-349-8434
708-349-3616
630-892-5160
630-554-2858
630-554-6163
815-434-3141
847-255-2955
847-991-0949
847-934-9988
708-448-6490
708-974-3838
217-562-5087
217-463-5000

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
NICHOLAS KARAVITES
MICHAEL SCHENK
TERRY CLARK
TERRY CLARK
RYAN CLARK
RYAN CLARK
TERRY CLARK
TERRY CLARK
NATHAN PAPPAS
NATHAN PAPPAS
TERRY CLARK
LAWRENCE L LINMAN
NATHAN PAPPAS
NATHAN PAPPAS
TINA SHORT
ASHLEY GILSTRAP ORSCHELN
GARY A KORY
NICHOLAS KORY
NICHOLAS KORY
EDWARD H SCHMITT, JR.
RANDY CONN
JAMES ESTEL WILLIAMS, JR.
RANDY CONN
GREGORY SHIERLING
ROBERT H GILSTRAP
ROBERT H GILSTRAP
BLAKE W LINDERS
JESSICA E LUCAS
BENJAMIN FREEMAN
NICHOLAS KARAVITES
WALTER NOWAKOWSKI
ROSA ALICIA YUNES
ROSA ALICIA YUNES
TRINA GENDRON
TRINA GENDRON
DAVID A BEAR
DAVID A BEAR
DAVID A BEAR
DAVID A BEAR
GUY T BUCCIFERRO, III
GUY T BUCCIFERRO, III
GUY T BUCCIFERRO, III
GUY T BUCCIFERRO, III
GUY T BUCCIFERRO, III
TANYA LAWRENCE
DERRICK TAYLOR
JOHN CARNAGIO
MARVIN SPENCE
JASON NELSON
CHRISTOPHER PRUCNAL
JAYME SCHENK
TIMOTHY W MCCARTHY
RICHARD C SCHMITT
GLENN J KARPINSKE
DAVID A BEAR
DERRICK TAYLOR
DERRICK TAYLOR
DERRICK TAYLOR
LAURA HERRERA
MARTIN L DAVIS
NICHOLAS KORY
JOHNNY FUNKHOUSER
GUY T BUCCIFERRO, III
BENJAMIN FREEMAN
DAVID A BEAR
DAVID A BEAR
BENJAMIN FREEMAN
RODNEY LUBEZNIK
JESSICA E LUCAS
DAVID A BEAR
RANDY CONN
KIMBERLY A DERRINGER
KIMBERLY A DERRINGER
MICHAEL P KASPRZYK
MICHAEL P KASPRZYK
MICHAEL P KASPRZYK
MICHAEL P KASPRZYK
MICHAEL P KASPRZYK
MICHAEL P KASPRZYK
MICHAEL P KASPRZYK
MICHAEL P KASPRZYK
MICHAEL P KASPRZYK
WILLIAM HUNTER BASDEN
ANTHONY J LARDAS
JOHN A LARDAS
NANCY PLOCK
GUY T BUCCIFERRO, III
DAVID A BEAR
NATHAN PAPPAS
RICHARD C SCHMITT

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
3249 BELVIDERE ROAD, PARK CITY, IL 60085
1032 N NORTHWEST HWY, PARK RIDGE, IL 60068-1831
1013 COURT ST, PEKIN, IL 61554-4817
3291 COURT ST, PEKIN, IL 61554-6208
3600 NORTH UNIVERSITY STREET, PEORIA, IL 61604
2205 N KNOXVILLE, PEORIA, IL 61603
2320 W WAR MEMORIAL DRIVE, PEORIA, IL 61614
10701 N KNOXVILLE, PEORIA, IL 61615
7720 N UNIVERSITY, PEORIA, IL 61614
4007 W BARRING TRCE, PEORIA, IL 61615
3717 N PROSPECT, PEORIA HEIGHTS, IL 61614-7742
701 ORIOLE DR, PEOTONE, IL 60468
924 SHOOTING PARK RD, PERU, IL 61354-1874
5251 TROMPETER ROAD, PERU, IL 61354-9616
10 W WATER ST, PINCKNEYVILLE, IL 62274
524 W WASHINGTON, PITTSFIELD, IL 62363-1348
15810 S RT 59, PLAINFIELD, IL 60544
12501 S ROUTE 59, PLAINFIELD, IL 60544
13546 STATE ROUTE 30, PLAINFIELD, IL 60544
12704 E ROUTE 34, PLANO, IL 60545
960 W REYNOLDS ST, PONTIAC, IL 61764
2 ENGINEER ROAD, PONTOON BEACH, IL 62040
2139 N MAIN ST, PRINCETON, IL 61356
1301 BROADWAY STREET, QUINCY, IL 62301-2813
3201 E BROADWAY, QUINCY, IL 62301-3711
4805 BROADWAY STREET, QUINCY, IL 62305
711 W CHAMPAIGN, RANTOUL, IL 61866-2116
1422 S MAIN, RED BUD, IL 62278
4855 W SAUK TRL, RICHTON PARK, IL 60411
626 N HARLEM, RIVER FOREST, IL 60305-1933
1402 W MAIN STREET, ROBINSON, IL 62454
1120 NORTH 7TH STREET, ROCHELLE, IL 61068
892 RANGER RD, ROCHELLE, IL 61068
2950 11TH ST, ROCK ISLAND, IL 61201-5218
1813 30TH ST, ROCK ISLAND, IL 61201-4728
1441 KISHWAUKEE ST, ROCKFORD, IL 61104-4844
3710 AUBURN ST, ROCKFORD, IL 61101
3858 NORTHRIDGE DR, ROCKFORD, IL 61114-4772
930 W RIVERSIDE BLVD, ROCKFORD, IL 61103
314 N MULFORD RD, ROCKFORD, IL 61107-5158
4365 11TH ST, ROCKFORD, IL 61109-3027
1032 E STATE ST, ROCKFORD, IL 61104
4623 STATE ST, ROCKFORD, IL 61108
13454 QUAIL TRAIL, ROCKTON, IL 61073
1775 ALGONQUIN RD, ROLLING MEADOWS, IL 60008-4112
3140 KIRCHOFF RD, ROLLING MEADOWS, IL 60008
778 S WEBER ROAD, ROMEOVILLE, IL 60446
645 N INDEPENDENCE BLVD, ROMEOVILLE, IL 60446
439 E IRVING PARK ROAD, ROSELLE, IL 60172-2001
6150 N RIVER RD, ROSEMONT, IL 60018
774 ROLLINS RD, ROUND LAKE BEACH, IL 60073
1500 W MAIN ST (US RTE 50), SALEM, IL 62881
120 INDIAN SPRINGS DR, SANDWICH, IL 60548
1240 CHICAGO AVE, SAVANNA, IL 61074
955 E GOLF RD, SCHAUMBURG, IL 60173
775 E ALGONQUIN RD, SCHAUMBURG, IL 60173
550 S ROSELLE RD, SCHAUMBURG, IL 60193
2545 W SCHAUMBURG RD, SCHAUMBURG, IL 60193
9449 W IRVING PARK RD, SCHILLER PARK, IL 60176
1012 W MAIN ST, SHELBYVILLE, IL 62565
631 BROOKFOREST AVE, SHOREWOOD, IL 60404
4830 DEMPSTER STREET, SKOKIE, IL 60077-2253
15766 MANCHESTER RD, SOUTH BELOIT, IL 61080
100 W SAUK TRL, SOUTH CHICAGO HEIGHTS, IL 60411
100 N MCLEAN BLVD, SOUTH ELGIN, IL 60177
453 REDINGTON DRIVE, SOUTH ELGIN, IL 60177
I-294 LINCOLN OASIS, SOUTH HOLLAND, IL 60473
801 EAST 162ND ST, SOUTH HOLLAND, IL 60473-2441
IL RTE 4 SPARTA SQUARE, SPARTA, IL 62286
2451 ROUTE 12, SPRING GROVE, IL 60081
800 W DAKOTA ST, SPRING VALLEY, IL 61362
3035 S CHATHAM RD, SPRINGFIELD, IL 62704
2303 W MONROE, SPRINGFIELD, IL 62704
522 W JEFFERSON ST, SPRINGFIELD, IL 62702-5014
3151 DIRKSEN PKY, SPRINGFIELD, IL 62703-4501
3208 EAST CLEAR LAKE AVENUE, SPRINGFIELD, IL 62702-6200
501 S GRAND AVENUE EAST, SPRINGFIELD, IL 62703
3250 S 6TH ST, SPRINGFIELD, IL 62701
3420 FREEDOM DR, SPRINGFIELD, IL 62703
861 TORONTO RD, SPRINGFIELD, IL 62703
2100 N DIRKSEN PKY, SPRINGFIELD, IL 62702
4301 W WABASH AVENUE, SPRINGFIELD, IL 62711
40W225 STATE ROUTE 64, ST CHARLES, IL 60175
3900 E MAIN ST, ST CHARLES, IL 60174
1915 W MAIN ST, ST CHARLES, IL 60174
2415 E LINCOLN WAY, STERLING, IL 61081-3049
601 E NORTH AVE, STOCKTON, IL 61085
91 W IRVING PARK RD, STREAMWOOD, IL 60107
1602 N BLOOMINGTON, STREATOR, IL 61364
523 N STATE ROUTE 47, SUGAR GROVE, IL 60554

47

TELEPHONE
847-249-1050
847-823-0700
309-347-5696
309-353-5880
309-685-9397
309-685-4759
309-679-9703
309-243-1771
309-692-0712
309-693-3540
309-686-1337
708-258-0006
815-223-5216
815-223-5600
618-357-3756
217-285-5659
815-436-1623
815-577-0133
815-254-0356
630-552-7084
815-842-2522
618-797-7924
815-872-2281
217-223-0002
217-222-8191
217-214-7641
217-893-4484
618-282-1717
708-747-8820
708-771-5189
618-544-2859
815-562-8208
815-561-8827
309-788-8277
309-788-4245
815-962-2100
815-965-5700
815-877-1775
815-877-3028
815-398-7117
815-229-8540
815-963-2495
815-397-4827
815-624-0092
847-806-0660
847-670-0780
815-267-7826
815-886-0042
630-529-8208
847-825-3100
847-546-1500
618-548-2513
815-786-2519
815-273-7771
847-598-6300
847-397-3032
847-891-4740
847-301-6384
847-928-2840
217-774-2939
815-725-4580
847-745-9215
815-704-0071
708-756-2218
847-931-9966
847-488-0200
708-596-3195
708-339-2577
618-443-5832
815-675-0004
815-663-7001
217-546-9136
217-546-4319
217-544-9055
217-529-1928
217-744-3550
217-522-5866
217-529-3320
217-793-1305
217-585-1351
217-544-0677
217-546-7971
630-587-2671
630-443-6015
630-377-7445
815-626-5433
815-947-2151
630-830-2777
815-672-1003
630-466-8097

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
ANGIE M DESMOND MATLOCK
JAMES ESTEL WILLIAMS, JR.
MARTIN L DAVIS
DARREN A FREIHAGE
DARREN A FREIHAGE
DAVID GLENN EMBRY
ANGIE M DESMOND MATLOCK
BLAKE W LINDERS
BLAKE W LINDERS
GUY T BUCCIFERRO, JR.
MARTIN L DAVIS
RICHARD F PRUCNAL
BRADLEY SHORT
JOHN J O'KEEFE, JR.
JAYME SCHENK
ERNEST MASUCCI
RICHARD C SCHMITT
KENNEDY CONN
FRANCIS RUIZ
SAMUEL M LUBEZNIK
NONDAS J PLESIOTIS
NICHOLAS KARAVITES
NICHOLAS KARAVITES
NICHOLAS KARAVITES
WILLIAM H MCESSY
WILLIAM H MCESSY
JOHN A LARDAS, JR.
JOHN M MORELAND
TERRY CLARK
DAVID A BEAR
NICHOLAS KORY
JOHN CARNAGIO
DAVID A BEAR
DAVID A BEAR
MICHAEL SCHENK
MICHAEL MCGRAW
DARREN A FREIHAGE
RICHARD F PRUCNAL
MARY N MURRAY
JOHN CARNAGIO
JOHN CARNAGIO
GUY T BUCCIFERRO, III
RICHARD C SCHMITT
EDWARD H SCHMITT, JR.
ERNEST MASUCCI
WILLIAM H MCESSY
ROBERT H TERHUNE
REGINALD O JONES
JONATHAN M TERHUNE
ROBERT H TERHUNE
ROBERT H TERHUNE
ROBERT H TERHUNE
MATTHEW BALL
MATTHEW BALL
WILLIAM C BOLDT, JR.
MICHAEL H BROOKS
JAMES WONG
JAMES BUTLER
JOHN LIAPES
ERICA SHADOIN
MICHAEL T STIEGLITZ
JASON MONFORT
WALTER NOWAKOWSKI
EBRAHIM MAGHSOUD
EBRAHIM MAGHSOUD
EBRAHIM MAGHSOUD
EBRAHIM MAGHSOUD
EBRAHIM MAGHSOUD
DEAN E DIMICHELE
SUSAN B MANN
TIMOTHY JEDELE
TIMOTHY JEDELE
WILLIAM C BOLDT, JR.
KAREN HEIMKREITER
JOHN LIAPES
JOHN LIAPES
JOHN LIAPES
ANDY W BALL
RODNEY LUBEZNIK
MATTHEW BALL
JEREMY S HAMILTON
ANDREW J FRANCIS JR
JOHN LIAPES
MOHOMMED MOALIKYAR
VICTOR M RIVERA
JOSE D GUTIERREZ
MICHAEL T STIEGLITZ
RODNEY LUBEZNIK
JAMES WONG
BLAKE KOSANOVICH

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
11 W JACKSON, SULLIVAN, IL 61951-1420
2605 N ILLINOIS, SWANSEA, IL 62226
401 SPRESSOR, TAYLORVILLE, IL 62568
17171 S HARLEM AVE, TINLEY PARK, IL 60477-3369
15920 S HARLEM, TINLEY PARK, IL 60477-1610
103 MCDONALD S LANE, TROY, IL 62294-1375
1005 E SOUTHLINE RD, TUSCOLA, IL 61953-9801
601 N CUNNINGHAM, URBANA, IL 61801-1721
1705 S PHILO ROAD, URBANA, IL 61801-6013
3020 E 8TH ROAD, UTICA, IL 61373
820 VETERANS AVE, VANDALIA, IL 62471-3301
700 N MILWAUKEE, VERNON HILLS, IL 60061
707 E VINE ST, VIENNA, IL 62995
350 E ST CHARLES RD, VILLA PARK, IL 60181
31667 HWY 12, VOLO, IL 60073
39105 US HWY 41, WADSWORTH, IL 60083
2S606 RT 59, WARRENVILLE, IL 60555
1400 WEST PEORIA STREET, WASHINGTON, IL 61571
176 MARKETPLACE DRIVE, WATERLOO, IL 62298
504 W WALNUT ST, WATSEKA, IL 60970
511 W LIBERTY ST, WAUCONDA, IL 60084-2470
304 NORTH SHERIDAN ROAD, WAUKEGAN, IL 60085-4232
1010 S WAUKEGAN ROAD, WAUKEGAN, IL 60085
3900 FOUNTAIN SQUARE PLACE (WM #3891), WAUKEGAN, IL 60085
1939 N LEWIS AVE, WAUKEGAN, IL 60085
3301 W GRAND AVE, WAUKEGAN, IL 60085-2205
89 W NORTH AVE, WEST CHICAGO, IL 60185
2 WEST FRANKFORT PLAZA, WEST FRANKFORT, IL 62896
627 N WESTERN, WEST PEORIA, IL 61604
11110 WEST 31ST STREET, WESTCHESTER, IL 60154
31 E 63RD ST, WESTMONT, IL 60559-2601
2030 S NAPERVILLE RD, WHEATON, IL 60187-8171
188 E DUNDEE RD, WHEELING, IL 60090-3033
1355 LAKE COOK ROAD, WHEELING, IL 60090
1200 S MILWAUKEE, WHEELING, IL 60070-6310
991 ANN RUTLEDGE DRIVE, WILLIAMSVILLE, IL 62693
1055 S WATER STREET, WILMINGTON, IL 60481-1666
858 GREENBAY RD, WINNETKA, IL 60093-1853
1156 VAUGHN RD, WOOD RIVER, IL 62095
2310 W 75TH ST, WOODRIDGE, IL 60517-2301
2401 63RD ST, WOODRIDGE, IL 60517
250 S EASTWOOD DR, WOODSTOCK, IL 60098
2007 S BRIDGE ST, YORKVILLE, IL 60560
3 W VETERANS PKY, YORKVILLE, IL 60560
4545 IL ROUTE -173, ZION, IL 60099
2028 SHERIDAN RD, ZION, IL 60099-4119
1080 W WALNUT, ALBANY, IN 47320
1503 N PARK STREET, ALEXANDRIA, IN 46001
111 W 14TH ST, ANDERSON, IN 46016
2014 SCATTERFIELD RD, ANDERSON, IN 46013
2830 N BROADWAY, ANDERSON, IN 46012
5233 SCATTERFIELD RD, ANDERSON, IN 46013-2923
1650 N WAYNE ST, ANGOLA, IN 46703
3021 W MAUMEE, ANGOLA, IN 46703
10450 STATE HWY 10, ARGOS, IN 46501
201 W JACKSON ST, ATTICA, IN 47918
828 E ALBION ST, AVILLA, IN 46710
10747 E US 36, AVON, IN 46123
6856 E US HWY 36, AVON, IN 46122-9181
320 CROSS COUNTY PLAZA, BATESVILLE, IN 47006-8914
3302 W 16TH ST, BEDFORD, IN 47421-3518
776 US HWY 27 N, BERNE, IN 46711-1021
401 W 11TH ST, BICKNELL, IN 47512
2300 N WALNUT ST, BLOOMINGTON, IN 47404
2819 E 3RD ST, BLOOMINGTON, IN 47401-5434
2910 W 3RD ST, BLOOMINGTON, IN 47404
1919 S WALNUT ST, BLOOMINGTON, IN 47401-6559
4499 W STATE ROAD 46, BLOOMINGTON, IN 47404
984 N MAIN ST, BLUFFTON, IN 46714
701 W LOCUST ST, BOONVILLE, IN 47601-1531
907 E NATIONAL AVE, BRAZIL, IN 47834-2705
4376 N ST RD 59, BRAZIL, IN 47834
1435 PLYMOUTH ST, BREMEN, IN 46506
834 MAIN ST, BROOKVILLE, IN 47012-1445
1031 N GREEN ST, BROWNSBURG, IN 46112-1034
873 E MAIN ST, BROWNSBURG, IN 46112
4490 GIPPER WAY, BROWNSBURG, IN 46112
321 N MAIN ST, BROWNSTOWN, IN 47220
243 MELTON ROAD, BURNS HARBOR, IN 46304
533 W MAIN ST, BUTLER, IN 46721
14243 FRONTAGE RD, CAMBRIDGE CITY, IN 47327-9802
8270 WINDFALL LN, CAMBY, IN 46113
11550 N ILLINOIS, CARMEL, IN 46032
750 E CARMEL DR, CARMEL, IN 46033
15101 THATCHER LANE, CARMEL, IN 46032
13312 WICKER AVE, CEDAR LAKE, IN 46303
100 HWY 160 E, CHARLESTOWN, IN 47111
480 INDIAN BOUNDARY LINE RD, CHESTERTON, IN 46304-1513
561 S MAIN, CHURUBUSCO, IN 46723
1015 S PERU, CICERO, IN 46034

48

TELEPHONE
217-728-2341
618-277-0379
217-824-4976
708-429-4616
708-614-0843
618-667-6252
217-253-5266
217-367-3722
217-337-6599
815-667-9969
618-283-2711
847-816-1990
618-658-7086
630-530-0187
815-759-0644
847-623-8334
630-393-6685
309-444-9312
618-939-3121
815-432-0896
847-526-0288
847-244-6280
847-473-4915
847-473-4116
847-662-8784
847-623-8063
630-293-4986
618-937-4900
309-676-1633
708-531-1236
630-968-3868
630-690-4658
847-541-8487
847-229-1891
847-541-3100
217-566-2011
815-476-5272
847-386-6154
618-258-9147
630-852-3546
630-241-3562
815-338-3025
630-553-1893
630-553-9393
847-978-4106
847-746-2177
765-789-8276
765-705-2099
765-642-2273
765-649-4707
765-643-1557
765-640-9737
260-665-8342
260-665-2386
574-892-9757
765-764-0700
260-897-4051
317-271-8530
317-272-6926
812-934-4242
812-275-4605
260-589-2327
812-735-3407
812-332-9618
812-332-7184
812-332-8950
812-334-3637
812-876-0987
260-824-0433
812-897-1168
812-448-1590
812-448-3493
574-546-3869
765-647-3757
317-852-6133
317-858-9610
317-451-5273
812-358-4551
219-787-8288
260-868-9917
765-478-5170
317-821-1585
317-816-1286
317-846-9776
317-844-4166
219-374-8698
812-256-3712
219-926-7444
260-693-1657
317-984-3264

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
EMILY KASSELMANN
NICHOLAS J KASPRZYK
PAUL R JEDELE
ANDY W BALL
ANDY W BALL
ANDY W BALL
ERIC P MOORE
MATTHEW DODD
BLAKE W LINDERS
PAUL R JEDELE
PAUL R JEDELE
SHERRI ASHBY MODRAK
JACK LUBEZNIK
JEFFERY A TEMPLIN
ROBERT H TERHUNE
JOHN LIAPES
JASON MONFORT
DEAN E DIMICHELE
MAUREEN KOSANOVICH
BENJAMIN FREEMAN
JACK LUBEZNIK
RODNEY LUBEZNIK
ANDY W BALL
ESTEPHAN AWAD
ESTEPHAN AWAD
ESTEPHAN AWAD
ESTEPHAN AWAD
ESTEPHAN AWAD
REGINALD O JONES
IVAN CARVAJAL
IVAN CARVAJAL
IVAN CARVAJAL
IVAN CARVAJAL
JOSEPH KENWORTHY, III
JOSEPH KENWORTHY, III
JOSEPH KENWORTHY, III
SUSAN B MANN
SUSAN B MANN
SUSAN B MANN
SUSAN B MANN
MICHAEL L BURRELL
KELSEY BURRELL HAMLET
SUSAN B MANN
ERIC P MOORE
ERIC P MOORE
ERIC P MOORE
ERIC P MOORE
MICHAEL T STIEGLITZ
JAMES WONG
JAMES WONG
JAMES WONG
JAMES WONG
DEAN E DIMICHELE
DEAN E DIMICHELE
DEAN E DIMICHELE
ERNEST JON LAFONTANT
ERNEST JON LAFONTANT
ERNEST JON LAFONTANT
ANDY W BALL
ANDY W BALL
MATTHEW BALL
RODNEY LUBEZNIK
RODNEY LUBEZNIK
RODNEY LUBEZNIK
NICHOLAS R TERHUNE
MICHAEL T STIEGLITZ
ESTEPHAN AWAD
ESTEPHAN AWAD
ESTEPHAN AWAD
JAY OKAYAMA
TIMOTHY JEDELE
ERICA SHADOIN
ERIC P MOORE
ERIC P MOORE
ANDY W BALL
VICTOR M RIVERA
PAUL WOJTOWICZ
PAUL WOJTOWICZ
ZACHARY L WOJTOWICZ
AKINS AKINNAGBE
RODNEY LUBEZNIK
RODNEY LUBEZNIK
RODNEY LUBEZNIK
EMILY KASSELMANN
DEAN E DIMICHELE
NICOLE UMFLEET
JOSE D GUTIERREZ
NICOLE UMFLEET
NICOLE UMFLEET
JEFFERY A TEMPLIN

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
1420 EASTERN BLVD, CLARKSVILLE, IN 47129-1706
1796 E STATE RD 163, CLINTON, IN 47842
1033 N MAIN, CLOVERDALE, IN 46120-9706
1880 NATIONAL RD, COLUMBUS, IN 47201-4503
2205 JONATHON MOORE PIKE, COLUMBUS, IN 47201-4727
611 3RD STREET, COLUMBUS, IN 47201
518 W 30TH ST, CONNERSVILLE, IN 47331-2502
2035 OLD ST RD 135 N, CORYDON, IN 47112
221 PEARL STREET, COVINGTON, IN 47932
1508 S WASHINGTON, CRAWFORDSVILLE, IN 47933-3813
1000 SMITH RD, CRAWFORDSVILLE, IN 47933-1076
10885 RANDOLPH STREET, CROWN POINT, IN 46307
501 E 109TH PLACE, CROWN POINT, IN 46307
135 N MAIN ST, CROWN POINT, IN 46307-4064
15881 W COMMERCE, DALEVILLE, IN 47334
801 E MAIN ST, DANVILLE, IN 46122
410 N 13TH ST, DECATUR, IN 46733-1256
501 W MAIN ST, DELPHI, IN 46923
338 N HALLECK, DEMOTTE, IN 46310-9419
915 JOLIET ROAD, DYER, IN 46311
1811 E COLUMBUS DRIVE, EAST CHICAGO, IN 46312-2825
4745 INDIANAPOLIS BLVD, EAST CHICAGO, IN 46312-3327
11995 N US HWY 31, EDINBURGH, IN 46124
130 N MAIN ST, ELKHART, IN 46514
1430 S NAPPANEE ST, ELKHART, IN 46516
2808 N CASSOPOLIS ST, ELKHART, IN 46514-5532
3429 S MAIN STREET, ELKHART, IN 46517-3125
21879 STATE HWY 120, ELKHART, IN 46514
7340 W STATE ROAD 28, ELWOOD, IN 46036
19700 US HWY 41 N, EVANSVILLE, IN 47725
999 E MOUNT PLEASANT RD, EVANSVILLE, IN 47725
3700 NORTH FIRST AVE, EVANSVILLE, IN 47710
1617 BARTLETT AVE, EVANSVILLE, IN 47711
20 N MAIN STREET, EVANSVILLE, IN 47710
49 BURKHARDT RD, EVANSVILLE, IN 47715-2725
3350 N GREEN RIVER RD, EVANSVILLE, IN 47715-1352
4701 LINCOLN AVENUE, EVANSVILLE, IN 47715
2960 COVERT AVE, EVANSVILLE, IN 47714-4033
799 N GREEN RIVER RD, EVANSVILLE, IN 47715-2415
1148 WASHINGTON AVE, EVANSVILLE, IN 47714
115 S ROSENBERGER, EVANSVILLE, IN 47712-5900
909 N ST JOSEPH AVE, EVANSVILLE, IN 47712
25 INDUSTRIAL PARK RD, FERDINAND, IN 47532
8907 E 116TH ST, FISHERS, IN 46038
9611 NORTH BY NE BLVD, FISHERS, IN 46038
9290 E 131ST ST, FISHERS, IN 46038-3553
11909 FISHERS CROSSING DRIVE, FISHERS, IN 46038
600 LAFOLLETTE STATION, FLOYDS KNOBS, IN 47119
5703 W JEFFERSON ST, FORT WAYNE, IN 46804-1672
10310 ILLINOIS RD, FORT WAYNE, IN 46814
515 W JEFFERSON, FORT WAYNE, IN 46802-2905
7640 S ANTHONY BLVD, FORT WAYNE, IN 46816
3202 ST JOE CENTER ROAD, FORT WAYNE, IN 46835
202 E RUDISILL, FORT WAYNE, IN 46806
9827 LIMA ROAD, FORT WAYNE, IN 46818
1103 GOSHEN RD, FORT WAYNE, IN 46808-2029
1333 W WASHINGTON CENTER RD, FORT WAYNE, IN 46825-4142
5225 E DUPONT RD, FORT WAYNE, IN 46845
1139 N MORTON ST, FRANKLIN, IN 46131-1257
2080 E KING ST, FRANKLIN, IN 46131
6800 N OLD US 27, FREMONT, IN 46737
761 S LAKE STREET, GARY, IN 46403-2916
3520 GRANT STREET, GARY, IN 46408-1422
1527 W 5TH AVE, GARY, IN 46402
1040 E MAIN ST, GAS CITY, IN 46933
1051 N LUTHER RD, GEORGETOWN, IN 47122-9123
1706 ELKHART RD, GOSHEN, IN 46526-1940
2001 LINCOLNWAY E, GOSHEN, IN 46526-6416
18423 US 20, GOSHEN, IN 46528
12880 ST RD 23, GRANGER, IN 46530
940 INDIANAPOLIS ST, GREENCASTLE, IN 46135
595 E EADS PKY, GREENDALE, IN 47025
1490 N STATE ST, GREENFIELD, IN 46140-1058
2290 N 600 W, GREENFIELD, IN 46140-9643
1903 N LINCOLN ST, GREENSBURG, IN 47240-1255
1197 S PARK DR, GREENWOOD, IN 46143-9059
121 MARLIN DR, GREENWOOD, IN 46142
2252 US HWY 31 S, GREENWOOD, IN 46143
2556 SOUTH SR 135, GREENWOOD, IN 46143
3639 169TH ST, HAMMOND, IN 46323
6437 COLUMBIA AVE, HAMMOND, IN 46320-2747
7420 KENNEDY AVENUE, HAMMOND, IN 46323
4615 CALUMET AVE, HAMMOND, IN 46327
470 E LAGRANGE RD, HANOVER, IN 47243
1903 N WALNUT ST, HARTFORD CITY, IN 47348-1363
3150 E 181ST PLACE, HEBRON, IN 46341
10326 INDIANAPOLIS BLVD, HIGHLAND, IN 46322
9117 INDIANAPOLIS BLVD, HIGHLAND, IN 46322
3904 RIDGE ROAD, HIGHLAND, IN 46322
7915 EAST RIDGE RD, HOBART, IN 46342-2454

49

TELEPHONE
812-282-7481
765-832-5975
765-795-3332
812-379-4969
812-372-1173
812-314-0105
765-825-3551
812-738-1300
765-793-7550
765-362-3855
765-364-9869
219-662-1996
219-213-2664
219-663-8266
765-378-3440
317-745-4440
260-724-8812
765-564-9210
219-987-7303
219-865-9480
219-398-3338
219-397-8000
812-526-8458
574-293-2403
574-326-3928
574-327-6188
574-326-3053
574-326-3618
765-551-8069
812-867-0480
812-867-9003
812-422-8005
812-425-5922
812-425-0635
812-476-8422
812-471-3015
812-477-7041
812-477-0279
812-473-0223
812-773-3065
812-421-0569
812-422-8717
812-998-2023
317-842-0013
317-578-2028
317-578-1432
317-841-1048
812-923-9278
260-432-7267
260-625-5282
260-420-7845
260-447-3200
260-485-8625
260-745-5511
260-489-4205
260-483-8355
260-489-4708
260-739-7904
317-738-3224
317-738-4471
260-833-7067
219-938-8299
219-887-1927
219-885-2299
765-674-6971
812-923-2814
574-533-1015
574-533-9565
574-343-2030
574-271-1800
765-653-3715
812-537-9316
317-462-9618
317-894-4132
812-663-9300
317-889-9949
317-882-8097
317-883-2563
317-535-9800
219-845-8625
219-933-7077
219-845-0554
219-932-3217
812-866-6619
765-348-4871
219-690-1633
219-924-8397
219-923-9634
219-923-2736
219-942-4145

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
SUSAN B MANN
JAMES WONG
ANDY W BALL
JAMES BUTLER
JAMES BUTLER
JAMES BUTLER
GARY N ELEY
LAURIE A HENRY
LAURIE A HENRY
LAURIE A HENRY
REGINALD O JONES
REGINALD O JONES
BLAKE KOSANOVICH
JOHN LIAPES
MOHOMMED MOALIKYAR
MOHOMMED MOALIKYAR
RAHI A MOALIKYAR
ERIC P MOORE
JAMES S POORE
JAMES S POORE
JAMES S POORE
JAMES S POORE
JAMES S POORE
VICTOR M RIVERA
VICTOR M RIVERA
VICTOR M RIVERA
VICTOR M RIVERA
VICTOR M RIVERA
VICTOR M RIVERA
VICTOR M RIVERA
VICTOR M RIVERA
JOSEPH SILVA
JOSEPH SILVA
VALERIE SILVA
HARRY L SMITH
MYASHA L SMITH
MYASHA L SMITH
MYASHA L SMITH
MYASHA L SMITH
MYASHA L SMITH
MYASHA L SMITH
ZAFAR M TABASSUM
ZAFAR M TABASSUM
PETER WOJTOWICZ
PETER WOJTOWICZ
PETER WOJTOWICZ
PETER WOJTOWICZ
PETER WOJTOWICZ
PETER WOJTOWICZ
PETER WOJTOWICZ
SUSAN B MANN
SUSAN B MANN
SEAN BAUER
SEAN BAUER
SEAN BAUER
EMILY KASSELMANN
SAMUEL M LUBEZNIK
VANESSA MOORE
WILLIAM C BOLDT, JR.
BLAKE KOSANOVICH
BRYCE MOORE
BRYCE MOORE
BRYCE MOORE
BRYCE MOORE
SAMUEL M LUBEZNIK
SAMUEL M LUBEZNIK
MICHAEL DUDLEY
MICHAEL H BROOKS
MICHAEL H BROOKS
RAHI A MOALIKYAR
RAHI A MOALIKYAR
WILLIAM C BOLDT, JR.
ERIC P MOORE
ERICA SHADOIN
KAREN HEIMKREITER
ESTEPHAN AWAD
WALTER NOWAKOWSKI
DEAN E DIMICHELE
DEAN E DIMICHELE
SUSAN B MANN
WILLIAM T MODRAK
EMILY KASSELMANN
DEAN E DIMICHELE
DEAN E DIMICHELE
NICOLE K DIMICHELE
MICHAEL T STIEGLITZ
REGINALD O JONES
SEAN BAUER
SHERRI ASHBY MODRAK
AKINS AKINNAGBE

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
520 N MAIN ST, HUNTINGBURG, IN 47542
60 HOME ST, HUNTINGTON, IN 46750-1346
4941 KNIGHTS WAY, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46217-9330
7236 W 10TH ST, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46224
3501 W 86TH ST, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46268-1930
1445 W 86TH ST, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46260
9851 E WASHINGTON ST, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46229-3037
5140 W WASHINGTON ST, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46241-2206
6830 W 38TH ST, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46254-3910
INDIANAPOLIS AIRPORT - IND, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46241
5199 N KEYSTONE AVE, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46205-1518
9521 HAVER WAY, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46240
4705 E 10TH ST, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46201
9536 N MERIDIAN, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46260-1311
3745 N POST RD, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46226-6063
4545 W 38TH ST, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46254
9833 FALL CREEK RD, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46256
6155 CRAWFORDSVILLE RD, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46224-3711
3435 W 16TH ST, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46222-2659
3828 W MORRIS ST, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46241-2618
6056 W 71ST ST, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46268
4802 W 57TH ST, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46254-1418
5617 N MICHIGAN RD, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46228
5416 S EAST ST, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46227-1920
2230 S SHERMAN DR, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46203-4854
2830 S MADISON, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46225-2406
4044 E SOUTHPORT ROAD, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46227
4541 S EMERSON, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46203-5931
3909 W 96TH ST, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46268-3155
3649 S KEYSTONE AVENUE, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46227
5935 MADISON AVE, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46227
7229 E WASHINGTON, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46219
2551 EMERSON AVE, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46218
37 W 38TH ST, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46208-4349
1934 N SHADELAND AVE, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46219
7190 PENDLETON PIKE, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46226-5172
6061 E 82ND ST, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46250-1524
7000 N GRAHAM RD, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46220-4018
6840 W WASHINGTON ST, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46241-2937
2425 E 38TH ST, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46218-1157
4906 KENTUCKY AVE, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46221
1020 BROAD RIPPLE AVE, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46220
1611 N MERIDIAN ST, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46202-1401
2524 S COUNTY LINE RD E, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46227-6317
3021 SOUTHEASTERN AVENUE, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46203-1453
3515 S POST RD, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46239
7911 US 31 SOUTH, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46227
5030 SOUTHPORT CROSSING PL, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46227
7822 BROOKVILLE ROAD, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46239
8148 E SOUTHPORT RD, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46259
450 HWY 231 S, JASPER, IN 47547
4130 NEWTON ST, JASPER, IN 47546
3000 E 10TH ST, JEFFERSONVILLE, IN 47130-5902
5506 HWY 62, JEFFERSONVILLE, IN 47130
927 INDIANA AVENUE, JEFFERSONVILLE, IN 47130
1630 VETERANS PARKWAY, JEFFERSONVILLE, IN 47130
104 N 7TH STREET, KENTLAND, IN 47951
6190 SOUTH STATE ROAD 109, KNIGHTSTOWN, IN 46148
1411 S HEATON ST, KNOX, IN 46534-2315
201 E LINCOLN RD, KOKOMO, IN 46902-3562
1735 E MARKLAND AVE, KOKOMO, IN 46901-6233
2331 W SYCAMORE ST, KOKOMO, IN 46901-4107
515 E ALTO RD, KOKOMO, IN 46902-4312
1304 N REED RD, KOKOMO, IN 46901-2590
164 PINE LAKE RD, LA PORTE, IN 46350
200 BOYD BOULEVARD, LA PORTE, IN 46350
2333 SAGAMORE PKWY S, LAFAYETTE, IN 47905-5113
2812 OLD US 231 S, LAFAYETTE, IN 47909
3606 OSBORNE LANE, LAFAYETTE, IN 47909
510 SAGAMORE PKWY N, LAFAYETTE, IN 47904-2828
4200 SOUTH STREET, LAFAYETTE, IN 47905-4817
613 DETROIT ST, LAGRANGE, IN 46761
10955 PENDLETON PIKE, LAWRENCE, IN 46256
860 W EADS PKY, LAWRENCEBURG, IN 47025
24072 STATE LINE ROAD, LAWRENCEBURG, IN 47025
1320 LINCOLNWAY S, LIGONIER, IN 46767
2251 NW A ST, LINTON, IN 47441
3201 E MARKET ST, LOGANSPORT, IN 46947
611 W MARKET ST, LOGANSPORT, IN 46947
106 E BROADWAY, LOOGOOTEE, IN 47553
1705 E COMMERCIAL, LOWELL, IN 46356-2110
744 CLIFTY DR, MADISON, IN 47250-1613
253 TIPPY DITCH, MARION, IN 46952
3723 S WESTERN AVE, MARION, IN 46953
1225 N BALDWIN AVE, MARION, IN 46952-2533
1021 MORTON AVENUE, MARTINSVILLE, IN 46151
9707 OLIO ROAD, MCCORDSVILLE, IN 46040
13615 BLUE LICK RD, MEMPHIS, IN 47143
1939 E 80TH AVENUE, MERRILLVILE, IN 46410
6093 BROADWAY, MERRILLVILLE, IN 46410

50

TELEPHONE
812-684-0055
260-356-8016
317-787-3977
317-247-1415
317-872-3953
317-876-8955
317-898-1156
317-241-0136
317-291-5600
317-270-9008
317-202-9280
317-723-5863
317-351-4166
317-846-7038
317-897-2687
317-293-1415
317-849-3011
317-244-7552
317-632-3863
317-241-6219
317-297-3912
317-291-1920
317-259-7402
317-786-4776
317-788-1326
317-784-4492
317-755-1115
317-782-0737
317-872-2454
317-780-1184
317-791-8002
317-353-2771
317-541-1364
317-926-8326
317-356-1153
317-547-4014
317-849-5033
317-842-1467
317-247-0414
317-546-3681
317-856-8152
317-257-4649
317-920-1258
317-888-6258
317-631-3484
317-862-0904
317-882-1991
317-859-9760
317-353-2563
317-862-0854
812-482-7778
812-634-6212
812-283-0663
812-284-5380
812-590-6945
812-503-1248
219-474-9506
765-785-2090
574-772-7199
765-453-3802
765-452-0209
765-457-8784
765-455-2493
765-868-2373
219-362-5819
219-362-6717
765-448-1455
765-474-6477
765-471-9365
765-448-1433
765-448-1222
260-463-8958
317-826-9226
812-539-4324
812-637-1079
260-894-3478
812-847-2767
574-722-2337
574-753-9815
812-295-3469
219-696-8010
812-273-4460
765-662-0502
765-674-7006
765-664-5149
765-342-7049
317-335-7080
812-294-3470
219-769-1329
219-985-2050

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
SHERRI ASHBY MODRAK
JEFFERY A TEMPLIN
SAMUEL M LUBEZNIK
SAMUEL M LUBEZNIK
SAMUEL M LUBEZNIK
WILLIAM C BOLDT, JR.
JAMES NEGRE
JAY OKAYAMA
JAY OKAYAMA
JAY OKAYAMA
MICHAEL T STIEGLITZ
CHAD DIMICHELE
PAUL R JEDELE
PAUL R JEDELE
MICHAEL L BURRELL
NICHOLAS R TERHUNE
ROBERT H TERHUNE
ROBERT H TERHUNE
ROBERT H TERHUNE
NICOLE UMFLEET
WILLIAM C BOLDT, III
MICHAEL T STIEGLITZ
SEAN BAUER
SEAN BAUER
SEAN BAUER
BLAKE KOSANOVICH
VALERIE SILVA
SUSAN B MANN
TRACEY A JONES
BLAKE KOSANOVICH
ERIC P MOORE
ERIC P MOORE
JAMES WONG
MICHAEL T STIEGLITZ
NICHOLAS R TERHUNE
ROBERT H TERHUNE
DEAN E DIMICHELE
DEAN E DIMICHELE
ANDREW J FRANCIS JR
PAUL R JEDELE
HARRY L SMITH
WILLIAM C BOLDT, JR.
WILLIAM C BOLDT, JR.
RODNEY LUBEZNIK
RODNEY LUBEZNIK
RODNEY LUBEZNIK
DEAN E DIMICHELE
WALTER NOWAKOWSKI
MAUREEN KOSANOVICH
LARRY KOSANOVICH
LARRY KOSANOVICH
JEREMY S HAMILTON
KYLE J PAWLING
KYLE J PAWLING
KYLE J PAWLING
WILLIAM C BOLDT, JR.
NICHOLAS J KASPRZYK
ANDY W BALL
MICHAEL T STIEGLITZ
JOSE D GUTIERREZ
SEAN BAUER
MATTHEW DODD
MICHAEL T STIEGLITZ
MICHAEL T STIEGLITZ
ZACHARY L WOJTOWICZ
ZACHARY L WOJTOWICZ
ZACHARY L WOJTOWICZ
NICHOLAS BICAN
NICHOLAS BICAN
NICHOLAS BICAN
JAMES NEGRE
JAY OKAYAMA
JAY OKAYAMA
JAY OKAYAMA
JAY OKAYAMA
WALTER NOWAKOWSKI
JOSE D GUTIERREZ
ANDY W BALL
WALTER NOWAKOWSKI
ESTEPHAN AWAD
JOSEPH KENWORTHY, III
NICHOLAS J KASPRZYK
NICHOLAS J KASPRZYK
NICHOLAS J KASPRZYK
NICHOLAS J KASPRZYK
NICHOLAS J KASPRZYK
BLAKE KOSANOVICH
ANDY W BALL
JONATHAN M TERHUNE
RODNEY LUBEZNIK

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
2900 WEST 81ST AVENUE, MERRILLVILLE, IN 46410
6100 MISSISSIPPI STREET, MERRILLVILLE, IN 46410
3507 S FRANKLIN, MICHIGAN CITY, IN 46361
2404 E MICHIGAN BLVD, MICHIGAN CITY, IN 46360
5816 S FRANKLIN ST, MICHIGAN CITY, IN 46360
57900 STATE HWY 13, MIDDLEBURY, IN 46540
3520 BREMEN HIGHWAY, MISHAWAKA, IN 46544-6500
1011 W MCKINLEY, MISHAWAKA, IN 46545
2771 LINCOLNWAY E, MISHAWAKA, IN 46544-3535
5704 GRAPE RD, MISHAWAKA, IN 46545
2918 IN-37, MITCHELL, IN 47446-9665
726 WEST BROADWAY, MONTICELLO, IN 47960
5 W SOUTH ST, MOORESVILLE, IN 46158-1731
2299 KOGER STREET, MOORESVILLE, IN 46158
1008 E 4TH ST, MT VERNON, IN 47620
901 E MCGALLIARD ST, MUNCIE, IN 47303-2022
500 E CHARLES ST, MUNCIE, IN 47305-2610
305 SOUTH TILLOTSON AVENUE, MUNCIE, IN 47304-4358
3301 N CHADAM LN, MUNCIE, IN 47305
515 RIDGE RD, MUNSTER, IN 46321
1540 E MARKET, NAPPANEE, IN 46550-2300
501 E STATE ROAD 46, NASHVILLE, IN 47448
2621 CHARLESTOWN RD, NEW ALBANY, IN 47150-2536
2107 STATE ST, NEW ALBANY, IN 47150-4922
802 HAUSFELDT LN, NEW ALBANY, IN 47150-7270
1720 S MEMORIAL DR, NEW CASTLE, IN 47362-1214
5122 W HWY 52, NEW PALESTINE, IN 46163
7800 W HWY 66, NEWBURGH, IN 47630
13255 TEGLER DRIVE, NOBLESVILLE, IN 46060
17650 VILLAGE CENTER DRIVE, NOBLESVILLE, IN 46062-7305
1810 E CONNER STREET, NOBLESVILLE, IN 46060-3052
14625 HAZEL DELL CROSSING, NOBLESVILLE, IN 46062
1702 IN-114, NORTH MANCHESTER, IN 46962
1479 N STATE ST, NORTH VERNON, IN 47265-9483
9000 WEST INTERPARK DRIVE, PENDLETON, IN 46064
11 ENTERPRISE DRIVE, PENDLETON, IN 46064
951 W MAIN ST, PERU, IN 46970-1739
2916 W 100 N, PERU, IN 46970
6101 CAMBRIDGE WAY, PLAINFIELD, IN 46168
609 W MAIN ST, PLAINFIELD, IN 46168
2655 E MAIN ST, PLAINFIELD, IN 46168
2010 N MICHIGAN ST, PLYMOUTH, IN 46563-1048
2056 US HWY 31, PLYMOUTH, IN 46563
6120 CENTRAL AVENUE, PORTAGE, IN 46368-3602
6075 US HWY 6, PORTAGE, IN 46368
6321 AMERIPLEX DRIVE, PORTAGE, IN 46368
618 N MERIDIAN, PORTLAND, IN 47371-1134
2001 W BROADWAY, PRINCETON, IN 47670-1084
4255 US HWY 24 W, REMINGTON, IN 47977
8834 W STATE RD 114, RENSSELAER, IN 47978
819 SOUTH COLLEGE DRIVE, RENSSELAER, IN 47978
400 COMMERCE RD, RICHMOND, IN 47374-2647
1725 E MAIN ST, RICHMOND, IN 47374-5703
3126 NATIONAL RD W, RICHMOND, IN 47374-4414
2320 CHESTER BLVD, RICHMOND, IN 47374
101 MCDONALDS DR, ROCHESTER, IN 46975-4036
507 N LINCOLN RD, ROCKVILLE, IN 47872
1602 N MAIN ST, RUSHVILLE, IN 46173-1121
601 S MAIN ST, SALEM, IN 47167-1039
1855 US HWY 41, SCHERERVILLE, IN 46375-1601
1512 W MCCLAIN ST, SCOTTSBURG, IN 47170
102 ENTERPRISE WAY, SELLERSBURG, IN 47172-1061
913 EAST TIPTON ST, SEYMOUR, IN 47274
427 STEVENS WAY, SEYMOUR, IN 47274
1631 E STATE RD, SHELBYVILLE, IN 46176
10 W RAMPART RD, SHELBYVILLE, IN 46176
1851 WEST 400 NORTH, SHELBYVILLE, IN 46176
2001 S MICHIGAN ST, SOUTH BEND, IN 46613-2317
5021 WESTERN AVENUE, SOUTH BEND, IN 46619-2311
416 N MICHIGAN ST, SOUTH BEND, IN 46601-1228
4711 S MIAMI, SOUTH BEND, IN 46614-3225
52665 SR 933, SOUTH BEND, IN 46637
1519 NORTH IRONWOOD DRIVE, SOUTH BEND, IN 46635
1850 LINCOLNWAY E, SOUTH BEND, IN 46613-3423
3402 PORTAGE AVE, SOUTH BEND, IN 46628
480 E MORGAN AVE, SPENCER, IN 47460
9769 WICKER AVE, ST JOHN, IN 46373
7880 N OLD US HWY 421, ST PAUL, IN 47272
755 W STATE ROAD 154, SULLIVAN, IN 47882
902 S HUNTINGTON ST, SYRACUSE, IN 46567
149 E HWY 66, TELL CITY, IN 47586
3032 WABASH, TERRE HAUTE, IN 47803-1516
2111 LAFAYETTE AVE, TERRE HAUTE, IN 47805-2917
3606 S US HIGHWAY 41, TERRE HAUTE, IN 47802
222 S 3RD ST, TERRE HAUTE, IN 47807-3409
2633 STATE RD 46, TERRE HAUTE, IN 47803
805 E JEFFERSON ST, TIPTON, IN 46072-1853
706 W TRAFALGER POINTE WAY, TRAFALGAR, IN 46181
115 S COLUMBIA, UNION CITY, IN 47390
2002 CALUMET AVENUE, VALPARAISO, IN 46383-2706

51

TELEPHONE
219-769-4330
219-947-4044
219-872-0411
219-874-7772
219-878-2642
574-825-5062
574-222-2310
574-255-5992
574-255-2616
574-272-5226
812-849-6800
574-583-8030
317-831-6300
317-539-4525
812-838-1800
765-282-2778
765-284-8848
765-284-6047
765-286-2046
219-836-1969
574-773-3511
812-988-4452
812-944-2970
812-948-1675
812-941-1186
765-529-2970
317-861-4026
812-853-6378
317-773-0873
317-896-1081
317-774-0493
317-816-0675
260-982-4419
812-346-4006
317-485-4244
765-778-7676
765-472-3540
765-472-2817
317-839-1241
317-838-8982
317-839-5828
574-936-9522
574-784-2100
219-762-9453
219-763-1810
219-762-0900
260-726-9506
812-385-5296
219-261-2589
219-866-4408
219-866-4174
765-962-5073
765-966-4021
765-935-2979
765-965-0421
574-223-9473
812-748-8830
765-932-5545
812-883-1976
219-322-6005
812-752-6400
812-246-5190
812-522-3868
812-523-3866
317-398-0257
317-392-3312
317-398-1060
574-217-8734
574-234-1716
574-855-3527
574-291-8838
574-277-0810
574-277-0193
574-287-9843
574-273-4907
812-829-2630
219-365-3932
765-525-4000
812-268-5420
574-457-5220
812-547-3444
812-234-3032
812-466-2844
812-232-1010
812-234-2207
812-877-6440
765-675-7645
317-878-4243
765-964-7000
219-462-7278

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
RODNEY LUBEZNIK
RODNEY LUBEZNIK
RODNEY LUBEZNIK
ERICA SHADOIN
WALTER NOWAKOWSKI
WALTER NOWAKOWSKI
DEAN E DIMICHELE
ESTEPHAN AWAD
WILLIAM C BOLDT, JR.
JAMES WONG
JAMES WONG
WILLIAM C BOLDT, JR.
WILLIAM C BOLDT, JR.
WALTER NOWAKOWSKI
MICHAEL T STIEGLITZ
CHAD DIMICHELE
DEAN E DIMICHELE
LAURIE A HENRY
LAURIE A HENRY
LAURIE A HENRY
BLAKE KOSANOVICH
GLENN LUBEZNIK
ANDY W BALL
JOHN LIAPES
VINCENT HALE
WILLIAM C BOLDT, JR.
JONATHAN M TERHUNE
JAMES WONG
ROBERT H TERHUNE
JOHN LIAPES
JAMES S POORE
DANA COOK
ALYSSA MOTEN
MICHAEL T LANE
MICHAEL DOBSKI
MICHAEL T LANE
GLEN D NICHOLS, JR.
MICHAEL T LANE
MICHAEL DOBSKI
GLEN D NICHOLS, JR.
GLEN D NICHOLS, JR.
SCOTT G ANGELOS
GLEN D NICHOLS, JR.
DANA COOK
MICHAEL DOBSKI
MICHAEL T LANE
MICHAEL T LANE
JAMES R KUEHL
JAMES R KUEHL
ROBERT G LANE
HUGH O'REILLY, JR.
HUGH O'REILLY, JR.
GLEN D NICHOLS, JR.
JASON E MILLIGAN
JASON E MILLIGAN
DAVID B BATES
JOSEPH R LANE
SCOTT G ANGELOS
ROBERT G LANE
JAMES R KUEHL
JAMES R KUEHL
ALYSSA MOTEN
REGEV ALON
JASON E MILLIGAN
ROBERT G LANE
ROBERT G LANE
ROBERT G LANE
GLEN D NICHOLS, JR.
GLEN D NICHOLS, JR.
DANA COOK
DANA COOK
TERESA CANSECO
TERESA CANSECO
CODEE L LYNCH
CODEE L LYNCH
ANNE ALON
ANNE ALON
JOHN M BELL
JOHN M BELL
THOMAS DOBSKI
THOMAS DOBSKI
THOMAS DOBSKI
THOMAS DOBSKI
THOMAS DOBSKI
THOMAS DOBSKI
CODEE L LYNCH
JOHN M BELL
ANNE ALON
ANNE ALON
JASON E MILLIGAN

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
364 WEST US HWY 6, VALPARAISO, IN 46383-7914
2150 MORTHLAND DR, VALPARAISO, IN 46383
2610 LA PORTE AVE, VALPARAISO, IN 46383
301 S ADAMS ST, VERSAILLES, IN 47042-0280
2300 NORTH 6TH STREET, VINCENNES, IN 47591-2404
2320 HART ST, VINCENNES, IN 47591-6338
1300 NORTH CASS STREET, WABASH, IN 46992-1028
1010 E WATERFORD STREET, WAKARUSA, IN 46573
801 ROOSEVELT ROAD, WALKERTON, IN 46574
7221 S WARREN RD, WARREN, IN 46792
3611 COMMERCE DR, WARSAW, IN 46580-3929
315 N DETROIT ST, WARSAW, IN 46580-3040
2473 JALYNN ST, WARSAW, IN 46582
1450 EAST NATIONAL HIGHWAY, WASHINGTON, IN 47501-3760
8333 W STATE ROAD 56, WEST BADEN SPRINGS, IN 47469-9415
605 STADIUM AVE, WEST LAFAYETTE, IN 47906-2667
124 E STATE ST, WEST LAFAYETTE, IN 47906
613 SAGAMORE PKWY W, WEST LAFAYETTE, IN 47906-1441
5918 STATE ROAD 43 N, WEST LAFAYETTE, IN 47906
2616 US HWY 52, WEST LAFAYETTE, IN 47906
945 EAST TOURNAMENT TRAIL, WESTFIELD, IN 46074
800 N FLYNN RD, WESTVILLE, IN 46391
2962 COUNTY RD 500 NORTH, WHITELAND, IN 46184
4155 S INDIANAPOLIS ROAD, WHITESTOWN, IN 46075
1822 INDIANAPOLIS BLVD, WHITING, IN 46394-1327
600 N US 35, WINAMAC, IN 46996
911 E WASHINGTON ST, WINCHESTER, IN 47394
5959 N SR 101, WOODBURN, IN 46797
1400 S NEBO RD, YORKTOWN, IN 47396
50 BRENDON WAY, ZIONSVILLE, IN 46077
6235 SOUTH HEARTLAND DRIVE, ZIONSVILLE, IN 46077
2103 N BUCKEYE, ABILENE, KS 67410-1507
115 CENTRAL AVENUE, ANDOVER, KS 67002
2022 N SUMMIT ST, ARKANSAS CITY, KS 67005-3851
118 S 8TH, ATCHISON, KS 66002-2743
520 W 7TH, AUGUSTA, KS 67010
2800 MILITARY AVENUE, BAXTER SPRINGS, KS 66713-2346
KANSAS TPKE / I-35 (TRAVEL PLAZA), BELLE PLAINE, KS 67013
606 S 130TH, BONNER SPRINGS, KS 66012-9233
101 W 14TH ST, CHANUTE, KS 66720
302 W 11TH, COFFEYVILLE, KS 67337-5905
2000 SOUTH RANGE, COLBY, KS 67701
420 SOUTHEAST AVE, COLUMBUS, KS 66725
1420 LINCOLN ST, CONCORDIA, KS 66901-4841
34225 COMMERCE DR, DE SOTO, KS 66018
917 N BALTIMORE, DERBY, KS 67037-1818
610 NORTH ROCK ROAD, DERBY, KS 67037
703 W WYATT EARP BLVD, DODGE CITY, KS 67801-4249
2613 CENTRAL AVE, DODGE CITY, KS 67801
2002 W CENTRAL, EL DORADO, KS 67042-3201
1202 W 6TH AVE, EMPORIA, KS 66801-2563
2810 W 18TH, EMPORIA, KS 66801
2224 S MAIN, FORT SCOTT, KS 66701-3024
1613 KANSAS PLZ, GARDEN CITY, KS 67846-6234
1106 NORTH TAYLOR AVENUE, GARDEN CITY, KS 67846-4017
26240 W 174TH ST, GARDNER, KS 66030
20019 W KELLOGG DR, GODDARD, KS 67052
2325 ENTERPRISE RD, GOODLAND, KS 67735-9721
3307 10TH ST, GREAT BEND, KS 67530-3534
3406 VINE ST, HAYS, KS 67601-1939
1201 VINE STREET, HAYS, KS 67601-3452
200 N MAIN STREET, HAYSVILLE, KS 67060
1001 S 1ST ST, HIAWATHA, KS 66434
612 E 11TH ST, HUGOTON, KS 67951
20 E 4TH ST, HUTCHINSON, KS 67501-6933
603 E 30TH ST, HUTCHINSON, KS 67502-8432
1407 E 11TH AVE, HUTCHINSON, KS 67501-2750
401 W MYRTLE, INDEPENDENCE, KS 67301-3321
312 W MADISON, IOLA, KS 66749-3228
416 W 6TH ST, JUNCTION CITY, KS 66441-3051
1127 S WASHINGTON, JUNCTION CITY, KS 66441
4101 KANSAS AVE, KANSAS CITY, KS 66106
4427 SHAWNEE DR, KANSAS CITY, KS 66106
7530 STATE AVE, KANSAS CITY, KS 66112
812 MINNESOTA AVENUE, KANSAS CITY, KS 66101-2609
4215 RAINBOW BOULEVARD, KANSAS CITY, KS 66103-3112
10555 PARALLEL PARKWAY, KANSAS CITY, KS 66111
3725 STATE AVENUE, KANSAS CITY, KS 66102-3830
605 S 7TH ST, KANSAS CITY, KS 66105-2001
901 WEST 23RD STREET, LAWRENCE, KS 66046
1309 W 6TH ST, LAWRENCE, KS 66044-2220
4911 W 6TH ST, LAWRENCE, KS 66044
3241 IOWA STREET, LAWRENCE, KS 66047
KANSAS TPKE / I-70 (TRAVEL PLAZA), LAWRENCE, KS 66046
3121 S 4TH ST TRFY, LEAVENWORTH, KS 66048-5005
3860 W 95TH, LEAWOOD, KS 66206
4600 W 119TH ST, LEAWOOD, KS 66209
13330 W 87TH PKY, LENEXA, KS 66215-4536
15920 W 87TH ST PKY, LENEXA, KS 66215
24 E PANCAKE, LIBERAL, KS 67901-4114

52

TELEPHONE
219-762-6885
219-531-0250
219-548-5864
812-689-7207
812-882-6969
812-882-9339
260-563-8524
574-862-3110
574-586-2548
260-375-4280
574-267-5368
574-267-6305
574-267-7272
812-254-1212
812-936-3800
765-743-7518
765-743-6069
765-497-4663
765-567-4255
765-607-1885
317-804-8820
219-785-4845
317-535-7597
317-769-2255
219-473-0630
574-946-7912
765-584-1019
260-632-0808
765-254-1397
317-873-9812
317-769-6130
785-263-1722
316-733-0001
620-442-3122
913-367-0771
316-775-5075
620-856-3401
620-399-8311
913-422-7817
620-431-2938
620-251-3330
785-462-8159
620-429-2700
785-243-1426
913-585-1166
316-788-3344
316-788-1779
620-227-7008
620-801-4555
316-321-4910
620-342-9325
620-342-9444
620-223-1322
620-275-1922
620-276-3311
913-856-8123
316-794-3434
785-899-7371
620-792-1406
785-628-6115
785-625-1712
316-522-6266
785-742-3377
620-544-4233
620-665-5642
620-662-6462
620-662-4014
620-331-7177
620-365-7571
785-238-4000
785-238-5391
913-281-1312
913-262-5223
913-334-1400
913-321-0542
913-677-3220
913-299-9600
913-371-0606
913-321-9225
785-843-8522
785-841-4132
785-842-6900
785-841-5062
785-331-4120
913-651-5577
913-642-1304
913-339-9303
913-438-2711
913-599-4560
620-624-8741

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
JASON E MILLIGAN
DAVID B BATES
DANA COOK
DANA COOK
ALYSSA MOTEN
TERESA CANSECO
TERESA CANSECO
ALYSSA MOTEN
ANNE ALON
ANNE ALON
ANNE ALON
ANNE ALON
ANNE ALON
ANNE ALON
ANNE ALON
HUGH O'REILLY, JR.
ANNE ALON
ANNE ALON
ANNE ALON
ANNE ALON
ANNE ALON
ANNE ALON
ANNE ALON
DAVID B BATES
DAVID B BATES
DAVID B BATES
JONATHAN MILES
DAVID B BATES
ALYSSA MOTEN
GLEN D NICHOLS, JR.
THOMAS NICHOLS
THOMAS NICHOLS
JOSEPH R LANE
CHRISTOPHER LECORNU
JAMES R KUEHL
DANA COOK
DANA COOK
DANA COOK
DANA COOK
ANNE ALON
ANNE ALON
DAVID B BATES
MICHAEL DOBSKI
JONATHAN MILES
ROBERT G LANE
KEVIN DOBSKI
KEVIN DOBSKI
KEVIN DOBSKI
KEVIN DOBSKI
MARILYN DOBSKI
THOMAS DOBSKI
THOMAS DOBSKI
THOMAS DOBSKI
THOMAS DOBSKI
THOMAS DOBSKI
JASON E MILLIGAN
JAMES R KUEHL
DANA COOK
THOMAS C ONDEK
JOSEPH R LANE
JOSEPH R LANE
JOSEPH R LANE
JOSEPH R LANE
JOSEPH R LANE
JOSEPH R LANE
JOSEPH R LANE
JOSEPH R LANE
JOSEPH R LANE
JOSEPH R LANE
MICHAEL T LANE
MICHAEL T LANE
MICHAEL T LANE
MICHAEL T LANE
MICHAEL T LANE
ROBERT G LANE
ROBERT G LANE
ROBERT G LANE
ROBERT G LANE
ROBERT G LANE
ROBERT G LANE
ALYSSA MOTEN
ALYSSA MOTEN
ALYSSA MOTEN
ALYSSA MOTEN
MICHAEL T LANE
PAMELA HANCOCK
GRANT GROEN
THOMAS WOLF
THOMAS WOLF
THOMAS WOLF

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
1800 N KANSAS, LIBERAL, KS 67901
1409 W AMITY, LOUISBURG, KS 66053
800 N 4TH STREET, MANHATTAN, KS 66502-5703
1011 WESTLOOP PL, MANHATTAN, KS 66502-2835
2101 EAST KANSAS AVENUE, MCPHERSON, KS 67460
8915 JOHNSON DR, MERRIAM, KS 66202
6767 JOHNSON DR, MISSION, KS 66202-2620
1321 NORTH MAIN STREET, NEWTON, KS 67114-1915
618 SANTA FE ST, OLATHE, KS 66061
2200 E SANTE FE, OLATHE, KS 66062
1600 S HAMILTON CIR, OLATHE, KS 66061-5379
12091 STRANG LINE RD, OLATHE, KS 66062-5256
15095 W 151ST ST, OLATHE, KS 66062
199 N PARKER, OLATHE, KS 66061
17921 W 119TH ST, OLATHE, KS 66061
2214 PRINCETON CIRCLE DR, OTTAWA, KS 66067-4025
7700 METCALF AVE, OVERLAND PARK, KS 66204-2930
9401 FOSTER ST, OVERLAND PARK, KS 66212-2232
11000 QUIVIRA RD, OVERLAND PARK, KS 66210-1290
7926 W 151ST ST, OVERLAND PARK, KS 66223-2118
8750 W 135TH ST, OVERLAND PARK, KS 66223
11850 W 135TH ST, OVERLAND PARK, KS 66210
10999 METCALF AVENUE, OVERLAND PARK, KS 66211
11600 W 95TH ST, OVERLAND PARK, KS 66214
7124 W 119TH ST, OVERLAND PARK, KS 66213-1116
9405 W 75TH ST, OVERLAND PARK, KS 66204
9717 W 87TH STREET, OVERLAND PARK, KS 66212
1610 E PEORIA, PAOLA, KS 66071
5900 AIR CAP DRIVE, PARK CITY, KS 67219-2105
301 N 16TH, PARSONS, KS 67357
3008 NORTH BROADWAY, PITTSBURG, KS 66762-2631
1125 S BROADWAY, PITTSBURG, KS 66762-5801
1805 E 1ST ST, PRATT, KS 67124-2075
5103 ROE AVE, ROELAND PARK, KS 66205
1435 S FOSSIL, RUSSELL, KS 67665-3612
2236 PLANET, SALINA, KS 67401-7350
125 E DIAMOND DRIVE, SALINA, KS 67401
701 SOUTH BROADWAY, SALINA, KS 67401
1100 E CRAWFORD, SALINA, KS 67401
101 N ST, SENECA, KS 66538
16210 W 65TH ST, SHAWNEE, KS 66217
11005 W 75TH, SHAWNEE, KS 66214
22315 W 66TH STREET, SHAWNEE, KS 66226
11801 W 63RD ST, SHAWNEE, KS 66203-3337
1006 S MAIN ST, SOUTH HUTCHINSON, KS 67505
E TOPEKA SERVICE AREA 2, 8000 I-70, TECUMSEH, KS 66542
2001 N TOPEKA, TOPEKA, KS 66608-1828
2933 SW WANAMAKER RD, TOPEKA, KS 66614
3530 NW 46TH ST, TOPEKA, KS 66608
5525 SW 21ST ST, TOPEKA, KS 66604-3647
3117 S TOPEKA AVE, TOPEKA, KS 66611-2124
1100 KANSAS AVE, TOPEKA, KS 66612-1329
1201 GAGE BLVD, TOPEKA, KS 66604-1883
2880 SOUTHEAST CALIFORNIA AVENUE, TOPEKA, KS 66605-1713
1640 SW WANAMAKER, TOPEKA, KS 66604-3801
105 W OKLAHOMA, ULYSSES, KS 67880
745 S FIRST STREET, WAKEENEY, KS 67672
701 E 24 HWY, WAMEGO, KS 66545
1820 E 16TH ST, WELLINGTON, KS 67152
2418 S SENECA AVE, WICHITA, KS 67216
456 S WEST, WICHITA, KS 67213-2108
506 NORTH TYLER ROAD, WICHITA, KS 67212-3633
6350 W KELLOGG, WICHITA, KS 67209-2330
122 N SENECA, WICHITA, KS 67208
7311 W 21ST ST, WICHITA, KS 67206
2437 SW ST, WICHITA, KS 67217
1421 N WEST ST, WICHITA, KS 67212
10321 W 21ST, WICHITA, KS 67212
3825 N MAIZE RD, WICHITA, KS 67101
4810 S BROADWAY, WICHITA, KS 67216-3713
411 S BROADWAY, WICHITA, KS 67202-3909
1219 S ROCK RD, WICHITA, KS 67207-3319
3430 S HYDRAULIC, WICHITA, KS 67216
1645 S WEBB RD, WICHITA, KS 67207
1630 S HILLSIDE, WICHITA, KS 67211-4019
1811 N HILLSIDE, WICHITA, KS 67214-2317
2261 N AMIDON, WICHITA, KS 67203
545 N HILLSIDE, WICHITA, KS 67214
2616 W 53RD ST, WICHITA, KS 67204
6410 E CENTRAL AVE, WICHITA, KS 67206
8100 E 21ST CT, WICHITA, KS 67226
3527 N ROCK RD, WICHITA, KS 67226
11989 E KELLOGG DR, WICHITA, KS 67207
11130 E 21ST STREET NORTH, WICHITA, KS 67226
2130 PIKE RD, WINFIELD, KS 67156-5448
801 N CROSS ST, ALBANY, KY 42602
6707 ALEXANDRIA PIKE, ALEXANDRIA, KY 41001
2550 WINCHESTER AVENUE, ASHLAND, KY 41101-7838
150 RUSSELL ROAD, ASHLAND, KY 41101-7192
6015 US RTE 60, ASHLAND, KY 41101

53

TELEPHONE
620-626-7556
913-837-3519
785-789-1008
785-539-1672
620-241-0522
913-432-3874
913-432-0020
316-284-2891
913-764-1500
913-764-8900
913-768-7431
913-764-7390
913-829-5877
913-829-6185
913-397-8900
785-242-4451
913-381-3133
913-649-8690
913-469-0474
913-897-5334
913-685-8595
913-685-9898
913-491-0970
913-541-2622
913-338-3011
913-381-1101
913-642-3738
913-294-9395
316-744-3519
620-421-0244
620-231-0560
620-231-1925
620-672-1915
913-831-7774
785-483-6554
785-825-6775
785-452-9195
785-825-5301
785-825-2511
785-336-3190
913-248-1316
913-631-3488
913-667-3504
913-631-1444
620-664-5848
785-260-2215
785-232-9081
785-271-8363
785-246-1555
785-273-1741
785-266-4770
785-232-4434
785-273-0111
785-267-6181
785-272-1955
620-356-3507
785-743-2911
785-456-2500
620-399-8492
316-262-4331
316-945-8411
316-722-5371
316-942-2791
316-267-9020
316-721-2088
316-941-4750
316-943-8032
316-729-7300
316-352-7079
316-522-0588
316-267-2333
316-687-9664
316-554-7801
316-687-5494
316-686-9612
316-651-0332
316-838-4555
316-686-4575
316-832-9646
316-681-0160
316-685-6690
316-636-5222
316-683-4852
316-315-0199
620-221-4036
606-387-9404
859-635-9922
606-324-1214
606-329-9611
606-928-2223

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
THOMAS WOLF
THOMAS WOLF
JOHN FARIS, JR.
THOMAS R BURRELL
MICHAEL L BURRELL
MICHAEL KILROY
MICHAEL C LOVE JR
MICHAEL C LOVE JR
JOHN FARIS, JR.
JOHN FARIS, JR.
ALEXANDRIA L BURRELL
ALEXANDRIA L BURRELL
MICHAEL L BURRELL
MICHAEL L BURRELL
PAUL M BURRELL, II
PAUL M BURRELL, II
MATTHEW DODD
MICHAEL WALDRAM
MICHAEL C LOVE JR
THOMAS R BURRELL
GRANT GROEN
THOMAS WOLF
MATTHEW SAVAGE
MICHAEL L BURRELL
GRANT GROEN
PAMELA HANCOCK
JOHN FARIS, JR.
JOHN FARIS, JR.
JOHN FARIS, JR.
ERICA SHADOIN
JUDSON W PICKARD JR.
ERICA SHADOIN
MATTHEW DODD
ERICA SHADOIN
BENJAMIN SCOTT, JR.
MARK R PRATER
ABBY TAMME
GRANT GROEN
JOSEPH P MCENANEY
ERICA SHADOIN
PAMELA HANCOCK
THOMAS R BURRELL
THOMAS R BURRELL
THOMAS R BURRELL
THOMAS R BURRELL
EMILY KASSELMANN
ERICA SHADOIN
REGAN GIST HEINRICH
THOMAS WOLF
TIMOTHY J CASCIO
GRANT GROEN
GRANT GROEN
GRANT GROEN
ERICA SHADOIN
REGAN GIST HEINRICH
REGAN GIST HEINRICH
KELSEY BURRELL HAMLET
KELSEY BURRELL HAMLET
KRISTINE KENWORTHY
REGAN GIST HEINRICH
REGAN GIST HEINRICH
REGAN GIST HEINRICH
THOMAS R BURRELL
THOMAS R BURRELL
THOMAS WOLF
THOMAS R BURRELL
THOMAS WOLF
MICHAEL L BURRELL
THOMAS R BURRELL
JOHN FARIS, JR.
ABBY TAMME
PAUL A PATULA
PAUL A PATULA
GRANT GROEN
KELSEY BURRELL HAMLET
KELSEY BURRELL HAMLET
JONATHAN B PETER
THOMAS R BURRELL
JOSEPH P MCENANEY
JOSEPH P MCENANEY
MATTHEW SAVAGE
GRANT GROEN
JOHN FARIS, JR.
REGAN GIST HEINRICH
BENJAMIN SCOTT, JR.
EMILY KASSELMANN
EMILY KASSELMANN
TYLER A NAHRA
MARK R PRATER
ABBY TAMME

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
351 RIVER HILL ROAD (WM #1426), ASHLAND, KY 41101
14525 STATE ROUTE 180, ASHLAND, KY 41102
20 PARKWAY PLZ, BARBOURVILLE, KY 40906
103 PARKVIEW DR, BARDSTOWN, KY 40004
1860 N MAIN ST, BEAVER DAM, KY 42320-9500
15 DONNERMEYER DR, BELLEVUE, KY 41073-1301
25 COMMERCE BLVD, BENTON, KY 42025
75 US HWY 68 E, BENTON, KY 42025
109 BRENWOOD DR, BEREA, KY 40403
101 GLADES RD, BEREA, KY 40403
612 31 W BYP, BOWLING GREEN, KY 42103
603 HENNESSY WAY, BOWLING GREEN, KY 42101
1925 RUSSELLVILLE RD, BOWLING GREEN, KY 42101-3754
2420 NASHVILLE ROAD, BOWLING GREEN, KY 42101
3080 SCOTTSVILLE RD, BOWLING GREEN, KY 42101
1616 CAMPBELL LANE, BOWLING GREEN, KY 42104
590 BYPASS ROAD, BRANDENBURG, KY 40108
5878 HOPKINSVILLE RD, CADIZ, KY 42211
3442 US HWY 62, CALVERT CITY, KY 42029
605 E BROADWAY, CAMPBELLSVILLE, KY 42718
3149 KY-227, CARROLLTON, KY 41008
3618 LOUISA RD, CATLETTSBURG, KY 41129
901 SANDERS RD, CAVE CITY, KY 42127
402 S 2ND ST, CENTRAL CITY, KY 42330
3720 ALEXANDRIA PIKE, COLD SPRING, KY 41076
980 JAMESTOWN RD, COLUMBIA, KY 42728-1012
1410 MASTER STREET, CORBIN, KY 40701
1977 CUMBERLAND FALLS HWY, CORBIN, KY 40701
249 W CUMBERLAND GAP PKWY, CORBIN, KY 40701
3903 WINSTON AVE, COVINGTON, KY 41015-1706
302 PHILADELPHIA, COVINGTON, KY 41011-1236
2513 HAZLEWOOD DRIVE, CRESCENT SPRINGS, KY 41017
6410 W HWY 146, CRESTWOOD, KY 40014
120 SPEARS LN, CRITTENDEN, KY 41030
853 US HWY 27 S, CYNTHIANA, KY 41031
280 JANE TRL, DANVILLE, KY 40422
113 THOROUGHBRED DR, DANVILLE, KY 40422
76 BLACKBURN LANE, DRY RIDGE, KY 41035
82 US HWY 62 W, EDDYVILLE, KY 42038
6 SPERTI DRIVE, EDGEWOOD, KY 41017
1423 W STOCKTON ST, EDMONTON, KY 42129
517 W DIXIE AVE, ELIZABETHTOWN, KY 42701-2439
1700 N DIXIE HWY, ELIZABETHTOWN, KY 42701-9439
3210 LEITCHFIELD RD, ELIZABETHTOWN, KY 42724
125 THE LP, ELIZABETHTOWN, KY 42701
4872 NORTH MAIN STREET, EMINENCE, KY 40019
3050 DIXIE HWY, ERLANGER, KY 41018-1826
1131 RIDGEWAY AVE, FALMOUTH, KY 41040
2133 ARGILLITE RD, FLATWOODS, KY 41139
1082 ELIZAVILLE RD, FLEMINGSBURG, KY 41041
7909 DREAM ST, FLORENCE, KY 41042-1801
6726 DIXIE HWY, FLORENCE, KY 41042-2108
245 MT ZION RD, FLORENCE, KY 41042
5985 CENTENNIAL CIRCLE, FLORENCE, KY 41042
310 VERSAILLES RD, FRANKFORT, KY 40601-3634
102 LIMESTONE LANE, FRANKFORT, KY 40601-4314
820 N MAIN STREET, FRANKLIN, KY 42135
110 STEELE ROAD, FRANKLIN, KY 42134
104 NOLAN AVE, FULTON, KY 42041-8220
400 CONNECTOR ROAD, GEORGETOWN, KY 40324-9729
259 CHERRY BLOSSOM WAY, GEORGETOWN, KY 40324
171 SOUTHGATE DR, GEORGETOWN, KY 40324
101 SMITH ROAD, GLASGOW, KY 42141
58 GLENDALE HODGENVILLE ROAD, GLENDALE, KY 42740
751 CAROL MALONE BLVD, GRAYSON, KY 41143
885 CAMPBELLSVILLE RD, GREENSBURG, KY 42743
1519 SEATON AVENU, GREENUP, KY 41144-1222
900 N MAIN STREET, GREENVILLE, KY 42345-1774
1116 OLD HWY 60, HARDINSBURG, KY 40143
2501 US 421, HARLAN, KY 40831
679 S COLLEGE ST, HARRODSBURG, KY 40330
1326 COMBS ROAD, HAZARD, KY 41701
205 CITIZENS LANE, HAZARD, KY 41701
1980 PETERSBURG RD, HEBRON, KY 41048
2053 US HWY 41 N, HENDERSON, KY 42420
122 S GREEN ST, HENDERSON, KY 42420-3539
1911 OLD PRESTON HWY N, HILLVIEW, KY 40229
932 S LINCOLN BLVD, HODGENVILLE, KY 42748
2604 FORT CAMPBELL BLVD, HOPKINSVILLE, KY 42240-4939
502 NORTH DR, HOPKINSVILLE, KY 42240
4000 L AND N TURNPIKE RD, HORSE CAVE, KY 42749
2088 DECLARATION DR, INDEPENDENCE, KY 41051
7900 KY-645, INEZ, KY 41224
901 RICHMOND RD, IRVINE, KY 40336
931 KY HWY 15 N, JACKSON, KY 41339-0904
512 S FIRST AVE, LAGRANGE, KY 40031
3850 COMMERCE PARKWAY, LAGRANGE, KY 40031
249 LEXINGTON ROAD, LANCASTER, KY 40444
203 W PARK, LAWRENCEBURG, KY 40342-1365
1013 COMMERCE WAY, LAWRENCEBURG, KY 40342

54

TELEPHONE
606-325-8064
606-929-5740
606-546-2036
502-348-4495
270-274-4070
859-581-9136
270-527-2924
270-527-3614
859-986-4206
859-986-9141
270-842-4181
270-780-0245
270-781-7984
270-782-4788
270-781-9838
270-793-0810
270-422-5232
270-522-3235
270-395-4575
270-465-6658
502-732-5613
606-739-6388
270-773-2900
270-757-1400
859-201-9393
270-384-3873
606-528-9811
606-526-9002
606-258-0633
859-491-6968
859-261-0361
859-341-2232
502-241-4799
859-428-0895
859-234-6199
859-238-7512
859-936-9240
859-824-6249
270-388-5347
859-331-5094
270-432-5919
270-765-7775
270-737-1185
270-234-9525
270-769-3744
502-845-8470
859-341-8873
859-654-4144
606-836-7061
606-849-3277
859-371-5078
859-282-9604
859-495-3070
859-647-7111
502-695-3519
502-227-8096
270-586-7225
270-586-8985
270-472-0221
502-868-0663
502-867-4942
502-863-5660
270-651-9200
270-369-0300
606-474-8222
270-932-3147
606-473-5660
270-338-0294
270-756-1999
606-573-9373
859-734-9000
606-436-5309
606-439-0370
859-586-2707
270-827-1222
270-826-0800
502-955-8088
270-358-5751
270-885-9491
270-885-0021
270-786-1600
859-363-0500
606-297-7997
606-723-1013
606-666-5788
502-222-1928
502-220-4332
859-792-9493
502-839-5326
502-859-3843

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
THOMAS R BURRELL
JONATHAN B PETER
THOMAS R BURRELL
REGAN GIST HEINRICH
REGAN GIST HEINRICH
REGAN GIST HEINRICH
REGAN GIST HEINRICH
REGAN GIST HEINRICH
REGAN GIST HEINRICH
REGAN GIST HEINRICH
REGAN GIST HEINRICH
REGAN GIST HEINRICH
REGAN GIST HEINRICH
MARY DENISE LONG
MARY DENISE LONG
MARY DENISE LONG
MARY DENISE LONG
MARY DENISE LONG
MARY DENISE LONG
BRADLEY NAHRA
EST OF ALLAN P NAHRA
RANDAL BAIRD
REGAN GIST HEINRICH
REGAN GIST HEINRICH
REGAN GIST HEINRICH
JOHN FARIS, JR.
BRITTNEY BARNETT
BRITTNEY BARNETT
BRITTNEY BARNETT
BRITTNEY BARNETT
BRITTNEY BARNETT
MATTHEW DODD
MATTHEW DODD
MATTHEW DODD
MATTHEW DODD
MATTHEW DODD
MATTHEW DODD
MATTHEW DODD
MATTHEW DODD
MATTHEW DODD
MATTHEW DODD
MATTHEW DODD
SEAN BAUER
SEAN BAUER
SEAN BAUER
SEAN BAUER
SEAN BAUER
GUY GOMEZ
NAGENDRA JELLA
NAGENDRA JELLA
NAGENDRA JELLA
NAGENDRA JELLA
NAGENDRA JELLA
NAGENDRA JELLA
NAGENDRA JELLA
NICOLE PERRY TOPPER
ULRIC B PETER, II
ULRIC B PETER, II
ULRIC B PETER, II
ESTOF IRA JEAN SALLS
ESTOF IRA JEAN SALLS
ESTOF IRA JEAN SALLS
ESTOF IRA JEAN SALLS
ESTOF IRA JEAN SALLS
ESTOF IRA JEAN SALLS
JOHN I SALLS
JOHN I SALLS
MATTHEW DODD
CHRISTOPHER MCENANEY
CHRISTOPHER MCENANEY
REGAN GIST HEINRICH
JOSEPH P MCENANEY
JOHN FARIS, JR.
CONRAD F LOVE
TIMOTHY J CASCIO
JOHN FARIS, JR.
JOHN FARIS, JR.
REGAN GIST HEINRICH
RANDAL BAIRD
BENJAMIN SCOTT, JR.
BENJAMIN SCOTT, JR.
MICHAEL L BURRELL
ALEXANDRIA L BURRELL
JONATHAN B PETER
BENJAMIN SCOTT, JR.
BENJAMIN SCOTT, JR.
JOHN FARIS, JR.
THOMAS R BURRELL
MICHAEL C LOVE JR
BRIAN KILROY

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
503 W MAIN ST, LEBANON, KY 40033
150 PLAZA PARK BLVD, LEBANON JUNCTION, KY 40150
714 S MAIN, LEITCHFIELD, KY 42754-1055
2321 VERSAILLES ROAD, LEXINGTON, KY 40504-1605
2483 NICHOLASVILLE ROAD, LEXINGTON, KY 40503-3158
1499 RUSSELL CAVE RD, LEXINGTON, KY 40511
357 S LIMESTONE AVE, LEXINGTON, KY 40508
2271 ELKHORN ROAD NORTH, LEXINGTON, KY 40505-4813
1114 NEW CIRCLE RD, LEXINGTON, KY 40505-4137
1620 LEESTOWN RD, LEXINGTON, KY 40510
768 WINCHESTER RD, LEXINGTON, KY 40508
2359 RICHMOND RD, LEXINGTON, KY 40502
1845 GEORGETOWN ROAD, LEXINGTON, KY 40511
4131 TATES CREEK CTR, LEXINGTON, KY 40517
1950 STANTON WAY, LEXINGTON, KY 40511-1350
1921 PLAUDIT PL, LEXINGTON, KY 40509
100 MARKETPLACE DR, LEXINGTON, KY 40513
5521 ATHENS BOONESBORO RD, LEXINGTON, KY 40509
3100 PIMLICO PKWY, LEXINGTON, KY 40517-4028
3765 PALOMAR CENTRE DRIVE, LEXINGTON, KY 40513
2012 HARRODSBURG ROAD, LEXINGTON, KY 40503
735 NW WILKINSON BLVD, LIBERTY, KY 42539
1804 N MAIN ST, LONDON, KY 40741
25 S LAUREL, LONDON, KY 40741
170 W DANIEL BOONE PKY, LONDON, KY 40741
18199 OLD US 23, LOUISA, KY 41230
9254 WESTPORT RD, LOUISVILLE, KY 40241
1100 HURSTBOURNE LN, LOUISVILLE, KY 40222
287 N HUBBARDS LANE, LOUISVILLE, KY 40207
998 BRECKENRIDGE LN, LOUISVILLE, KY 40207
2314 BROWNSBORO RD, LOUISVILLE, KY 40206
1245 BARDSTOWN RD, LOUISVILLE, KY 40204-1303
1212 W BROADWAY, LOUISVILLE, KY 40203-2056
4445 CANE RUN RD, LOUISVILLE, KY 40216-4501
3005 FERN VALLEY RD, LOUISVILLE, KY 40213-3521
2500 DIXIE HWY, LOUISVILLE, KY 40216-5202
12341 SHELBYVILLE RD, LOUISVILLE, KY 40243-1472
420 E MARKET ST, LOUISVILLE, KY 40202-1113
2800 OUTER LOOP, LOUISVILLE, KY 40219-3548
2720 W BROADWAY, LOUISVILLE, KY 40211
10411 DIXIE HWY, LOUISVILLE, KY 40272-3953
12414 LA GRANGE RD, LOUISVILLE, KY 40245
3340 TAYLOR BLVD, LOUISVILLE, KY 40215-2661
301 UNIVERSITY BLVD, LOUISVILLE, KY 40217
520 N 22ND ST, LOUISVILLE, KY 40203
5001 S 3RD ST, LOUISVILLE, KY 40214-2207
4940 BROWNSBORO RD, LOUISVILLE, KY 40222-6438
3350 PRESTON HWY, LOUISVILLE, KY 40213-1359
8600 DIXIE HWY, LOUISVILLE, KY 40258-1002
3100 POPLAR LEVEL RD, LOUISVILLE, KY 40217
207 W BROADWAY, LOUISVILLE, KY 40202-2111
7426 S 3RD STREET ROAD, LOUISVILLE, KY 40214-4371
2209 TAYLORSVILLE RD, LOUISVILLE, KY 40205
6701 DIXIE HWY, LOUISVILLE, KY 40258
6400 GREENWOOD RD, LOUISVILLE, KY 40258
2961 BRECKENRIDGE LN, LOUISVILLE, KY 40220-1463
11600 BLUE GRASS PKY, LOUISVILLE, KY 40299
3820 RUCKRIEGEL PARKWAY, LOUISVILLE, KY 40299
12627 TAYLORSVILLE RD, LOUISVILLE, KY 40299
5630 BARDSTOWN RD, LOUISVILLE, KY 40291-1912
4306 BARDSTOWN RD, LOUISVILLE, KY 40220
3340 BARDSTOWN RD, LOUISVILLE, KY 40218-4602
8600 CITADEL WAY, LOUISVILLE, KY 40220
6214 OLD SHEPHERDSVILLE RD, LOUISVILLE, KY 40228
7724 BARDSTOWN ROAD, LOUISVILLE, KY 40291
5600 PRESTON HWY, LOUISVILLE, KY 40219-1304
9825 BROWNSBORO RD, LOUISVILLE, KY 40241
9901 ORMSBY STATION ROAD, LYNDON, KY 40223
1400 N MAIN ST, MADISONVILLE, KY 42431-1284
40 RUBY DRIVE, MADISONVILLE, KY 42431
40 MUDDY GAP RD, MANCHESTER, KY 40962
129 N MAIN ST, MARION, KY 42064
12575 MAIN ST, MARTIN, KY 41649
1006 CUBA ROAD, MAYFIELD, KY 42066-3268
902 US 68, MAYSVILLE, KY 41056
495 NORTH 12TH STREET, MIDDLESBORO, KY 40965
3615 W CUMBERLAND AVE, MIDDLESBORO, KY 40965
1007 GREEN GABLE DRIVE, MIDWAY, KY 40347
1560 N MAIN ST, MONTICELLO, KY 42633-2047
402 FEMINGSBURG RD, MOREHEAD, KY 40351
12 INTERSTATE HWY TRAILER PARK RD 2, MOREHEAD, KY 40351
322 N MORGAN ST, MORGANFIELD, KY 42437
1174 S MAIN STREET, MORGANTOWN, KY 42261
121 OAKBROOK DR, MOUNT WASHINGTON, KY 40047-7552
642 MAYSVILLE RD, MT STERLING, KY 40353
3060 OWINGSVILLE ROAD, MT STERLING, KY 40353
1035 RICHMOND ST, MT VERNON, KY 40456
100 OLD MAIN ST, MUNFORDVILLE, KY 42765
107 N 12TH ST, MURRAY, KY 42071-1911
1930 MONMOUTH STREET, NEWPORT, KY 41071

55

TELEPHONE
270-692-6399
502-833-2007
270-259-9298
859-254-8791
859-278-5902
859-252-0430
859-252-0711
859-293-5312
859-254-9148
859-252-2265
859-254-4080
859-266-7816
859-785-0388
859-273-4666
859-389-8118
859-543-9320
859-245-9791
859-263-0835
859-523-7170
859-223-8811
859-276-2939
606-787-8614
606-878-8255
606-864-8778
606-864-9702
606-638-3336
502-426-2692
502-425-3628
502-897-0963
502-721-7781
502-721-9055
502-459-3475
502-919-7071
502-909-0513
502-904-1382
502-778-2500
502-245-1717
502-583-8400
502-966-2222
502-778-7110
502-935-7889
502-241-0930
502-909-0584
502-909-0490
502-775-5454
502-909-0586
502-426-5996
502-368-7940
502-935-2762
502-636-3229
502-584-4773
502-367-1455
502-454-6806
502-933-4616
502-937-2880
502-451-8169
502-630-2411
502-261-9939
502-266-7656
502-239-8585
502-491-8640
502-459-6206
502-491-8852
502-961-8678
502-384-9673
502-969-9272
502-515-0111
502-326-5191
270-821-8221
270-821-4806
606-391-0454
270-965-5866
606-285-0723
270-247-4780
606-564-3319
606-248-0449
606-248-5945
859-846-4216
606-348-6540
606-784-6211
606-780-4927
270-389-9938
270-526-6333
502-538-2300
859-498-1530
859-498-2431
606-256-3753
270-524-9200
270-753-5548
859-261-2000

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
BRADLEY NAHRA
TYLER A NAHRA
TYLER A NAHRA
CHAD GRAY
CLARK GRAY
ESTOF IRA JEAN SALLS
THOMAS WOLF
CHRISTOPHER MCENANEY
CHRISTOPHER MCENANEY
CHRISTOPHER MCENANEY
CHRISTOPHER MCENANEY
CHRISTOPHER MCENANEY
GRANT GROEN
BENJAMIN SCOTT, JR.
CONRAD F LOVE
MICHAEL C LOVE JR
MICHAEL C LOVE SR
MICHAEL C LOVE SR
JOHN FARIS, JR.
BENJAMIN SCOTT, JR.
EMILY KASSELMANN
JOHN FARIS, JR.
JOHN FARIS, JR.
JOHN FARIS, JR.
JOHN FARIS, JR.
JOHN FARIS, JR.
JOHN FARIS, JR.
JOSEPH P MCENANEY
SEAN BAUER
JOSEPH P MCENANEY
JONATHAN B PETER
JONATHAN B PETER
REGAN GIST HEINRICH
REGAN GIST HEINRICH
REGAN GIST HEINRICH
RANDAL BAIRD
TED J LYON
JOHN FARIS, JR.
GRANT GROEN
JOHN FARIS, JR.
MICHAEL L BURRELL
ULRIC B PETER, II
ULRIC B PETER, II
JONATHAN B PETER
JONATHAN B PETER
MATTHEW DODD
ULRIC B PETER, II
ALEXANDRIA L BURRELL
REGAN GIST HEINRICH
REGAN GIST HEINRICH
JOHN FARIS, JR.
THOMAS R BURRELL
SEAN BAUER
EST OF ALLAN P NAHRA
BENJAMIN SCOTT, JR.
ERICA SHADOIN
JONATHAN B PETER
TED J LYON
ERICA SHADOIN
CAMRON PARSLEY
REGAN GIST HEINRICH
ULRIC B PETER, II
ERICA SHADOIN
ERICA SHADOIN
JOHN FARIS, JR.
PAUL A PATULA
KEVIN HAILEY
GRANT GROEN
JOHN FARIS, JR.
BENJAMIN SCOTT, JR.
LAWRENCE MILLER
JOHN C VALLUZZO
RIKESH A PATEL
RIKESH A PATEL
RIKESH A PATEL
RIKESH A PATEL
JOHN C VALLUZZO
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
LAWRENCE MILLER
JOHN C VALLUZZO
TONY E GILLEY
CHRISTOPHER J KRAMPE
CHRISTOPHER J KRAMPE
CHRISTOPHER J KRAMPE
CHRISTOPHER J KRAMPE
CHRISTOPHER J KRAMPE
EDWARD J KRAMPE, III
EDWARD J KRAMPE, III
EDWARD J KRAMPE, III
EDWARD J KRAMPE, III

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
100 IMPERIAL HWY, NICHOLASVILLE, KY 40356-2502
100 S HENDREN WAY, NICHOLASVILLE, KY 40356
100 E BRANNON RD, NICHOLASVILLE, KY 40356
101 AUBURN ST, OAK GROVE, KY 42262
8190 PEMBROKE OAK GROVE ROAD, OAK GROVE, KY 42262
8220 PRESTON HWY, OKOLONA, KY 40219-5308
720 E TOM T HALL BLVD, OLIVE HILL, KY 41164
2750 FREDERICA ST, OWENSBORO, KY 42301-5442
2306 E 4TH STREET, OWENSBORO, KY 42303
4800 FREDERICA ST, OWENSBORO, KY 42301-7414
2730 PARRISH AVE, OWENSBORO, KY 42301-2688
3328 HWY 54, OWENSBORO, KY 42303
506 SOUTH MAIN ST, OWENTON, KY 40359
78 MILLER SCENIC VIEW DR, OWINGSVILLE, KY 40360
2224 LONE OAK RD, PADUCAH, KY 42001
3480 CLARKS RIVER ROAD, PADUCAH, KY 42001
2627 JACKSON ST, PADUCAH, KY 42001
3955 HINKLEVILLE ROAD, PADUCAH, KY 42001
305 NORTH MAYO TRAIL, PAINTSVILLE, KY 41240
101 REINHOLD ST, PARIS, KY 40361-1019
487 PENDLETON RD, PENDLETON, KY 40055
3683 N MAYO TRAIL, PIKEVILLE, KY 41501
101 BAIRD AVE, PIKEVILLE, KY 41501
190 CASSADY BLVD, PIKEVILLE, KY 41501
630 KENTUCKY AVE, PINEVILLE, KY 40977
584 VILLAGE DRIVE, PRESTONSBURG, KY 41653
1178 N LAKE DR, PRESTONSBURG, KY 41653
205 HIGHWAY 62 WEST, PRINCETON, KY 42445-2404
5905 TIMBER RIDGE DR, PROSPECT, KY 40059
140 US HWY 41A, PROVIDENCE, KY 42450
110 S DIXIE BLVD, RADCLIFF, KY 40160
3120 S DIXIE BLVD, RADCLIFF, KY 40160
485 EASTERN BY-PASS, RICHMOND, KY 40475
864 EASTERN BY-PASS, RICHMOND, KY 40475
1001 BRANDY LANE, RICHMOND, KY 40475
251 US HWY 127, RUSSELL SPRINGS, KY 42642
100 ARMORY DR, RUSSELLVILLE, KY 42276-1602
222 E MOUNTAIN PKWY, SALYERSVILLE, KY 41465-9732
503 LOVES DRIVE, SANDERS, KY 41083
157 KY-7, SANDY HOOK, KY 41171
359 GALLATIN RD, SCOTTSVILLE, KY 42164
200 FRANKFORT ROAD, SHELBYVILLE, KY 40065
100 ISAAC SHELBY DRIVE, SHELBYVILLE, KY 40065
542 HIGHWAY 44, SHEPHERDSVILLE, KY 40165
135 CENTRE DR, SHEPHERDSVILLE, KY 40165-7468
4622 DIXIE HWY, SHIVELY, KY 40216-2606
1101 BUCK CREEK RD, SIMPSONVILLE, KY 40067
625 S MAIN ST, SMITH'S GROVE, KY 42171
131 S HWY 27, SOMERSET, KY 42501-1783
4000 S HWY 27, SOMERSET, KY 42502
385 SOUTHSIDE MALL RD, SOUTH WILLIAMSON, KY 41503
804 BARDSTOWN RD, SPRINGFIELD, KY 40069
5015 SHELBYVILLE RD, ST MATTHEWS, KY 40207
101 LINCOLN TRAIL, STANFORD, KY 40484
385 FURNACE RD, STANTON, KY 40380
5055 OLD TAYLOR MILL RD, TAYLOR MILL, KY 41015
555 TAYLORSVILLE RD, TAYLORSVILLE, KY 40071
508 N MAIN ST, TOMPKINSVILLE, KY 42167
8530 US HWY 42, UNION, KY 41042
67 COMMERCIAL DR, VANCEBURG, KY 41179
102 UNITED DRIVE, VERSAILLES, KY 40383-1467
1940 WADDY ROAD, WADDY, KY 40076
306 RICHWOOD RD, WALTON, KY 41094-9521
225 MARY GRUBB'S HWY, WALTON, KY 41094
1640 W MAIN ST, WEST LIBERTY, KY 41472
709 CUMBERLAND RD, WHITESBURG, KY 41858
1241 N HWY 27, WHITLEY CITY, KY 42653
1450 SAINT JOHNS LANE, WILDER, KY 41076
700 S 10TH ST, WILLIAMSBURG, KY 40769-1648
1520 W LEXINGTON AVE, WINCHESTER, KY 40391
307 VETERANS MEMORIAL DR, ABBEVILLE, LA 70510
28470 LA HIGHWAY 43, ALBANY, LA 70711
4717 JACKSON STREET, ALEXANDRIA, LA 71303-2506
3915 S MAC ARTHUR DR, ALEXANDRIA, LA 71302
6021 OLD BOYCE RD, ALEXANDRIA, LA 71303
507 MACARTHUR DRIVE, ALEXANDRIA, LA 71301
1220 W OAK ST, AMITE, LA 70422-2762
1196 HAZEL ST, ARCADIA, LA 71001
2951 HWY 90, AVONDALE, LA 70094
200 MAIN ST, BAKER, LA 70714
2005 E MADISON, BASTROP, LA 71220-4070
6006 PLANK ROAD, BATON ROUGE, LA 70805-1324
4615 PERKINS RD, BATON ROUGE, LA 70808-3038
6910 AIRLINE HWY, BATON ROUGE, LA 70805-4707
11989 HOOPER RD, BATON ROUGE, LA 70818
5745 CREEK CENTRE DRIVE, BATON ROUGE, LA 70820
5224 FLORIDA BLVD, BATON ROUGE, LA 70806-4127
2220 S SHERWOOD FOREST BLVD, BATON ROUGE, LA 70816-8329
5464 ESSEN LN, BATON ROUGE, LA 70809-3546
13146 FLORIDA AVE, BATON ROUGE, LA 70819

56

TELEPHONE
859-885-4100
859-881-1573
859-245-1131
270-640-6322
270-439-2393
502-964-8282
606-286-0203
270-684-7254
270-683-5053
270-926-0570
270-683-3545
270-852-4906
502-484-3900
606-674-3989
270-554-8876
270-443-8005
270-442-1833
270-444-2044
606-789-6989
859-987-6115
502-743-9911
606-432-4395
606-437-4836
606-432-8848
606-337-1505
606-886-3442
606-886-1223
270-365-2555
502-325-0755
270-667-9996
270-351-1400
270-351-6230
859-623-1428
859-623-8864
859-623-1210
270-866-7155
270-725-5997
606-349-1611
859-567-1216
606-467-2487
270-237-5238
502-633-6516
502-647-5516
502-543-4804
502-957-1630
502-447-8964
502-405-3100
270-563-9168
606-678-5466
606-679-6687
606-237-5696
859-336-2080
502-896-5660
606-365-2186
606-663-0501
859-581-4885
502-477-7919
270-487-1726
859-525-1500
606-796-0800
859-873-5720
502-829-5050
859-485-1572
859-485-4800
606-467-2486
606-633-9775
606-376-2400
859-781-8222
606-549-3920
859-744-3493
337-898-1474
225-209-0990
318-448-3536
318-448-8740
318-442-7414
318-443-6215
985-748-9770
318-263-3997
504-436-2208
225-775-9128
318-281-8769
225-355-9150
225-924-9822
225-356-9328
225-261-9776
225-769-5291
225-924-9762
225-256-4172
225-766-9145
225-275-9086

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
EDWARD J KRAMPE, III
EDWARD J KRAMPE, III
EDWARD J KRAMPE, III
JOHN C VALLUZZO
JOHN C VALLUZZO
JOHN C VALLUZZO
JOHN C VALLUZZO
JOHN C VALLUZZO
JOHN C VALLUZZO
JOHN C VALLUZZO
NICHOLAS J VALLUZZO
NICHOLAS J VALLUZZO
NICHOLAS J VALLUZZO
TERRY WILBURN
LAWRENCE MILLER
JOHN C VALLUZZO
CHARLES CHRISMAN
SUSAN L CHRISMAN
SUSAN L CHRISMAN
TONY E GILLEY
EDWARD J KRAMPE, III
LAWRENCE MILLER
JOHN C VALLUZZO
CHRISTOPHER J KRAMPE
CHRISTOPHER J KRAMPE
MICHAEL J VALLUZZO
MICHAEL J VALLUZZO
TONY E GILLEY
AJAY K PATEL
AJAY K PATEL
AJAY K PATEL
JOHN C VALLUZZO
EDWARD J KRAMPE, III
ANTHONY HERQUES III
ANTHONY J HERQUES, JR.
EDWARD J KRAMPE, III
JOHN C VALLUZZO
MICHAEL J VALLUZZO
MICHAEL J VALLUZZO
RIKESH A PATEL
AJAY K PATEL
EDWARD J KRAMPE, III
JOHN C VALLUZZO
CHRISTOPHER J KRAMPE
AJAY K PATEL
TONY E GILLEY
LAWRENCE MILLER
JOHN C VALLUZZO
JOHN C VALLUZZO
EDWARD J KRAMPE, III
JOHN C VALLUZZO
EDWARD J KRAMPE, III
CHRISTOPHER J KRAMPE
TERRY WILBURN
JOYCE E COLIN
LOUIS COLIN
LOUIS COLIN
HALEY MILLER
JOHN C VALLUZZO
JOHN C VALLUZZO
JOHN C VALLUZZO
JOHN C VALLUZZO
JADE A COLIN
HALEY MILLER
SUSAN L CHRISMAN
JOHNNIE B MARKS
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
ANTHONY J HERQUES, JR.
ANTHONY J HERQUES, JR.
ANTHONY J HERQUES, JR.
ANTHONY J HERQUES, JR.
ANTHONY J HERQUES, JR.
RIKESH A PATEL
CHRISTOPHER BARDELL
JAMAR THROWER
TONY E GILLEY
AJAY K PATEL
TONY E GILLEY
DENISE MILLER
CHRISTOPHER BARDELL
JAMAR THROWER
JAMAR THROWER
MICHAEL J VALLUZZO
AJAY K PATEL
EDWARD J KRAMPE, III
JOHN C VALLUZZO
CHRISTOPHER J KRAMPE
CHRISTOPHER J KRAMPE
CHRISTOPHER J KRAMPE
CHRISTOPHER J KRAMPE

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
7188 SIEGEN LN, BATON ROUGE, LA 70809-4533
8869 JEFFERSON HWY, BATON ROUGE, LA 70809
9750 FLORIDA BLVD, BATON ROUGE, LA 70815
9470 GREENWELL SPRINGS RD, BATON ROUGE, LA 70814-2911
720 GOVERNMENT STREET, BATON ROUGE, LA 70802-6027
14985 AIRLINE HWY, BATON ROUGE, LA 70817
8009 FLORIDA BLVD, BATON ROUGE, LA 70806
9959 PERKINS ROAD, BATON ROUGE, LA 70809
10501 BURBANK DR, BATON ROUGE, LA 70810
12387 PLANK ROAD, BATON ROUGE, LA 70811
4979 JONES CREEK RD, BATON ROUGE, LA 70817-1530
2278 ONEAL LN, BATON ROUGE, LA 70816
10011 DAWNADELE AVE, BATON ROUGE, LA 70809
1319 HWY 90 E, BAYOU VISTA, LA 70380
7862 HWY 23, BELLE CHASSE, LA 70037
250 CUMBERLAND STREET, BOGALUSA, LA 70427
4605 EAST TEXAS STREET, BOSSIER CITY, LA 71111
210 BENTON ROAD, BOSSIER CITY, LA 71111-4702
2571 VIKING DR, BOSSIER CITY, LA 71111-2103
4010 BARKSDALE BLVD, BOSSIER CITY, LA 71112-3902
465 E MILLS AVEN, BREAUX BRIDGE, LA 70517
208 ST NAZAIRE RD, BROUSSARD, LA 70518
801 S VAUGHN, BRUSLY, LA 70719
616 NW MAIN ST, BUNKIE, LA 71322
925 VETERANS DRIVE, CARENCRO, LA 70520
3401 PARIS ROAD, CHALMETTE, LA 70043
8319 WEST JUDGE PEREZ, CHALMETTE, LA 70043
7535 HIGHWAY 165, COLUMBIA, LA 71418
1007 HIGHWAY 190, COVINGTON, LA 70433
70345 HWY 21, COVINGTON, LA 70433-7150
71325 HWY 1077, COVINGTON, LA 70433
73005 HIGHWAY 25, COVINGTON, LA 70435
2026 N PARKERSON AVE, CROWLEY, LA 70526-2336
14018 W MAIN ST, CUT OFF, LA 70345
355 HWY 3162, CUT OFF, LA 70345
202 FLORIDA AVE SE, DENHAM SPRINGS, LA 70726-3729
31707 LA HWY 16, DENHAM SPRINGS, LA 70726
110 RUSHING RD E, DENHAM SPRINGS, LA 70726-7842
34807 LA-16, DENHAM SPRINGS, LA 70706
601 E 4TH ST, DEQUINCY, LA 70633
425 N PINE STREET, DERIDDER, LA 70634
3009 ORMOND BLVD, DESTREHAN, LA 70047
412 MARCHAND DR, DONALDSONVILLE, LA 70346-3328
4610 POYDRAS BAYOU RD, ERWINVILLE, LA 70729
2101 W LAUREL AVE, EUNICE, LA 70535
707 N MAIN ST, FARMERVILLE, LA 71241
1900 MAIN ST, FRANKLIN, LA 70538
702 WASHINGTON ST, FRANKLINTON, LA 70438-1790
13496 HIGHWAY 73, GEISMAR, LA 70734
915 N AIRLINE HWY, GONZALES, LA 70737-3020
1939 W HWY 30, GONZALES, LA 70737-5112
1779 LA-3125, GRAMERCY, LA 70052
1704 I-49 SERVICE ROAD, GRAND COTEAU, LA 70541
4202 W MAIN, GRAY, LA 70359-9502
1212 STUMPF BLVD, GRETNA, LA 70053
709 TERRY PKY, GRETNA, LA 70056
501 WESTBANK EXPRESSWAY, GRETNA, LA 70053-5620
140 LAPALCO BLVD, GRETNA, LA 70053
1750 SW RAILROAD AVE, HAMMOND, LA 70401
1913 N MORRISON BLVD, HAMMOND, LA 70401
3009 HWY 190 W, HAMMOND, LA 70401
43133 S AIRPORT ROAD, HAMMOND, LA 70403
3407 LAPALCO BLVD, HARVEY, LA 70058
1505 MANHATTAN BOULEVARD, HARVEY, LA 70058
999 HIGHWAY 80, HAUGHTON, LA 71037-8885
2999 GRANDPOINT HWY, HENDERSON, LA 70517
910 W MAIN ST, HOMER, LA 71040
6219 W PARK AVENUE, HOUMA, LA 70364
1621 PROSPECT RD, HOUMA, LA 70363-3735
1540 GRAND CAILLOU RD, HOUMA, LA 70363
3001 BARROW ST, HOUMA, LA 70360
1709 MARTIN LUTHER KING BLVD, HOUMA, LA 70364
715 N THOMPSON, IOWA, LA 70647
1151 S CLEARVIEW PKWY, JEFFERSON, LA 70121
2916 JEFFERSON HWY, JEFFERSON, LA 70121-3706
2710 E OAK STREET, JENA, LA 71342
1740 ELTON RD, JENNINGS, LA 70546-3632
304 E MAIN ST, JONESBORO, LA 71251-3204
503 E 1ST ST, KAPLAN, LA 70548-5012
3013 LOYOLA DR, KENNER, LA 70065
2145 VETERANS MEMORIAL BLVD, KENNER, LA 70062-4002
1309 W ESPLANADE AVE, KENNER, LA 70065-2744
2126 AIRLINE HWY, KENNER, LA 70062-6749
14342 HWY 165, KINDER, LA 70648
4297 MAIN ST, LA PLACE, LA 70068-5944
1608 W AIRLINE HWY, LA PLACE, LA 70068-3331
4555 JOHNSTON ST, LAFAYETTE, LA 70503
1522 JOHNSTON ST, LAFAYETTE, LA 70503
1737 N UNIVERSITY AVE, LAFAYETTE, LA 70507
2600 W PINHOOK, LAFAYETTE, LA 70508

57

TELEPHONE
225-293-9250
225-216-7774
225-275-9206
225-924-9544
225-383-6478
225-753-3535
225-926-8990
225-761-8607
225-769-0172
225-775-9084
225-753-9139
225-754-7404
225-291-2834
985-395-5590
504-394-7951
985-732-3973
318-742-4010
318-742-1829
318-747-7458
318-742-7542
337-332-5947
337-839-0401
225-749-7112
318-346-9000
337-886-1116
504-279-7633
504-682-2610
318-649-8811
985-892-6218
985-875-0152
985-893-2561
985-809-6803
337-788-0577
985-798-7702
985-325-3001
225-665-9096
225-791-4002
225-791-8280
225-532-4736
337-786-3800
337-462-1555
985-725-1021
225-473-6380
225-351-4054
337-546-0081
318-368-9700
337-828-1863
985-795-9556
225-673-9227
225-644-6093
225-647-8824
225-869-5070
337-662-3734
985-879-1396
504-362-0635
504-394-4581
504-362-8685
504-393-2619
985-542-7335
985-902-9911
985-542-0568
985-340-2952
504-347-2771
504-366-7994
318-949-8204
337-332-0026
318-927-1030
985-868-6593
985-851-6692
985-868-0696
985-223-2477
985-876-3662
337-582-4040
504-733-1421
504-833-3579
318-992-5900
337-824-9454
318-259-2623
337-643-8110
504-472-0459
504-466-0979
504-465-0645
504-468-9804
337-738-3434
985-652-5171
985-652-2600
337-984-8028
337-234-5718
337-269-0234
337-234-2035

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
EDWARD J KRAMPE, III
EDWARD J KRAMPE, III
EDWARD J KRAMPE, III
EDWARD J KRAMPE, III
JACQUELYN MARKS
RIKESH A PATEL
RIKESH A PATEL
RIKESH A PATEL
RIKESH A PATEL
AJAY K PATEL
AJAY K PATEL
NICHOLAS J VALLUZZO
AJAY K PATEL
AJAY K PATEL
AJAY K PATEL
RIKESH A PATEL
EDWARD J KRAMPE, III
RIKESH A PATEL
RANDEY FISHER
CRYSTAL R MARKS
CRYSTAL R MARKS
NICHOLAS J VALLUZZO
CHRISTOPHER BARDELL
CHRISTOPHER BARDELL
CHRISTOPHER BARDELL
CHRISTOPHER BARDELL
JAMAR THROWER
MICHAEL J VALLUZZO
NICHOLAS J VALLUZZO
SUSAN L CHRISMAN
TONY E GILLEY
TONY E GILLEY
TONY E GILLEY
TONY E GILLEY
JAMES LAIRD
TERRY WILBURN
RIKESH A PATEL
RIKESH A PATEL
RIKESH A PATEL
HALEY MILLER
LAWRENCE MILLER
LAWRENCE MILLER
LAWRENCE MILLER
CHRISTOPHER BARDELL
CHRISTOPHER BARDELL
CHRISTOPHER BARDELL
CHRISTOPHER BARDELL
CHRISTOPHER BARDELL
CHRISTOPHER BARDELL
CHRISTOPHER BARDELL
HENRY COAXUM, JR.
HENRY COAXUM, JR.
HENRY COAXUM, JR.
LOUIS COLIN
LOUIS COLIN
CHRISTOPHER J KRAMPE
TONY E GILLEY
AJAY K PATEL
EDWARD J KRAMPE, III
NICHOLAS J VALLUZZO
RAYMOND E MASKER III
JOHNNIE B MARKS
JOHNNIE B MARKS
CHRISTOPHER J KRAMPE
JOHN C VALLUZZO
JOHN C VALLUZZO
CRYSTAL R MARKS
EDWARD J KRAMPE, III
EDWARD J KRAMPE, III
ANTHONY J HERQUES, JR.
EDWARD J KRAMPE, III
TONY E GILLEY
MICHAEL J VALLUZZO
TONY E GILLEY
TONY E GILLEY
JOHN C VALLUZZO
JOHN C VALLUZZO
CHRISTOPHER J KRAMPE
SAMANTHA TRAN
SAMANTHA TRAN
SAMANTHA TRAN
SAMANTHA TRAN
TONY E GILLEY
TONY E GILLEY
TONY E GILLEY
TONY E GILLEY
TONY E GILLEY
TONY E GILLEY
TONY E GILLEY
TONY E GILLEY

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
1430 NE EVANGELINE THWY, LAFAYETTE, LA 70501
812 AMBASSADOR CAFFERY PARKWAY, LAFAYETTE, LA 70506
2515 KALISTE SALOOM, LAFAYETTE, LA 70508
6801 JOHNSTON STREET, LAFAYETTE, LA 70503
3201 LOUISIANA AVE, LAFAYETTE, LA 70501
625 E PRIEN LAKE RD, LAKE CHARLES, LA 70601-8611
2602 BROAD ST, LAKE CHARLES, LA 70615
4212 RYAN ST, LAKE CHARLES, LA 70605
4505 NELSON RD, LAKE CHARLES, LA 70605
1638 US RTE 171, LEESVILLE, LA 71446
1405 ENTRANCE ROAD, LEESVILLE, LA 71459
12663 HIGHWAY 90, LULING, LA 70070
4575 LASALLE ST, MANDEVILLE, LA 70471
2045 FLORIDA AVE, MANDEVILLE, LA 70448
1687 DOVE PARK RD, MANDEVILLE, LA 70471
1116 POLK STREET, MANSFIELD, LA 71052
110 SLIM LEMOINE RD, MANSURA, LA 71350
295 SAN ANTONIO AVE, MANY, LA 71449
6140 WESTBANK EXPWY, MARRERO, LA 70072-2803
2551 LAFITTE LAROSE HWY, MARRERO, LA 70072
1681 BARATARIA BLVD, MARRERO, LA 70072
4202 E JUDGE PEREZ DR, MERAUX, LA 70075
3313 CLEARY AVE, METAIRIE, LA 70002-5607
3532 SEVERN AVE, METAIRIE, LA 70002-6574
301 VETERANS HWY, METAIRIE, LA 70005-3007
5315 VETERANS MEMORIAL BLVD, METAIRIE, LA 70003-1725
6401 AIRLINE HWY, METAIRIE, LA 70003
2700 AIRLINE DR, METAIRIE, LA 70002
701 CLEARVIEW PKY, METAIRIE, LA 70001
303 HOMER RD, MINDEN, LA 71055-2833
1406 N 18TH ST, MONROE, LA 71201-4912
1616 MARTIN LUTHER KING JR DR, MONROE, LA 71202
1614 STERLINGTON RD, MONROE, LA 71203-3507
4095 STERLINGTON ROAD, MONROE, LA 71203
8023 DESIARD HWY, MONROE, LA 71203-4939
6387 US HIGHWAY 90 EAST, MORGAN CITY, LA 70380
293 SAM HOUSTON JONES PKY, MOSS BLUFF, LA 70611
5336 HWY 6, NATCHITOCHES, LA 71457
304 KEYSER AVENUE, NATCHITOCHES, LA 71457
1205 E ADMIRAL DOYLE DR (WM #0533), NEW IBERIA, LA 70511
927 E MAIN ST, NEW IBERIA, LA 70560-3827
1501 CENTER ST, NEW IBERIA, LA 70560
2518 W OLD SPANISH TRAIL, NEW IBERIA, LA 70560
2757 CANAL ST, NEW ORLEANS, LA 70119-5501
2609 SAINT CLAUDE AVE, NEW ORLEANS, LA 70117-7248
4240 LOUISA ST, NEW ORLEANS, LA 70126-5009
3321 SAINT CHARLES AVE, NEW ORLEANS, LA 70115-4533
1918 N BROAD ST, NEW ORLEANS, LA 70119-1848
3443 S CARROLLTON, NEW ORLEANS, LA 70118
3025 ELYSIAN FIELDS AVE, NEW ORLEANS, LA 70122-3626
10001 I 10 SERVICE ROAD, NEW ORLEANS, LA 70127-2719
2856 SOUTH CLAIBORNE, NEW ORLEANS, LA 70125-3932
6005 BULLARD RD, NEW ORLEANS, LA 70128
4589 GENERAL MEYER AVE, NEW ORLEANS, LA 70131
3250 GENERAL DEGAULLE DR, NEW ORLEANS, LA 70114-6709
440 HOSPITAL ROAD, NEW ROADS, LA 70760
708 S CONSTITUTION AVE, OAK GROVE, LA 71263
159 HWY 165 S, OAKDALE, LA 71463-2812
1206 CRESWELL LN, OPELOUSAS, LA 70570-7813
15255 US HWY 90, PARADIS, LA 70080
64121 HWY 1090, PEARL RIVER, LA 70452
2711 HWY 28 E, PINEVILLE, LA 71360-5712
3313 MONROE HWY, PINEVILLE, LA 71360-4106
24520 HWY 1, PLAQUEMINE, LA 70764-4170
810 W PINE ST, PONCHATOULA, LA 70454
150 N LOBDELL HWY, PORT ALLEN, LA 70767-4170
17634 HIGHWAY 190, PORT BARRE, LA 70577
17170 AIRLINE HWY, PRAIRIEVILLE, LA 70769
15022 US-61, PRAIRIEVILLE, LA 70769
4850 HIGHWAY 1, RACELAND, LA 70394
1026 CHURCH POINT HWY, RAYNE, LA 70578
141 MAXWELL ST, RAYVILLE, LA 71269
9601 JEFFERSON HWY, RIVER RIDGE, LA 70123
400 S TRENTON, RUSTON, LA 71270
1101 N SERVICE RD E, RUSTON, LA 71270
6899 US HIGHWAY 61, SAINT FRANCISVILLE, LA 70775
1544 HARDING BLVD, SCOTLANDVILLE, LA 70807-5440
700 I-10 SOUTH FRONTAGE ROAD, SCOTT, LA 70583
1302 SHREVEPORT BARKSDALE HWY, SHREVEPORT, LA 71105-2408
5849 N MARKET STREET, SHREVEPORT, LA 71107
3100 WEST BERT KOUNS INDUSTRIAL LOOP, SHREVEPORT, LA 71118-2924
1601 N MARKET STREET, SHREVEPORT, LA 71107
3610 GREENWOOD ROAD, SHREVEPORT, LA 71109-5108
7000 MANSFIELD RD, SHREVEPORT, LA 71108-5202
5920 LINE AVENUE, SHREVEPORT, LA 71106-2038
6705 PINES RD, SHREVEPORT, LA 71129-2511
395 BERT KOUNS INDUSTRIAL LOOP, SHREVEPORT, LA 71106-8124
1635 E BERT KOUNS, SHREVEPORT, LA 71105
1100 KINGS HWY, SHREVEPORT, LA 71104
2955 PECOS POINT DRIVE, SHREVEPORT, LA 71118

58

TELEPHONE
337-233-8693
337-233-0689
337-989-2750
337-993-3112
337-264-0479
337-478-5622
337-433-8622
337-474-1880
337-474-4040
337-238-1555
337-537-0366
985-785-1440
985-626-7366
985-674-2315
985-893-1089
318-872-3550
318-253-4985
318-256-0047
504-341-2497
504-328-4761
504-347-3300
504-684-3774
504-885-4762
504-889-2559
504-835-6437
504-888-5174
504-733-2197
504-219-1959
504-828-5266
318-371-0688
318-323-3872
318-387-5546
318-343-0515
318-327-5523
318-345-2147
985-385-5002
337-855-7300
318-357-1570
318-352-7474
337-364-6237
337-365-8438
337-365-5738
337-560-4331
504-309-0908
504-943-3494
504-944-1712
504-891-8323
504-324-3531
504-309-4026
504-948-8666
504-248-5764
504-894-8691
504-240-4041
504-392-2440
504-361-1377
225-638-9300
318-428-3251
318-335-2023
337-948-9169
985-758-3339
985-863-2314
318-487-1315
318-640-2944
225-687-2115
985-370-4610
225-387-9784
337-585-4270
225-744-4343
225-313-3096
985-532-8003
337-334-7821
318-728-2133
504-737-2129
318-254-1200
318-562-5643
225-635-9300
225-775-5345
337-504-4403
318-861-2532
318-929-4126
318-687-0407
318-222-6151
318-638-8105
318-603-2039
318-219-7473
318-687-2223
318-688-5578
318-797-7667
318-221-5179
318-682-9956

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
RAYMOND E MASKER III
RAYMOND E MASKER III
RAYMOND E MASKER III
RAYMOND E MASKER III
RAYMOND E MASKER III
RAYMOND E MASKER III
EDWARD J KRAMPE, III
TIMOTHY JACKSON
HALEY MILLER
RIKESH A PATEL
RIKESH A PATEL
TONY E GILLEY
TERRY WILBURN
TERRY WILBURN
TERRY WILBURN
MELANIE E ROACH
EDWARD J KRAMPE, III
EDWARD J KRAMPE, III
TONY E GILLEY
TONY E GILLEY
TONY E GILLEY
RIKESH A PATEL
RANDEY FISHER
TONY E GILLEY
TONY E GILLEY
EDWARD J KRAMPE, III
CHRISTOPHER J KRAMPE
PAULA L WRIGHT
JORGE B GOMEZ
SCOTT TAYLOR
VIJAY SELHI
CARISSA HALEY
CARISSA HALEY
JOSEPH SPADEA
JORGE B GOMEZ
RICHARD T HOGAN
JOSEPH S NAPOLI
JORGE B GOMEZ
DAVID YEE
RICHARD T HOGAN
JORGE B GOMEZ
JOSEPH SPADEA
JONATHAN LIETZ
LINDSAY WALLIN
RICHARD T HOGAN
TIMOTHY H MCCOY
MARK T MCBEE
PAULA L WRIGHT
VERN CHIN
VERN CHIN
ANURAG SELHI
ANURAG SELHI
CHERAG SELHI
CHERAG SELHI
VIJAY SELHI
VIJAY SELHI
MARK T MCBEE
CHRISTINE R YEE
RICHARD T HOGAN
MARK T MCBEE
TIMOTHY H MCCOY
CHERAG SELHI
VERN CHIN
VERN CHIN
VERN CHIN
MARK T MCBEE
RICHARD T HOGAN
PAUL FARREN
VERN CHIN
VIJAY SELHI
MARK T MCBEE
JOSEPH SPADEA
PAULA L WRIGHT
MARK T MCBEE
TIMOTHY H MCCOY
CHERAG SELHI
DONALD A WRIGHT, JR.
DONALD A WRIGHT, JR.
GEORGE GOMEZ
GEORGE GOMEZ
GEORGE GOMEZ
JORGE B GOMEZ
DAVID YEE
JONATHAN LIETZ
LINDSAY WALLIN
LINDSAY WALLIN
VIJAY SELHI
VIJAY SELHI
VIJAY SELHI
DAVID YEE

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
1625 GAUSE RD, SLIDELL, LA 70458-2209
100 BROWNSWITCH RD, SLIDELL, LA 70458-1006
2190 GAUSE BLVD W, SLIDELL, LA 70460
370 VOTERS RD, SLIDELL, LA 70461-3520
3096 GAUSE BLVD E, SLIDELL, LA 70461
3301 PONTCHARTRAIN DRIVE, SLIDELL, LA 70458
7150A HIGHWAY 22, SORRENTO, LA 70778
1104 S ARKANSAS ST, SPRINGHILL, LA 71075-3824
2020 MAIN ST, ST MARTINVILLE, LA 70582-3640
1609 S RUTH ST, SULPHUR, LA 70663-4905
297 N CITIES SERVICE HWY, SULPHUR, LA 70663-5421
1601 HWY 65 S, TALLULAH, LA 71282-4808
307 N CANAL BLVD, THIBODAUX, LA 70301-2912
1715 SAINT MARY ST, THIBODAUX, LA 70301
1020 SOUTH ACADIA ROAD, THIBODAUX, LA 70301
1600 CARTER ST, VIDALIA, LA 71373
321 TATE COVE RD, VILLE PLATTE, LA 70586
27951 WALKER RD SOUTH, WALKER, LA 70785
202 THOMAS RD, WEST MONROE, LA 71291-7361
150 WELL RD, WEST MONROE, LA 71291-4912
201 BRIDGE ST, WEST MONROE, LA 71291
1603 SAMPSON ST, WESTLAKE, LA 70669-4013
501 WESTBANK EXPY, WESTWEGO, LA 70094
103 HWY 84 W, WINNFIELD, LA 71483
3330 FRONT ST, WINNSBORO, LA 71295
2814 E MILTON AVE, YOUNGSVILLE, LA 70592-5349
5240 MAIN ST, ZACHARY, LA 70791-3952
55 GREAT ROAD, ACTON, MA 01720
2 COMMERCIAL ST, ADAMS, MA 01220
868 SUFFIELD STREET, AGAWAM, MA 01001
1223 COMMONWEALTH AVE, ALLSTON, MA 02134
100 MACY ST, AMESBURY, MA 01913
195 N MAIN ST, ANDOVER, MA 01810
225 POND ST, ASHLAND, MA 01721
100 BROOKSIDE RD, ATHOL, MA 01331
444 WASHINGTON STREET, ATTLEBORO, MA 02703
531 PLEASANT ST, ATTLEBORO, MA 02703
72 AUBURN STREET, AUBURN, MA 01501-2458
2 SANDY POND RD, AYER, MA 01432
346 GREAT RD, BEDFORD, MA 01730
148 N MAIN ST, BELCHERTOWN, MA 01007
272 HARTFORD ST, BELLINGHAM, MA 02019
40 ENON ST, BEVERLY, MA 01915
230 ELLIOTT ST, BEVERLY, MA 01915
273 BOSTON RD, BILLERICA, MA 01821
718 BOSTON RD, BILLERICA, MA 01821
MASS TPKE / I-90 EAST (SERVICE PLAZA), BLANDFORD, MA 01008
MASS TPKE / I-90 WEST (SERVICE PLAZA), BLANDFORD, MA 01008
350 LONGWOOD AVE (LONGWOOD GALLERIA), BOSTON, MA 02115
329 WASHINGTON ST, BOSTON, MA 02108
146 TREMONT ST, BOSTON, MA 02111
700 ATLANTIC AVE, BOSTON, MA 02110
540 COMMONWEALTH AVE, BOSTON, MA 02215
100 LEGENDS WAY, BOSTON, MA 02114
700 ATLANTIC AVE (SOUTH STATION), BOSTON, MA 02110
870 MASSACHUSETTS AVE, BOSTON, MA 02118
370 MACARTHUR BLVD, BOURNE, MA 02532
53 S MAIN ST, BRADFORD, MA 01835
12 PEARL ST, BRAINTREE, MA 02184
222 BROAD STREET, BRIDGEWATER, MA 02324
1750 SOLDIERS FLD RD, BRIGHTON, MA 02135
360 WESTERN AVE, BRIGHTON, MA 02135
664 CRESCENT ST ROUTE 27, BROCKTON, MA 02302
715 BELMONT ST, BROCKTON, MA 02301
334 N PEARL ST, BROCKTON, MA 02301
908 N MONTELLO ST, BROCKTON, MA 02301
55 MIDDLESEX TPKE, BURLINGTON, MA 01803
3020 CRANBERRY HWY, BUZZARDS BAY, MA 02532
463 MASSACHUSETTS AVE, CAMBRIDGE, MA 02139
186 ALE WIFE BROOK PKY, CAMBRIDGE, MA 02138
41 WASHINGTON ST, CANTON, MA 02021
38 WORCESTER ROAD, CHARLTON, MA 01507
MASS TPKE / I-90 WEST (SERVICE PLAZA), CHARLTON, MA 01507
MASS TPKE / I-90 EAST (SERVICE PLAZA), CHARLTON CITY, MA 01508
17 DRUM HILL RD, CHELMSFORD, MA 01824
472 BROADWAY, CHELSEA, MA 02150
170 REVERE BEACH PKY, CHELSEA, MA 02150
1018 REVERE BEACH PKWY, CHELSEA, MA 02150
1460 MEMORIAL DRIVE, CHICOPEE, MA 01020-3964
777 MEADOW ST, CHICOPEE, MA 01013
639 MEMORIAL DRIVE, CHICOPEE, MA 01020
350 BURNETT RD, CHICOPEE, MA 01020
1040 MAIN ST, CLINTON, MA 01510
77 HIGH ST, DANVERS, MA 01923-3145
135 ANDOVER ST, DANVERS, MA 01923
180 ENDICOTT ST, DANVERS, MA 01923
515 GALLIVAN BLVD, DORCHESTER, MA 02124
1513 DORCHE STER AVE, DORCHESTER, MA 02122
605 WASHINGTON ST, DORCHESTER, MA 02124
1260 BRIDGE ST, DRACUT, MA 01826

59

TELEPHONE
985-641-5847
985-646-1081
985-781-3080
985-649-6077
985-781-6644
985-639-1540
225-675-8056
318-539-2400
337-394-5214
337-527-9816
337-625-3745
318-574-3313
985-448-1727
985-446-5500
985-447-3632
318-336-8080
337-363-7912
225-665-2829
318-317-4395
318-396-4543
318-387-2879
337-436-6922
504-328-5038
318-628-3134
318-435-4099
337-856-8125
225-654-7903
978-264-2062
413-743-4678
413-786-6863
617-562-1313
978-388-8956
978-475-9854
508-881-7973
978-249-9866
508-761-8656
508-222-0217
508-832-3744
978-772-9626
781-275-8746
413-323-6498
508-966-0522
978-922-1884
978-969-1004
978-667-9174
978-262-9706
413-848-2518
413-848-2284
617-566-4888
617-557-0089
617-338-9876
000-000-0000
617-778-5228
000-000-0000
617-261-1551
617-442-4349
508-759-4716
978-374-9812
781-356-4545
508-697-9568
617-783-9393
617-787-2882
508-586-4594
508-583-3889
508-583-3627
508-588-9920
781-272-4165
508-295-2101
617-497-3926
617-876-6509
781-821-4324
508-248-7040
508-248-6788
508-248-0517
978-459-3024
617-466-0484
781-629-5139
617-884-4898
413-532-5128
413-592-5345
413-593-3110
413-592-0646
978-365-9894
978-762-0902
978-774-0151
978-774-6017
617-282-0070
617-288-3468
617-282-8146
978-459-3029

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
PATRICK M TREFFILETTI
JORGE B GOMEZ
GEOFFREY BREWSTER
PAUL FARREN
PAUL FARREN
RICHARD T HOGAN
RICHARD T HOGAN
RICHARD T HOGAN
CHRISTOPHER S WALACH
CHRISTINE R YEE
DAVID YEE
PAUL FARREN
PAUL FARREN
DONALD A WRIGHT, JR.
DONALD A WRIGHT, JR.
RICHARD T HOGAN
CHRISTINE R YEE
JONATHAN LIETZ
GEORGE GOMEZ
JORGE B GOMEZ
JORGE B GOMEZ
JORGE B GOMEZ
GEOFFREY BREWSTER
MARK T MCBEE
CHRISTINE R YEE
CHRISTINE R YEE
DANIEL C HURLEY, II
GEORGE GOMEZ
JORGE B GOMEZ
JORGE B GOMEZ
PAULA L WRIGHT
MARK T MCBEE
MARK T MCBEE
VIJAY SELHI
MARK T MCBEE
DAVID YEE
DAVID YEE
JORGE B GOMEZ
JORGE B GOMEZ
MARK T MCBEE
CHRISTINE R YEE
CHRISTINE R YEE
DAVID YEE
RICHARD T HOGAN
TIMOTHY H MCCOY
TIMOTHY H MCCOY
TIMOTHY H MCCOY
GEORGE GOMEZ
MARK T MCBEE
JONATHAN LIETZ
JONATHAN LIETZ
LINDSAY WALLIN
GEOFFREY BREWSTER
DAVID BALDUCCI
DAVID BALDUCCI
JOSEPH NAPOLI
PAULA L WRIGHT
CHRISTINE R YEE
DAVID YEE
DAVID YEE
DAVID YEE
RICHARD T HOGAN
LINDSAY WALLIN
JOSEPH SPADEA
JOSEPH SPADEA
JOSEPH SPADEA
PAULA L WRIGHT
DAVID YEE
DAVID YEE
TIMOTHY H MCCOY
PAUL FARREN
PAUL FARREN
PAUL FARREN
PAUL FARREN
CARISSA HALEY
RICHARD T HOGAN
TIMOTHY H MCCOY
TIMOTHY H MCCOY
JORGE B GOMEZ
JONATHAN LIETZ
RICHARD T HOGAN
MARK T MCBEE
PAUL FARREN
DONALD A WRIGHT, JR.
RICHARD T HOGAN
JORGE B GOMEZ
PAUL FARREN
GEOFFREY BREWSTER
PAUL FARREN
PAUL FARREN

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
178 BORDER ST, EAST BOSTON, MA 02128
121 N HAMPTON ST, EASTHAMPTON, MA 01027
128 BROADWAY, EVERETT, MA 02149
14 PLAZA WAY, FAIRHAVEN, MA 02719
1690 PRESIDENT AVE, FALL RIVER, MA 02720
44 WM S CANNING BLVD, FALL RIVER, MA 02721
300 PLYMOUTH AVE, FALL RIVER, MA 02721
834 BRAYTON AVE, FALL RIVER, MA 02721
1853 S MAIN ST, FALL RIVER, MA 02724
114 WHALON ST, FITCHBURG, MA 01420
334 JOHN FITCH HIGHWAY, FITCHBURG, MA 01420
212 NORTH ST, FOXBORO, MA 02035
1223 WORCESTER ROAD, FRAMINGHAM, MA 01701
343 COCHITUATE RD, FRAMINGHAM, MA 01701
MASS TPKE / I-90 WEST (SERVICE PLAZA), FRAMINGHAM, MA 01701
345 E CENTRAL ST, FRANKLIN, MA 02038
223 TIMPANY BLVD, GARDNER, MA 01440
50 MAPLEWOOD AVE, GLOUCESTER, MA 01930
302 STOCKBRIDGE RD, GREAT BARRINGTON, MA 01230
285 FEDERAL ST, GREENFIELD, MA 01301
208 MOHAWK TRL, GREENFIELD, MA 01301
374 RUSSELL ST, HADLEY, MA 01035
1392 WASHINGTON ST, HANOVER, MA 02339
318 LIBERTY ST, HANSON, MA 02341
1180 N MAIN ST, HAVERHILL, MA 01830
795 RIVER ST, HAVERHILL, MA 01832
638 S MAIN ST, HOLDEN, MA 01520
233 WHITING FARMS ROAD, HOLYOKE, MA 01040
2194 N HAMPTON ST, HOLYOKE, MA 01040
285 MAPLE ST, HOLYOKE, MA 01040
173 WASHINGTON ST, HUDSON, MA 01749
654 IYANNOUGH ROAD, HYANNIS, MA 02601
187 NORTH STREET, HYANNIS, MA 02601
1312 HYDE PARK AVE, HYDE PARK, MA 02136
178 SUMMER ST, KINGSTON, MA 02364
50 BROADWAY, LAWRENCE, MA 01840
599 ANDOVER ST, LAWRENCE, MA 01840
245 HOUSATONIC ST, LEE, MA 01238
MASS TPKE / I-90 WEST (SERVICE PLAZA), LEE, MA 01238
MASS TPKE / I-90 EAST (SERVICE PLAZA), LEE, MA 01238
247 MILL ST, LEOMINSTER, MA 01453
340 NEW LANCASTER ROAD, LEOMINSTER, MA 01453
302 N MAIN STREET, LEOMINSTER, MA 01453
I-95 / RTE 128 NORTH (SERVICE PLAZA), LEXINGTON, MA 02421
803 ROGERS ST, LOWELL, MA 01852
66 PLAIN ST, LOWELL, MA 01851
1 VARNUM AVE, LOWELL, MA 01854
420 CENTER ST, LUDLOW, MA 01056
MASS TPKE / I-90 EAST (SERVICE PLAZA), LUDLOW, MA 01056
780 LYNN WAY (WM #2139), LYNN, MA 01905
567 LYNNWAY, LYNN, MA 01905
60 BOSTON ST, LYNN, MA 01904
114 BROADWAY, MALDEN, MA 02148
250 MAPLE ST, MARLBOROUGH, MA 01752
155 BOSTON POST RD W, MARLBOROUGH, MA 01752
2121 OCEAN ST, MARSHFIELD, MA 02050
4 MAIN STREET, MAYNARD, MA 01754
170 HAVERHILL ST, METHUEN, MA 01844
110 PLEASANT VALLEY ST, METHUEN, MA 01844
147 PELHAM ST, METHUEN, MA 01844
40 JACKSON STREET, METHUEN, MA 01844
14 E CLARK ST, MIDDLEBORO, MA 02346
255 S MAIN ST, MIDDLETON, MA 01949-2444
139 S MAIN ST, MILFORD, MA 01757
143 MEDWAY RD, MILFORD, MA 01757
808 MAIN ST, MILLIS, MA 02054
MASS TPKE / I-90 EAST (SERVICE PLAZA), NATICK, MA 01760
290 WORCESTER STREET, NATICK, MA 01760
1245 WORCESTER ST (NATICK MALL), NATICK, MA 01760-1515
340 CHESTNUT ST, NEEDHAM, MA 02492
1080 KINGS HWY, NEW BEDFORD, MA 02745
159 HATHAWAY RD, NEW BEDFORD, MA 02746
486 COUNTY ST, NEW BEDFORD, MA 02740
141 COGGESHALL ST, NEW BEDFORD, MA 02746
37 STOREY AVE, NEWBURYPORT, MA 01950
I-95 / RTE 128 SOUTH (SERVICE PLAZA), NEWTON, MA 02462
197 CALIFORNIA ST, NEWTON, MA 02458
111 NEEDHAM STREET, NEWTON, MA 02158
17 UNION ST, NORTH ADAMS, MA 01247
660 CHICKERING RD, NORTH ANDOVER, MA 01845-1903
226 E WASHINGTON STREET, NORTH ATTLEBOROUGH, MA 02760
96 N MAIN ST, NORTH CARVER, MA 02330
135 FAUNCE CORNER RD, NORTH DARTMOUTH, MA 02747
43 MAIN ST, NORTH READING, MA 01864
715 BRIDGE ST, NORTH WEYMOUTH, MA 02191
221 KING ST, NORTHAMPTON, MA 01060
175 MANSFIELD AVE, NORTON, MA 02766
59 WASHINGTON ST (MA-53), NORWELL, MA 02061
32 BROADWAY, NORWOOD, MA 02062
31 PROVIDENCE HWY, NORWOOD, MA 02062

60

TELEPHONE
617-567-9374
413-527-5526
617-387-8625
508-994-3055
508-676-9400
508-678-0300
508-678-7200
508-673-1031
508-675-4561
978-342-2862
978-343-9618
508-543-0165
508-875-9771
508-861-3869
508-877-2023
508-528-9816
978-632-9859
978-281-6227
413-528-0434
413-774-3618
413-774-5311
413-582-0176
781-826-2081
781-294-4455
978-373-9264
978-373-5155
508-829-5615
413-322-7092
413-532-5116
413-534-0228
978-310-7721
508-771-1513
508-778-9731
617-364-2299
781-585-9234
978-685-4728
978-685-0005
413-243-2253
413-243-6695
413-243-4666
978-534-9706
978-534-3057
978-534-9762
781-861-1144
978-452-9258
978-970-5531
978-454-1199
413-583-6827
413-589-1790
781-581-2042
339-440-5620
781-592-2350
781-322-4443
508-485-8547
508-485-7250
781-837-4217
978-897-8995
978-687-9301
978-687-9831
978-683-8641
978-208-6187
508-947-5600
978-774-4538
508-478-3412
508-473-3205
508-376-4031
508-651-1687
508-653-1809
508-545-0762
781-444-8592
774-305-4352
508-993-2279
508-994-0250
508-996-0900
978-462-7575
617-332-1771
617-527-9693
617-527-3570
413-664-7272
978-685-9757
508-695-3900
508-866-8566
508-992-9269
978-664-0008
781-331-0966
413-584-5073
508-285-5083
781-878-8068
781-769-4915
781-352-4414

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
PAULA L WRIGHT
JOSEPH SPADEA
JORGE B GOMEZ
JONATHAN LIETZ
LINDSAY WALLIN
JORGE B GOMEZ
JORGE B GOMEZ
RICHARD T HOGAN
RICHARD T HOGAN
MARK T MCBEE
GEOFFREY BREWSTER
JOSEPH NAPOLI
JOSEPH NAPOLI
RICHARD T HOGAN
JOSEPH NAPOLI
TIMOTHY H MCCOY
GEOFFREY BREWSTER
JOSEPH NAPOLI
CHERAG SELHI
JONATHAN LIETZ
VIJAY SELHI
VIJAY SELHI
RICHARD T HOGAN
JONATHAN LIETZ
LINDSAY WALLIN
LINDSAY WALLIN
LINDSAY WALLIN
CHRISTOPHER S WALACH
ANURAG SELHI
PAUL FARREN
MARK T MCBEE
VINCENT J SPADEA
SCOTT TAYLOR
JOSEPH SPADEA
GEORGE R MICHELL
GEORGE R MICHELL
GEORGE R MICHELL
GEORGE R MICHELL
JORGE B GOMEZ
MARK T MCBEE
MARK T MCBEE
MARK T MCBEE
MARK T MCBEE
PAUL FARREN
VINCENT J SPADEA
RICHARD T HOGAN
RICHARD T HOGAN
ROGER CURTIS
MARK T MCBEE
TIMOTHY H MCCOY
DONALD A WRIGHT, JR.
DAVID YEE
JOSEPH SPADEA
TIMOTHY H MCCOY
PAUL FARREN
RICHARD T HOGAN
JORGE B GOMEZ
JOSEPH SPADEA
CHERAG SELHI
MARK T MCBEE
MARK T MCBEE
DANIEL C HURLEY, II
JOSEPH SPADEA
SCOTT TAYLOR
JORGE B GOMEZ
PAULA L WRIGHT
GEOFFREY BREWSTER
JOSEPH SPADEA
VERN CHIN
TIMOTHY H MCCOY
JOSEPH SPADEA
GEOFFREY BREWSTER
RICHARD T HOGAN
JORGE B GOMEZ
JORGE B GOMEZ
JORGE B GOMEZ
JORGE B GOMEZ
JORGE B GOMEZ
JORGE B GOMEZ
DANIEL C HURLEY, II
SCOTT D RARDIN
SCOTT D RARDIN
SCOTT D RARDIN
GERALD FAIR
GERALD FAIR
GERALD FAIR
BRITTNEY BELL
BRITTNEY BELL
DANITRA BELL
DANITRA BELL

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
1600 PROVIDENCE HWY, NORWOOD, MA 02062
26 A SUTTON AVE, OXFORD, MA 01540
1184 THORNDIKE ST, PALMER, MA 01069
210 ANDOVER STREET (NORTHSHORE MALL), PEABODY, MA 01960
133 MAIN ST, PEABODY, MA 01960
445 W HOUSATONIC ST, PITTSFIELD, MA 01201
61 CHESHIRE ROAD, PITTSFIELD, MA 01201
9 TAUNTON ST, PLAINVILLE, MA 02762
143 SAMOSET ST, PLYMOUTH, MA 02360
RTE 3 SOUTH (SERVICE PLAZA), PLYMOUTH, MA 02360
275 HANCOCK ST, QUINCY, MA 02171
473 SOUTHERN ARTERY, QUINCY, MA 02169
8 HIGHLAND AVE, RANDOLPH, MA 02368
947 BROADWAY, RAYNHAM, MA 02767
365 NEW STATE HWY, RAYNHAM, MA 02767
413 MAIN ST, READING, MA 01867
339 SQUIRE ROAD, REVERE, MA 02151
117 MARKET ST, ROCKLAND, MA 02370
718 AMERICAN LGN HWY, ROSLINDALE, MA 02131
155 NEWBURYPORT TPK, ROWLEY, MA 01969
301 WARREN ST, ROXBURY, MA 02119
3064 WASHINGTON ST, ROXBURY, MA 02119
15 MEETINGHOUSE LN, SAGAMORE BEACH, MA 02562
150 CANAL ST, SALEM, MA 01970
1 TRADERS WAY, SALEM, MA 01970
738 BROADWAY (RT 1 NORTH), SAUGUS, MA 01906
127 BROADWAY (RT 1 SOUTH), SAUGUS, MA 01906
250 HIGHLAND AVE, SEEKONK, MA 02771
14 MCGRATH HWY, SOMMERVILLE, MA 02143
179 ROCKSDALE AVE, SOUTH DARTMOUTH, MA 02714
1060 RT 28, SOUTH YARMOUTH, MA 02664
515 E MAIN ST, SOUTHBRIDGE, MA 01550
214 COLLEGE HWY, SOUTHWICK, MA 01077
59 W MAIN ST, SPENCER, MA 01562
1402 ALLEN STREET, SPRINGFIELD, MA 01118-1806
771 PAGE BLVD, SPRINGFIELD, MA 01104-3036
1610 BOSTON POST RD, SPRINGFIELD, MA 01119
360 MAIN ST, SPRINGFIELD, MA 01105
809 BOSTON RD, SPRINGFIELD, MA 01109
2392 MAIN ST, SPRINGFIELD, MA 01107-1906
782 STATE ST, SPRINGFIELD, MA 01105
660 LIBERTY ST, SPRINGFIELD, MA 01103
1361 LIBERTY ST, SPRINGFIELD, MA 01104-1170
422 WASHINGTON ST, STOUGHTON, MA 02072
364 MAIN ST, STURBRIDGE, MA 01566
631 GAR HWY, SWANSEA, MA 02777
181 JAMES REYNOLDS ROAD, SWANSEA, MA 02777
282 WINTHROP ST, TAUNTON, MA 02780
263 E MAIN ST, TEATICKET, MA 02536
1928 MAIN ST, TEWKSBURY, MA 01876
1915 ANDOVER ST, TEWKSBURY, MA 01876
20 MAIN ST, TOWNSEND, MA 01469
200 QUAKER HWY, UXBRIDGE, MA 01569
572 MAIN ST, WAKEFIELD, MA 01880
595 MAIN ST, WALPOLE, MA 02081
789 MAIN ST, WALTHAM, MA 02453
117 W ST, WARE, MA 01082
44 E MAIN ST, WEBSTER, MA 01570
1650 VFW PKY, WEST ROXBURY, MA 02132
352 RIVERDALE RD, WEST SPRINGFIELD, MA 01089
429 MEMORIAL AVE, WEST SPRINGFIELD, MA 01089
299 TURNPIKE RD, WESTBORO, MA 01581
166 EAST MAIN STREET, WESTBORO, MA 01581
299 E MAIN, WESTFIELD, MA 01085
182 N ELM ST, WESTFIELD, MA 01085
151 LITTLETON RD, WESTFORD, MA 01866
90 MAIN ST, WEYMOUTH, MA 02188
1190 PROVIDENCE RD, WHITINSVILLE, MA 01588
323 BEDFORD STREET, WHITMAN, MA 02333
212 MAIN ST, WILMINGTON, MA 01887
235 SPRING ST, WINCHENDON, MA 01475
333 MONTVALE AVE, WOBURN, MA 01801
187 CAMBRIDGE ST, WOBURN, MA 01801
995 MAIN STREET, WORCESTER, MA 01603-2418
982 GRAFTON STREET, WORCESTER, MA 01604-2034
766 W BOYLSTON ST, WORCESTER, MA 01606
529 SOUTHWEST CUTOFF, WORCESTER, MA 01607
548 LINCOLN ST, WORCESTER, MA 01608
595 MILL ST, WORCESTER, MA 01603
465 SHREWSBURY ST, WORCESTER, MA 01604
999 BEARDS HILL RD, ABERDEEN, MD 21001
744 S PHILADELPHIA BLVD, ABERDEEN, MD 21001
404 CONSTANT FRIENDSHIP BLVD, ABINGDON, MD 21009
1941 WEST ST, ANNAPOLIS, MD 21401
897 BAY RIDGE RD, ANNAPOLIS, MD 21403
1464 RITCHIE HWY, ARNOLD, MD 21012
4635-37 HARFORD RD, BALTIMORE, MD 21214
1500 HAVENWOOD ROAD, BALTIMORE, MD 21218
502 REISTERSTOWN RD, BALTIMORE, MD 21208
4401 REISTERTOWN RD, BALTIMORE, MD 21215

61

TELEPHONE
781-762-1275
508-987-2047
413-283-9095
978-977-6390
978-531-9513
413-442-4629
413-442-4602
508-695-9826
508-746-9885
508-747-9615
617-479-6795
617-479-6488
781-961-6005
508-828-1733
508-823-2022
781-944-9782
781-289-8172
781-982-0760
617-323-7027
978-948-3324
617-708-0625
617-442-0475
508-888-5225
978-745-2727
978-744-9631
781-233-8622
781-231-7042
508-336-4576
617-666-9666
508-999-5581
508-394-2303
508-764-2196
413-569-0540
508-885-3355
413-783-8044
413-739-5529
413-543-3473
413-739-3534
413-783-2328
413-781-2603
413-788-1444
413-731-1529
413-736-1905
781-344-0489
508-347-5856
508-672-9453
508-379-9899
508-823-8050
508-548-3872
978-851-9325
978-858-3458
978-597-6521
508-278-9431
781-246-7689
508-668-5919
781-893-6640
413-967-3485
508-943-9009
617-325-2709
413-737-5153
413-787-9951
508-616-0209
508-366-2276
413-562-3428
413-568-3595
978-692-7105
781-331-2270
508-234-2960
781-523-7028
978-658-4500
978-297-3528
781-933-8927
781-933-9799
508-757-5357
508-749-2931
508-852-1350
508-752-1097
508-852-5417
508-754-8812
508-757-9996
410-272-7868
443-360-4119
410-569-2977
410-266-1370
443-458-5008
410-626-7433
410-426-0557
443-902-3365
410-484-6261
410-578-4323

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
DANITRA BELL
DANITRA BELL
DANITRA BELL
DANITRA BELL
DANITRA BELL
DANITRA BELL
DANITRA BELL
DANITRA BELL
ORVILLE D BENNING
ORVILLE D BENNING
ORVILLE BENNING, III
MARK W FURR
MARK W FURR
MARK W FURR
MARK W FURR
CHRISTOPHER D MANN
CHRISTOPHER D MANN
CHRISTOPHER D MANN
CHRISTOPHER MONTANTE
CHRISTOPHER MONTANTE
CHRISTOPHER MONTANTE
CHRISTOPHER MONTANTE
CHRISTOPHER MONTANTE
CHRISTOPHER MONTANTE
CHRISTOPHER MONTANTE
SCOTT D RARDIN
SCOTT D RARDIN
SCOTT D RARDIN
SCOTT D RARDIN
SCOTT D RARDIN
SCOTT D RARDIN
LUIS E GAVIGNANO
LUIS E GAVIGNANO
BHUPENDRA SHAH
BHUPENDRA SHAH
BHUPENDRA SHAH
CHRISTOPHER MONTANTE
SCOTT D RARDIN
SCOTT D RARDIN
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
DAVID W RARDIN
KENNETH FOSTER, III
KENNETH FOSTER, III
ISAAC D GREEN
GERALD FAIR
CHARLENE FAIR
CHARINA FAIR
MICHAEL A MEOLI
CHARLENE FAIR
LUIS C MATEOS
MARY HOPKINS NAVIES
LUIS E GAVIGNANO
ORVILLE D BENNING
MICHAEL A MEOLI
CHARLENE FAIR
CHARLENE FAIR
MICHAEL A MEOLI
MICHAEL A MEOLI
SCOTT D RARDIN
CARLOS R MATEOS
IMANI FORD
MARY HOPKINS NAVIES
LUIS E GAVIGNANO
MARK W FURR
DANITRA BELL
SCOTT D RARDIN
SCOTT D RARDIN
SCOTT D RARDIN
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
CARLOS R MATEOS
CARLOS R MATEOS
CARLOS R MATEOS
ANA TAKATA
MICHAEL A MEOLI
ANA TAKATA
CHRISTOPHER D MANN
CHARLENE FAIR
MICHAEL A MEOLI
MICHAEL A MEOLI
SCOTT D RARDIN
SCOTT D RARDIN
SCOTT D RARDIN
SCOTT D RARDIN
SCOTT D RARDIN
SCOTT D RARDIN
SCOTT D RARDIN
MICHAEL A MEOLI
LUIS C MATEOS
LUIS C MATEOS

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
1011 N ROLLING RD, BALTIMORE, MD 21228
5637 BALTIMORE NATIONAL PIKE, BALTIMORE, MD 21228
6005 LIBERTY RD, BALTIMORE, MD 21207
5045 RITCHIE HWY, BALTIMORE, MD 21225
1706 REISTERTOWN RD, BALTIMORE, MD 21208
4205-15 MORTIMER AVE, BALTIMORE, MD 21215
3920 FALLS RD, BALTIMORE, MD 21211
6650 SECURITY BOULEVARD, BALTIMORE, MD 21207
2501-13 W FRANKLIN STR, BALTIMORE, MD 21223
3619 WILKINS AVE, BALTIMORE, MD 21229
25 N HOWARD ST, BALTIMORE, MD 21201
7309 MC CLEAN BLVD, BALTIMORE, MD 21234
4526 ERDMAN AVE, BALTIMORE, MD 21213
6001 MORAVIA RD, BALTIMORE, MD 21206
6830 LOCH RAVEN BLVD, BALTIMORE, MD 21286
7734 WISE AVE, BALTIMORE, MD 21222
3954 N POINT BLVD, BALTIMORE, MD 21222
205 BACK RIVER NECK RD, BALTIMORE, MD 21221
6315 KENWOOD AVE, BALTIMORE, MD 21237
3423 EASTERN BLVD, BALTIMORE, MD 21220
5600 ODONNELL STREET CUT OFF, BALTIMORE, MD 21224
7500 PULASKI HWY, BALTIMORE, MD 21237
6421 PETRIE WAY, BALTIMORE, MD 21237
6540 EASTERN AVENUE, BALTIMORE, MD 21224
1020 NORTHPOINT BLVD, BALTIMORE, MD 21224
8227 LIBERTY RD, BALTIMORE, MD 21244
3249 FREDERICK AVE, BALTIMORE, MD 21229
1655 BELMONT AVE, BALTIMORE, MD 21207
3223 WASHINGTON BLVD, BALTIMORE, MD 21230
825 EAST FORT AVENUE, BALTIMORE, MD 21230-5117
1000 EASTERN BLVD, BALTIMORE, MD 21221
5100 YORK RD, BALTIMORE, MD 21212
2840 GREENMOUNT AVE, BALTIMORE, MD 21218
2001 N BROADWAY, BALTIMORE, MD 21213
15 W NORTH AVE, BALTIMORE, MD 21201
5713 BELAIR RD, BALTIMORE, MD 21206
1906 EMMORTON RD, BEL AIR, MD 21014
2111 CHURCHVILLE RD, BEL AIR, MD 21015
1502 CONOWINGO RD, BEL AIR, MD 21014
11315 SAMUEL BOWEN ROAD, BERLIN, MD 21811
6219 GREENBELT ROAD, BERWYN HEIGHTS, MD 20740
5214 RIVER RD, BETHESDA, MD 20814
7101 DEMOCRACY BLVD (MONTGOMERY MALL), BETHESDA, MD 20817
10300 MARTIN LUTHER KING JR HWY, BOWIE, MD 20720
15806 CRAIN HWY, BRANDYWINE, MD 20613
15569 OLD COLUMBIA PIKE, BURTONSVILLE, MD 20866
45310 ALTON LANE, CALIFORNIA, MD 20619
317 SUNBURST HWY, CAMBRIDGE, MD 21613
1420 ADDISON RD S, CAPITOL HEIGHTS, MD 20743
1701 RITCHIE STATION CT, CAPITOL HEIGHTS, MD 20743
20 RITCHIE RD, CAPITOL HEIGHTS, MD 20743
4777 MARLBORO PIKE, CAPITOL HEIGHTS, MD 20743
501 FREDERICK RD, CATONSVILLE, MD 21228
2490 CENTREVILLE RD, CENTREVILLE, MD 21617
30050 THREE NOTCH RD, CHARLOTTE HALL, MD 20622-9801
7925 BAYSIDE RD, CHESAPEAKE BEACH, MD 20732
12 CHESTER PLAZA, CHESTER, MD 21619
875 WASHINGTON AVE, CHESTERTOWN, MD 21620
6095 DAY BREAK CIR, CLARKSVILLE, MD 21029
12820 CLEAR SPRING RD, CLEAR SPRING, MD 21722
6515 OLD ALEXANDRIA FERRY ROAD, CLINTON, MD 20735-1738
8905 STUART LANE, CLINTON, MD 20735-2742
8301 BALTIMORE BLVD, COLLEGE PARK, MD 20740
4101 BLADENSBURG RD, COLMAR MANOR, MD 20722
5485 HARPERS FARM ROAD, COLUMBIA, MD 21044-1107
6385 DOBBIN RD, COLUMBIA, MD 21045
7244 CRADLE ROCK WAY, COLUMBIA, MD 21045
10300 LITTLE PATUXENT PKY (THE MALL), COLUMBIA, MD 21044
15310 MCMULLEN HIGHWAY SW, CRESAPTOWN, MD 21502
10 MARYLAND AVE, CRISFIELD, MD 21817
620 INDUSTRIAL BLVD, CUMBERLAND, MD 21502
22 QUEEN CITY DR, CUMBERLAND, MD 21502
13300 ALI GHAN ROAD NE, CUMBERLAND, MD 21502
26429 RIDGE RD, DAMASCUS, MD 20872
605 N 6TH ST, DENTON, MD 21629
7200 MUNCASTER MILL ROAD, DERWOOD, MD 20855
2222 DUNDALK AVE, DUNDALK, MD 21222
10850 TOWN CENTER BLVD, DUNKIRK, MD 20754
8394 OCEAN GATEWAY, EASTON, MD 21601-1769
219 MARLBORO AVE, EASTON, MD 21601
1722 LIBERTY RD, ELDERSBURG, MD 21784
6225 WASHINGTON BLVD, ELKRIDGE, MD 21075
226 BELLE HILL RD, ELKTON, MD 21921
9303 BALTIMORE NATIONAL PIKE, ELLICOTT CITY, MD 21042
4396 MONTGOMERY RD, ELLICOTT CITY, MD 21042
517 E MAIN STREET, EMMITSBURG, MD 21727
2404 BEL AIR ROAD, FALLSTON, MD 21047
327 BLOOMINGDALE AVE, FEDERALSBURG, MD 21632
5501 LIVINGSTON RD, FOREST HEIGHTS, MD 20745-2037
6704 CHAVEZ LN, FORESTVILLE, MD 20747

62

TELEPHONE
410-788-2700
410-788-5089
410-597-8689
410-636-7303
410-653-5278
410-764-1739
410-889-2416
410-277-8572
410-947-2001
443-438-5253
410-244-6231
410-882-9144
410-483-9723
410-483-6110
410-321-7623
410-284-1560
410-477-3954
410-687-1133
410-866-1252
410-335-1177
410-633-1821
410-866-7308
410-687-0209
410-631-2719
410-282-1501
443-272-2829
410-945-8180
410-298-5300
410-247-6210
410-385-5364
410-682-5586
410-323-6010
410-243-3969
410-342-0268
410-837-6884
410-325-2907
410-569-0629
410-836-2105
410-638-2967
410-641-1133
301-345-3117
301-656-2638
301-365-0759
240-714-5948
301-782-4914
301-421-1598
301-862-1625
410-476-3508
301-499-2778
301-808-0033
301-350-2151
301-669-6401
443-251-2935
410-758-8223
301-884-5770
301-855-4807
410-643-6121
410-810-0163
410-531-7950
301-842-1054
301-868-8736
301-868-7777
240-965-5645
301-864-3161
410-730-5571
443-583-7715
410-309-6172
410-715-7500
301-729-0430
410-968-1368
301-759-3303
301-722-4071
301-722-1038
301-253-4777
410-820-7972
301-947-4205
410-282-2222
301-855-7561
410-822-2725
410-819-3116
410-795-8302
410-379-0018
410-398-8812
410-465-9487
410-480-9544
301-447-3663
410-877-3108
410-754-3333
301-839-9211
301-736-2884

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
MARY HOPKINS NAVIES
NAJMUSSAHAR ANDERABI ESTATE
BRYAN CLEGHORN
BRYAN CLEGHORN
SYED G HASAN ANDERABI
SYED G HASAN ANDERABI
JAVAD HONARMAND
CARLOS R MATEOS
MARY HOPKINS NAVIES
SCOTT D RARDIN
NAJMUSSAHAR ANDERABI ESTATE
BRYAN CLEGHORN
SYED G HASAN ANDERABI
JAVAD HONARMAND
JAVAD HONARMAND
RAMESH TAKATA
DANITRA BELL
BRYAN CLEGHORN
BRYAN CLEGHORN
ANA TAKATA
ANA TAKATA
KEITH ZOLMAN
KEITH ZOLMAN
KEITH ZOLMAN
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
GERALD FAIR
SYED G HASAN ANDERABI
SYED G HASAN ANDERABI
SYED G HASAN ANDERABI
CARLOS R MATEOS
CARLOS R MATEOS
CARLOS R MATEOS
CARLOS R MATEOS
CARLOS R MATEOS
SCOTT D RARDIN
SCOTT D RARDIN
LUIS E GAVIGNANO
MARK W FURR
DAVID W RARDIN
BRYAN CLEGHORN
DANITRA BELL
SCOTT D RARDIN
ANNE H BLAND
LUIS C MATEOS
CARLOS R MATEOS
ISAAC D GREEN
MARY HOPKINS NAVIES
LUIS E GAVIGNANO
LUIS C MATEOS
DAVID W RARDIN
DAVID W RARDIN
DAVID W RARDIN
SCOTT D RARDIN
SCOTT D RARDIN
GERALD FAIR
ISAAC D GREEN
ISAAC D GREEN
CHRISTOPHER MONTANTE
CHRISTOPHER MONTANTE
SCOTT D RARDIN
CHARLENE FAIR
JAVAD HONARMAND
SCOTT D RARDIN
SCOTT D RARDIN
SCOTT D RARDIN
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
DANITRA BELL
SCOTT D RARDIN
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
LUIS E GAVIGNANO
LUIS E GAVIGNANO
SCOTT D RARDIN
KEITH ZOLMAN
KEITH ZOLMAN
KEITH ZOLMAN
SCOTT D RARDIN
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
BRYAN CLEGHORN
KENNETH FOSTER, III
CHARLENE FAIR
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
SCOTT D RARDIN
LUIS E GAVIGNANO
KENNETH FOSTER, III
JAVAD HONARMAND
ASHLEY WELBURN

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
996 E SWAN CREEK, FORT WASHINGTON, MD 20744
2411 OSPREY WAY, FREDERICK, MD 21701
2020 YELLOW SPRING RD, FREDERICK, MD 21702
77 MONOCACY BLVD, FREDERICK, MD 21701
1275 W PATRICK ST, FREDERICK, MD 21702
1501 GARRET DR, FREDERICK, MD 21702
7403 GROVE RD, FREDERICK, MD 21704
17700 NATIONAL HWY, FROSTBURG, MD 21532
7100 ALLENTOWN ROAD, FT WASHINGTON, MD 20744
8191 WESTSIDE BLVD, FULTON, MD 20759
18273 FLOWER HILL WAY, GAITHERSBURG, MD 20879
19230 WOODFIELD RD, GAITHERSBURG, MD 20879
9100 ROTHBURY DR, GAITHERSBURG, MD 20886
83 BUREAU DR, GAITHERSBURG, MD 20878
666 QUINCE ORCHARD RD, GAITHERSBURG, MD 20878
465 N FREDRICK, GAITHERSBURG, MD 20877
881 MD RT 3, GAMBRILLS, MD 21054
18000 MATENY RD, GERMANTOWN, MD 20874
12982 MIDDLEBROOK RD, GERMANTOWN, MD 20874
19660 GUNNERS BRANCH RD, GERMANTOWN, MD 20876
21121 FREDERICK ROAD, GERMANTOWN, MD 20876
7415 GOVERNOR RITCHIE HWY, GLEN BURNIE, MD 21061
569 ORDNANCE RD, GLEN BURNIE, MD 21060
7379 BALTIMORE ANNAPOLIS RD, GLEN BURNIE, MD 21061
4098 NATIONMAL PIKE, GRANTSVILLE, MD 21536
21600 GREAT MILLS ROAD, GREAT MILLS, MD 20653
1729 MASSEY BLVD, HAGERSTOWN, MD 21740
17601 GARLAND GROH BLVD, HAGERSTOWN, MD 21740
16921 HALFWAY BLVD, HAGERSTOWN, MD 21740
316 E WASHINGTON ST, HAGERSTOWN, MD 21740
10525 SHARPSBURG PIKE, HAGERSTOWN, MD 21740
18411 MAUGANS AVE, HAGERSTOWN, MD 21742
1737 DUAL HWY, HAGERSTOWN, MD 21740
170 NORTHERN AVENUE, HAGERSTOWN, MD 21742
4225 NORTHWOODS TRL, HAMPSTEAD, MD 21074
7053 ARUNDEL MILLS BLVD, HANOVER, MD 21076
3501 BRANCH AVE, HILLCREST HEIGHTS, MD 20748
11310 YORK RD, HUNT VALLEY, MD 21031
3500 EAST WEST HWY (PRINCE GEORGE'S), HYATTSVILLE, MD 20782
10160 STICKLEBACK STREET, IJAMSVILLE, MD 21754
8700 WASHINGTON BLVD, JESSUP, MD 20794
7878 POCOMOKE AVE, JESSUP, MD 20794
2741 UNIVERSITY BLVD, KENSINGTON, MD 20895-1914
6385 CRAIN HIGHWAY, LA PLATA, MD 20646-4209
1242 NATIONAL HWY, LA VALE, MD 21502
7708 LANDOVER RD, LANDOVER, MD 20785
8710 CENTRAL AVE, LANDOVER, MD 20785
6200 ANNAPOLIS RD, LANDOVER HILLS, MD 20784
109 DRURY DRIVE, LAPLATA, MD 20646
14810 BALTIMORE AVE, LAUREL, MD 20707-4856
10001 WASHINGTON BOULEVARD, LAUREL, MD 20723
13210 LAUREL-BOWIE ROAD, LAUREL, MD 20708
3549 RUSSETT GREEN E (WM #1985), LAUREL, MD 20724
3382 LAUREL FORT MEADE RD, LAUREL, MD 20707
40950 MERCHANTS LN, LEONARDTOWN, MD 20650
BALTIMORE/WASHINGTON AIRPT - BWI CONC AB, LINTHICUM, MD 21240
BALTIMORE/WASHINGTON AIRPT - BWI CONC D, LINTHICUM, MD 21240
717 NURSERY RD, LINTHICUM, MD 21090
778 A ELKRIDGE LANDING RD, LINTHICUM HEIGHTS, MD 21090
1472 MARTIN BLVD, MIDDLE RIVER, MD 21220
12168 CENTRAL AVE, MITCHELLVILLE, MD 20721
9615 MYERSVILLE-MIDDLETOWN RD, MYERSVILLE, MD 21773
11700 MORNING GATE LN, NEW MARKET, MD 21774
8483 CORDON WAY, NOTTINGHAM, MD 21162
5302 CAMPBELL BLVD, NOTTINGHAM, MD 21236
19 N 3RD ST, OAKLAND, MD 21550
19549 GARRETT HWY, OAKLAND, MD 21550
3201 COASTAL HWY, OCEAN CITY, MD 21842
12301 COASTAL HWY, OCEAN CITY, MD 21842
11041 RACETRACK RD, OCEAN PINES, MD 21811
1136 ANNAPOLIS RD, ODENTON, MD 21113
9774 GROFFS MILL DR, OWINGS MILLS, MD 21117
121 NORTH COVE TERRACE, OXON HILL, MD 20745
6126 OXON HILL RD, OXON HILL, MD 20745
5500 SAINT BARNABAS RD, OXON HILL, MD 20745
7927 BELAIR ROAD, PARKVILLE, MD 21236
8490 FORT SMALLWOOD RD, PASADENA, MD 21122
45 MAGOTHY BEACH RD, PASADENA, MD 21122
350 MOUNTAIN RD, PASADENA, MD 21122
9106 BELAIR RD, PERRY HALL, MD 21128
601 LINDEN AVE, POCOMOKE, MD 21851
19630 FISHER AVE, POOLESVILLE, MD 20837
11301 SEVEN LOCKS RD (CABIN JOHN VLG), POTOMAC, MD 20854
515 N SOLOMONS ISLAND RD, PRINCE FREDERICK, MD 20678
12112 BRITTINGHAM LN, PRINCESS ANNE, MD 21853
9500 LIBERTY RD, RANDALLSTOWN, MD 21133
6228 BALTIMORE BLVD, RIVERDALE, MD 20737
2101 VIERS MILL RD, ROCKVILLE, MD 20851
16701 CRABBS BRANCH WAY, ROCKVILLE, MD 20855
298 TILGHMAN RD, SALISBURY, MD 21801

63

TELEPHONE
301-203-9703
301-662-1972
301-682-6233
301-694-6155
240-418-3276
301-663-6036
301-694-0333
301-689-5099
301-449-1998
301-776-2124
301-740-1813
301-330-9438
301-208-0257
301-948-5567
301-948-1189
240-631-2380
443-292-8420
301-916-1957
301-528-0101
301-353-0443
301-916-4293
410-760-6160
410-768-6350
410-761-7617
301-746-6027
301-737-2385
301-790-1115
301-745-6656
301-582-5070
301-797-3800
301-739-9400
301-797-0011
301-665-9375
301-790-2393
443-507-6666
443-755-8910
240-493-4207
410-527-1393
301-559-7985
301-944-4616
301-604-2296
410-799-7750
301-942-2412
301-934-3600
301-729-6679
240-714-5476
301-336-2787
301-322-2650
301-934-6851
240-636-5095
301-494-4087
301-953-2175
301-776-7980
301-490-7532
301-475-7944
410-684-2149
410-684-2149
410-636-1887
410-859-8983
410-687-5522
301-390-3768
301-293-3535
301-865-6432
410-931-9321
410-931-1504
301-334-3302
301-387-2574
410-723-4248
410-250-5454
410-641-5230
410-674-8001
410-654-8760
301-567-1271
301-839-1070
240-766-2991
410-663-4804
410-437-4455
410-437-7766
410-437-3015
410-256-6555
410-957-2777
301-349-5920
301-765-9701
410-535-2246
410-651-9595
443-405-7351
301-277-6370
301-738-7752
301-527-9113
410-341-6683

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
ASHLEY WELBURN
ASHLEY WELBURN
ASHLEY WELBURN
ISAAC D GREEN
MARK W FURR
MARK W FURR
ENOCK ADEWUYI
ENOCK ADEWUYI
CHARLENE FAIR
GERALD FAIR
JOSEPH E MONTOYA
JOSEPH E MONTOYA
ANNE H BLAND
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
GERALD FAIR
MICHAEL A MEOLI
ISAAC D GREEN
MARY HOPKINS NAVIES
LUIS E GAVIGNANO
SCOTT D RARDIN
SCOTT D RARDIN
MARK W FURR
MARK W FURR
LUIS C MATEOS
LUIS C MATEOS
SCOTT D RARDIN
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
SCOTT D RARDIN
KENNETH FOSTER, III
MICHAEL T BLAND
SYED G HASAN ANDERABI
TAYLOR A GOBLE
TAYLOR A GOBLE
RONALD LYDICK
RONALD LYDICK
GARY M ECKMANN
GARY M ECKMANN
RONALD LYDICK
RONALD LYDICK
TAYLOR A GOBLE
SALVATORE P NAPOLI
RONALD LYDICK
GARY M ECKMANN
JAMES H NYGREN
TAYLOR A GOBLE
RONALD LYDICK
SALVATORE P NAPOLI
PETER NAPOLI
SALVATORE P NAPOLI
RONALD LYDICK
RONALD LYDICK
SALVATORE P NAPOLI
RONALD LYDICK
PETER NAPOLI
PETER NAPOLI
RONALD LYDICK
RONALD LYDICK
RONALD LYDICK
PETER NAPOLI
PETER NAPOLI
RONALD LYDICK
PETER NAPOLI
TAYLOR A GOBLE
PETER NAPOLI
TAYLOR A GOBLE
SALVATORE P NAPOLI
RONALD LYDICK
RONALD LYDICK
SALVATORE P NAPOLI
RONALD LYDICK
RONALD LYDICK
SCOTT M LYDICK
SALVATORE P NAPOLI
RONALD LYDICK
PETER NAPOLI
RONALD LYDICK
TAYLOR A GOBLE
TAYLOR A GOBLE
RONALD LYDICK
RONALD LYDICK
PETER NAPOLI
JAMES H NYGREN
JAMES H NYGREN
RONALD LYDICK
TAYLOR A GOBLE
RONALD LYDICK
RONALD LYDICK
TAYLOR A GOBLE
TAYLOR A GOBLE
TAYLOR A GOBLE

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
2709 N SALISBURY BLVD, SALISBURY, MD 21801
1205 PARSONS RD, SALISBURY, MD 21801
407 N FRUITLAND BLVD, SALISBURY, MD 21801
6131 MARTIN LUTHER KING JR HWY, SEAT PLEASANT, MD 20743
502 BALTIMORE ANNAPOLIS HWY, SEVERNA PARK, MD 21146
541 RITCHIE HWY, SEVERNA PARK, MD 21146
11146 NEW HAMPSHIRE AVE, SILVER SPRING, MD 20904
13800 OUTLET DR, SILVER SPRING, MD 20904
8407 COLESVILLE RD, SILVER SPRING, MD 20910
106 W UNIVERSITY BLVD, SILVER SPRING, MD 20901
2207 BEL PRE RD, SILVER SPRING, MD 20906
13701 CONNECTICUIT AVE, SILVER SPRING, MD 20906
504 E RANDOLPH RD, SILVER SPRING, MD 20904
5616 MARKET ST, SNOW HILL, MD 21863
13500 HG TRUEMAN ROAD, SOLOMONS, MD 20688
410 THOMPSON CREEK MALL, STEVENSVILLE, MD 21666
4835 SILVERHILL RD, SUITLAND, MD 20746
4777 ALLENTOWN ROAD SE, SUITLAND, MD 20746
6301 NEW HAMPSHIRE AVE, TAKOMA PARK, MD 20912
520 E BALTIMORE ST, TANEYTOWN, MD 21787
200 FREDERICK ROAD, THURMONT, MD 21788
2116 YORK RD, TIMONIUM, MD 21093
1619 E JOPPA RD, TOWSON, MD 21286
3000 CRAIN HWY, WALDORF, MD 20601
2065 CRAIN HIGHWAY, WALDORF, MD 20601
20 E FREDERICK ST, WALKERSVILLE, MD 21793
182 CHURCH ST, WESTERNPORT, MD 21562
520 BALTIMORE BLVD, WESTMINSTER, MD 21157
11160 VEIRS MILL RD (WHEATON MALL), WHEATON, MD 20895
12135 VIERS MILL RD, WHEATON, MD 20906
313 EAST POTOMAC STREET, WILLIAMSPORT, MD 21795-1203
138 CENTER ST, AUBURN, ME 04210
828 MINOT AVE, AUBURN, ME 04210
209 WESTERN AVE, AUGUSTA, ME 04330
85 BANGOR ST, AUGUSTA, ME 04330
1105 UNION ST, BANGOR, ME 04401
441 MAIN ST, BANGOR, ME 04401
632 BROADWAY, BANGOR, ME 04401
665 HOGAN RD, BANGOR, ME 04401
2 CHANDLER DR, BATH, ME 04530
282 MAIN ST, BELFAST, ME 04915
388 ELM ST, BIDDEFORD, ME 04005
525 WILSON ST, BREWER, ME 04412
5 LUMBERYARD DRIVE, BRIDGTON, ME 04009
11 GURNET RD, BRUNSWICK, ME 04011
154 PLEASANT ST, BRUNSWICK, ME 04011
141 US ROUTE 1, BUCKSPORT, ME 04416
191 NORTH ST, CALAIS, ME 04619
127 BENNETT DRIVE, CARIBOU, ME 04736
485 MAIN STREET RTE 1, DAMARISCOTTA, ME 04543
1063 W MAIN ST, DOVER FOXCROFT, ME 04426
259 HIGH STREET, ELLSWORTH, ME 04605
227 US HWY 1, FALMOUTH, ME 04105
303 MAIN ST, FARMINGTON, ME 04938
77 E MAIN ST, FORT KENT, ME 04743
11 MALLET DR, FREEPORT, ME 04032
40 BRIDGE ST, GARDINER, ME 04345
8 MAIN ST, GRAY, ME 04039
110 NORTH ST, HOULTON, ME 04730
6 COMMERCIAL WAY, JAY, ME 04239
2 POST OFFICE SQUARE, KENNEBUNK, ME 04043
335 US RTE 1, KITTERY, ME 03904
1035 LISBON STREET, LEWISTON, ME 04240
23 GODING AVE, LINCOLN, ME 04457
580 LISBON STREET, LISBON FALLS, ME 04252
30 DUBLIN STREET, MACHIAS, ME 04654
1 SYCAMORE STREET, MILLINOCKET, ME 04462
9 MOOSEHEAD TRL, NEWPORT, ME 04953
993 STILLWATER AVE, OLD TOWN, ME 04468
1502 MAINE STREET, POLAND, ME 04274
332 SAINT JOHN ST, PORTLAND, ME 04102
1208 FOREST AVE, PORTLAND, ME 04103
656 MAIN ST, PRESQUE ISLE, ME 04769
60 CAMDEN ST, ROCKLAND, ME 04841
1029 ROUTE 2, RUMFORD, ME 04276
524 N MAIN, SACO, ME 04072
1008 MAIN ST, SANFORD, ME 04073
1439 MAIN STREET, SANFORD, ME 04073
221 US HWY 1, SCARBOROUGH, ME 04074
261 MADISON AVE, SKOWHEGAN, ME 04976
118 MAIN ST, SOUTH PARIS, ME 04281
419 GORHAM RD, SOUTH PORTLAND, ME 04106
150 WATERMAN DR, SOUTH PORTLAND, ME 04106
158 NEW COUNTY ROAD, THOMASTON, ME 04861
1 TOPSHAM FAIR MALL, TOPSHAM, ME 04086
336 MAIN ST, WATERVILLE, ME 04901
435 KENNEDY MEMORIAL DR, WATERVILLE, ME 04901
992 POST RD, WELLS, ME 04090
95 MAIN ST, WESTBROOK, ME 04092
790 ROOSEVELT RAIL RTE 302, WINDHAM, ME 04062

64

TELEPHONE
410-677-3659
410-742-6466
410-742-0262
301-925-4563
410-544-0595
410-544-6606
301-754-0750
301-890-5141
301-588-3386
301-681-0772
301-871-1783
240-242-3328
301-384-1400
410-632-5460
410-326-2435
410-643-9025
301-735-1683
301-735-1641
301-891-6869
410-756-1326
301-271-3003
410-252-2155
410-821-7593
301-638-9852
240-585-5352
301-898-3514
301-359-9165
410-848-3741
301-962-7253
301-949-0786
301-223-9011
207-376-4552
207-333-3338
207-622-2121
207-623-2699
207-262-9777
207-942-5507
207-942-0292
207-942-7567
207-443-4137
207-930-3670
207-282-4650
207-989-6466
207-647-9636
207-729-4416
207-725-0767
207-469-6577
207-454-3131
207-498-2181
207-563-8434
207-564-3631
207-610-1651
207-781-4118
207-778-6213
207-834-7330
207-865-9566
207-582-4830
207-657-6300
207-532-9500
207-897-5624
207-985-8790
207-439-0301
207-783-6538
207-794-6100
207-353-1655
207-255-4510
207-723-4900
207-368-5644
207-827-7593
207-998-9188
207-761-2817
207-797-4820
207-764-1383
207-594-2311
207-369-9025
207-282-4247
207-324-2177
207-490-4488
207-883-4840
207-474-8675
207-743-7454
207-761-2819
207-799-5840
207-596-7800
207-729-5010
207-872-8212
207-873-6366
207-646-5875
207-854-1224
207-892-3860

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
RONALD LYDICK
TAYLOR A GOBLE
KENNETH J BERG
MICHAEL B BODMAN
MICHAEL B BODMAN
LAURA L MAYNARD
DIETER SCHULZ
STEVEN HOGWOOD
NEEL CHAPATWALA
JEFFREY STANTON
RYAN REARDON
SHAWN SAPUTO
MICHAEL J MLINARCIK JR
TERRI MARIE BEEBE
TERRI MARIE BEEBE
TERRI MARIE BEEBE
SCOTT JAMES KARNS
MONIQUE C VANN
MONIQUE C VANN
MONIQUE C VANN
MONIQUE C VANN
MONIQUE C VANN
TRISH M HOLLINGSWORTH
GANI BARDHA
OVIJIT DATTA
JESSICA SAPUTO
JESSICA SAPUTO
JAMES A LUTH
SAMUEL M LUBEZNIK
KEITH A BERG
KEITH A BERG
KENNETH J BERG
KENNETH J BERG
MICHAEL P MAYNARD
MICHAEL P MAYNARD
MICHAEL P MAYNARD
TRISH M HOLLINGSWORTH
JAMES A LUTH
JAMES A LUTH
LARRY J PETERS JR.
LARRY J PETERS JR.
LARRY J PETERS JR.
LARRY J PETERS JR.
ANDREW RODEWALD
THOMAS R HOLKA JR.
JEFFREY STANTON
SAMUEL M LUBEZNIK
JEREMY POIRIER
JAY OKAYAMA
MICHAEL R RODEWALD
ANTHONY J D'ANNA, JR.
JEFFREY STANTON
OVIJIT DATTA
THOMAS J HOLKA
SHAWN SAPUTO
ESTEPHAN AWAD
MICHAEL P MAYNARD
STEVEN HOGWOOD
NEEL CHAPATWALA
NEEL CHAPATWALA
JAY OKAYAMA
ROBERT L SPANGLER
ROBERT L SPANGLER
ROBERT L SPANGLER
CARL E WISEMAN
LORI LYNN SCHULZ
MATTHEW A SCHULZ
KEITH A BERG
NEEL CHAPATWALA
GANI BARDHA
TRISH M HOLLINGSWORTH
ANDREW RODEWALD
JAMES A LUTH
JAY OKAYAMA
CYNTHIA VILLAIRE
CHRISTOPHER J DRAVES
CYNTHIA VILLAIRE
ANTHONY J D'ANNA, JR.
DIETER SCHULZ
ROY SANCHEZ
LARRY J PETERS JR.
JESSICA SAPUTO
JESSICA SAPUTO
YUSEF ALCODRAY
JOHN A KOSTECKI
MICHAEL J MLINARCIK JR
MICHAEL J MLINARCIK JR
DIETER SCHULZ
MICHAEL P MAYNARD
SAMUEL M LUBEZNIK

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
9 CHINA RD, WINSLOW, ME 04901
695 BATH ROAD, WISCASSET, ME 04578
7100 FULTON ST, ADA, MI 49301
1235 N MAIN ST, ADRIAN, MI 49221-1722
1080 EAST US HIGHWAY 223, ADRIAN, MI 49221
1507 N EATON ST, ALBION, MI 49224-9462
700 POINT TREMBLE RD, ALGONAC, MI 48001-1610
889 MARSHALL STREET, ALLEGAN, MI 49010-1650
15405 SOUTHFIELD RD, ALLEN PARK, MI 48101
10945 ALLEN ROAD, ALLEN PARK, MI 48101-1141
5371 LAKE MICHIGAN DR, ALLENDALE, MI 49401
1625 WRIGHT AVE, ALMA, MI 48801-1021
894 N VAN DYKE, ALMONT, MI 48003
1115 W CHISHOLM, ALPENA, MI 49707-1617
2241 US 23 S BAY, ALPENA, MI 49707
1424 M 32 WEST, ALPENA, MI 49707
373 NORTH ZEEB ROAD, ANN ARBOR, MI 48103
4775 WASHTENAW BLVD, ANN ARBOR, MI 48108
2310 W STADIUM BLVD, ANN ARBOR, MI 48103
2675 PLYMOUTH, ANN ARBOR, MI 48105
3001 LOHR RD, ANN ARBOR, MI 48108
3325 WASHTENAW, ANN ARBOR, MI 48104
4885 GARFIELD ROAD, AUBURN, MI 48611-9421
3950 BALDWIN RD, AUBURN HILLS, MI 48326
1481 OPDYKE RD, AUBURN HILLS, MI 48321-4887
3420 E WALTON, AUBURN HILLS, MI 48321-4080
4435 LAPEER ROAD, AUBURN HILLS, MI 48326
871 N VAN DYKE, BAD AXE, MI 48413
21 W MONROE, BANGOR, MI 49013
1695 MICHIGAN AVE, BATTLE CREEK, MI 49017
15901 11 MILE ROAD, BATTLE CREEK, MI 49014
1085 CAPITAL AVE NE, BATTLE CREEK, MI 49015
1160 E MICHIGAN AVE, BATTLE CREEK, MI 49014
812 W COLUMBIA, BATTLE CREEK, MI 49015-3030
2593 CAPITAL AVE SW, BATTLE CREEK, MI 49015-4160
6079 B DR N, BATTLE CREEK, MI 49057
5111 MCKINAW ROAD, BAY CITY, MI 48706
3840 E WILDER RD, BAY CITY, MI 48706-2146
510 NORTH TUSCOLA ROAD, BAY CITY, MI 48708
918 N EUCLID AVE, BAY CITY, MI 48706
901 S EUCLID, BAY CITY, MI 48706
6325 W SIDE SAGINAW ROAD, BAY CITY, MI 48706-9385
314 WASHINGTON AVE, BAY CITY, MI 48708
1125 W STATE RD, BELDING, MI 48809
116 S DIVISION, BELLAIRE, MI 49615
2193 RAWSONVILLE RD, BELLEVILLE, MI 48111
2020 PIPESTONE RD, BENTON HARBOR, MI 49022
1654 BENZIE HWY, BENZONIA, MI 49616
575 SAINT JOSEPH RD, BERRIEN SPRINGS, MI 49103
1020 S STATE ST, BIG RAPIDS, MI 49307-2254
8715 MAIN ST, BIRCH RUN, MI 48415-9700
511 E ADRIAN ST, BLISSFIELD, MI 49228
2209 S TELEGRAPH, BLOOMFIELD HILLS, MI 48302-0258
1112 BOYNE AVENUE, BOYNE CITY, MI 49712
6331 DIXIE HWY, BRIDGEPORT, MI 48722-9566
10280 RED ARROW HWY, BRIDGMAN, MI 49106
708 EAST CHICAGO STREET, BRONSON, MI 49028
306 S MAIN ST, BROOKLYN, MI 49230-9307
20815 GIBRALTAR RD, BROWNSTOWN, MI 48183-5086
19051 TELEGRAPH ROAD, BROWNSTOWN TWP, MI 48174
813 FRONT ST, BUCHANAN, MI 49107
G3391 S SAGINAW ST, BURTON, MI 48529-1244
5375 E COURT ST, BURTON, MI 48509
2445 CENTER RD, BURTON, MI 48519
2626 84TH ST SW, BYRON CENTER, MI 49315
6231 M 115, CADILLAC, MI 49601
8560 E 34 ROAD, CADILLAC, MI 49601
9383 CHERRY VALLEY AVENUE SOUTHEAST, CALEDONIA, MI 49316
40241 MICHIGAN AVE, CANTON TOWNSHIP, MI 48188
3189 CAPAC RD, CAPAC, MI 48014
740 S STATE ST, CARO, MI 48723-1735
615 W MAIN ST, CARSON CITY, MI 48811
6180 CASS CITY RD, CASS, MI 48726
717 E STATE ST, CASSOPOLIS, MI 49031
1440 BRIDGE ST, CHARLEVOIX, MI 49720
207 LANSING ST, CHARLOTTE, MI 48813-1605
1020 S MAIN ST, CHEBOYGAN, MI 49721-2273
12943 BRADY ROAD, CHESANING, MI 48616-9561
28320 23 MILE ROAD, CHESTERFIELD, MI 48051-2320
10295 S CLARE AVE, CLARE, MI 48617-9733
9631 DIXIE HWY, CLARKSTON, MI 48348
6695 DIXIE HWY, CLARKSTON, MI 48346-2918
5625 SASHABAW RD, CLARKSTON, MI 48346-3149
1617 S GRATIOT, CLINTON TOWNSHIP, MI 48043
35025 HARPER AVENUE, CLINTON TOWNSHIP, MI 48035
35243 GROESBECK HWY, CLINTON TOWNSHIP, MI 48035
15855 15 MILE RD, CLINTON TOWNSHIP, MI 48035
22050 HALL RD, CLINTON TOWNSHIP, MI 48038
381 E CHICAGO ST, COLDWATER, MI 49036-2044
150 EAST RYNO ROAD, COLOMA, MI 49038-9720

65

TELEPHONE
207-873-6400
207-882-7155
616-920-7783
517-263-5121
517-265-1520
517-629-2092
810-794-0890
269-512-7277
313-388-8200
313-386-9401
616-895-4003
989-463-9166
810-798-2124
989-354-5522
989-354-5378
989-358-9255
734-994-6214
734-434-0434
734-761-9087
734-662-9343
734-995-9356
734-975-0466
989-662-2431
248-335-9160
248-373-3227
248-475-1806
248-340-1735
989-269-9331
269-427-8082
269-964-2486
269-965-3352
269-965-4226
269-965-2101
269-964-2578
269-965-1141
269-979-8515
989-684-1214
989-684-2851
989-892-2040
989-684-3626
989-686-4050
989-684-4517
989-895-5500
616-794-0004
231-533-8846
734-485-7550
269-926-7600
231-882-4918
269-815-5037
231-796-3655
989-624-5144
517-486-4177
248-338-8482
231-582-2223
989-777-0582
269-266-7392
517-369-5121
517-592-6134
734-675-6718
734-479-2077
269-409-8031
810-743-1120
810-742-2163
810-742-8529
616-878-5359
231-779-1775
231-775-2311
616-891-9892
734-326-5161
810-395-9399
989-673-6628
989-584-3238
989-872-4841
269-445-5505
231-547-5710
517-543-0466
231-627-2251
989-845-2882
586-949-4844
989-418-4710
248-625-0327
248-625-8500
248-625-8600
586-468-8822
586-791-6680
586-792-7930
586-792-2389
586-468-3889
517-278-7171
269-468-3241

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
JON M CAMPBELL, SR.
KENNETH J BERG
RYAN REARDON
LORI LYNN SCHULZ
BRIAN DICKENDESHER
EKREM BARDHA
ROBERT L SPANGLER
ANTOINE EVANS
YUSEF ALCODRAY
YUSEF ALCODRAY
YUSEF ALCODRAY
VERA BARDHA
JON M CAMPBELL, SR.
YUSEF ALCODRAY
YUSEF ALCODRAY
YUSEF ALCODRAY
YUSEF ALCODRAY
NEEL CHAPATWALA
NEEL CHAPATWALA
NEEL CHAPATWALA
NEEL CHAPATWALA
NEEL CHAPATWALA
NEEL CHAPATWALA
VASANT G CHAPATWALA
JOHN A KOSTECKI
MAURENE SMITH
MAURENE SMITH
BRIAN TEMPLE
BRIAN TEMPLE
BRIAN TEMPLE
BRIAN TEMPLE
BRIAN TEMPLE
BRIAN TEMPLE
EST OF JAMES THROWER, II
HEATHER R EVERSON
SCOTT JAMES KARNS
JAY OKAYAMA
JEFFREY STANTON
TRAVIS VAN POPPELEN
THOMAS J HOLKA
SHAWN SAPUTO
YUSEF ALCODRAY
HEATHER R EVERSON
MICHAEL R RODEWALD
JAY OKAYAMA
TIMOTHY WILSON
JAMES A LUTH
MATTHEW A SCHULZ
JON M CAMPBELL, SR.
TERESA HERNALSTEEN
LARRY J PETERS JR.
F. MARK PFAU
JOHN A KOSTECKI
JEFFREY STANTON
SAMUEL J COX
LARRY J PETERS JR.
ROBERT L SPANGLER
ROBERT L SPANGLER
ROBERT L SPANGLER
ROBERT L SPANGLER
ROBERT L SPANGLER
ROBERT L SPANGLER
ROBERT L SPANGLER
ROBERT L SPANGLER
ERIKA SCHULZ-ROGERS
MOLLY PFAU CORNACCHINI
ANTHONY J D'ANNA, JR.
LARRY J PETERS JR.
MATTHEW A SCHULZ
RYAN REARDON
JON M CAMPBELL, SR.
LORI LYNN SCHULZ
CYNTHIA VILLAIRE
TIMOTHY WILSON
LORI LYNN SCHULZ
LARRY J PETERS JR.
LARRY J PETERS JR.
LARRY J PETERS JR.
RYAN REARDON
JON M CAMPBELL, SR.
CHRISTOPHER J DRAVES
KENNETH J BERG
RYAN REARDON
RYAN REARDON
RYAN REARDON
LORI LYNN SCHULZ
CARL E WISEMAN
CARL E WISEMAN
LORI LYNN SCHULZ
ANDREW RODEWALD

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
8300 RICHARDSON RD, COMMERCE TOWNSHIP, MI 48382
4133 W RIVER DR, COMSTOCK PARK, MI 49321-8924
3917 ALPINE AVE NW, COMSTOCK PARK, MI 49321
59 68TH STREET, COOPERSVILLE, MI 49404
174 S HOWARD, CROSWELL, MI 48422
1110 SOUTH STATE ROAD, DAVISON, MI 48423-1906
7518 LAPEER RD, DAVISON, MI 48423
25341 MICHIGAN AVE AT GULLEY, DEARBORN, MI 48124
7300 WYOMING RD, DEARBORN, MI 48126-1623
14860 MICHIGAN AVE, DEARBORN, MI 48126-3445
13158 FORD RD, DEARBORN, MI 48126-3325
4145 S TELEGRAPH RD, DEARBORN HEIGHTS, MI 48125
6412 N TELEGRAPH RD, DEARBORN HEIGHTS, MI 48127-2204
8825 E JEFFERSON, DETROIT, MI 48214-2811
10400 GRATIOT AVENUE, DETROIT, MI 48218
14271 GRATIOT AVE, DETROIT, MI 48205-2425
18201 MACK AVENUE, DETROIT, MI 48224
18403 GRAND RIVER RD, DETROIT, MI 48223-2316
20405 CONANT AVENUE, DETROIT, MI 48234-1230
6003 WEST VERNOR HIGHWAY, DETROIT, MI 48209-2059
15550 W MCNICHOLS, DETROIT, MI 48235-3762
13676 GRAND RIVER AVENUE, DETROIT, MI 48227
22021 WEST 8 MILE ROAD, DETROIT, MI 48219
15501 PLYMOUTH, DETROIT, MI 48227-1617
1321 W 8 MILE RD, DETROIT, MI 48220
6876 MICHIGAN AVE, DETROIT, MI 48210-2870
18137 JOY RD, DETROIT, MI 48228
2889 W GRAND BLVD, DETROIT, MI 48202-2611
17121 LIVERNOIS AVENUE, DETROIT, MI 48221
1000 MACK AVE, DETROIT, MI 48207-2000
9815 GRAND RIVER AVENUE, DETROIT, MI 48204
19840 VAN DYKE, DETROIT, MI 48234
4235 WOODWARD AVENUE, DETROIT, MI 48201
1101 SPRINGWELLS, DETROIT, MI 48209-1928
13230 S US 27, DEWITT, MI 48820-9325
101 BAKER RD, DEXTER, MI 48130
652 SPRUCE ST, DOWAGIAC, MI 49047
542 TECUMSEH ST, DUNDEE, MI 48131-1054
8760 LANSING RD, DURAND, MI 48429
120 SOUTH LAKE STREET, EAST JORDAN, MI 49727
1024 E GRAND RIVER RD, EAST LANSING, MI 48823-4542
17921 E 9 MILE RD, EASTPOINTE, MI 48021
9134 SPICERVILLE HWY, EATON RAPIDS, MI 48827-8907
807 MAIN ST, EDMORE, MI 48829
68889 M 62, EDWARDSBURG, MI 49112
503 N LINCOLN RD, ESCANABA, MI 49829-1424
1495 CENTER RD, ESSEXVILLE, MI 48732
821 W 7TH ST, EVART, MI 49631
31325 ORCHARD LAKE RD, FARMINGTON HILLS, MI 48334
35242 GRAND RIVER AVE, FARMINGTON HILLS, MI 48335
3285 WEST THOMPSON, FENTON, MI 48430
3216 OWEN ROAD, FENTON, MI 48430-1758
22525 WOODWARD AVE, FERNDALE, MI 48220
27255 TELEGRAPH RD, FLAT ROCK, MI 48134-1010
3060 MILLER RD, FLINT, MI 48507-1354
6015 HILL 23 DRIVE, FLINT, MI 48507-3894
3212 CLIO RD, FLINT, MI 48504-7161
3719 DAVISON ROAD EAST, FLINT, MI 48506-4205
4131 W PIERSON RD, FLINT, MI 48504-1334
1831 S DORT HWY, FLINT, MI 48504
1510 STEWART, FLINT, MI 48505-3600
1232 N BALLENGER HWY, FLINT, MI 48504
3180 N GENESEE RD, FLINT, MI 48506
6460 W PIERSON ROAD, FLUSHING, MI 48433-2345
4155 24TH AVE, FORT GRATIOT, MI 48059
945 S GRAND AVE, FOWLERVILLE, MI 48836-9530
478 N MAIN ST, FRANKENMUTH, MI 48734
7374 MIDLAND RD, FREELAND, MI 48623-8803
1348 W MAIN ST, FREMONT, MI 49412-1465
6564 AIRLINE RD, FRUITPORT, MI 49415
2205 MIDDLEBELT RD, GARDEN CITY, MI 48135-2814
716 W MAIN ST, GAYLORD, MI 49735-1821
7370 GENESEE ST, GENESEE, MI 48437
2010 LAKE SHORE DR, GLADSTONE, MI 49837-1252
1107 CEDAR ST, GLADWIN, MI 48624-1815
12237 S SAGINAW, GRAND BLANC, MI 48439-1469
9293 HOLLY RD, GRAND BLANC, MI 48439
2330 W GRAND BLANC RD, GRAND BLANC, MI 48507
1617 S BEACON BLVD, GRAND HAVEN, MI 49417-2613
10945 W GRAND RIVER AVE, GRAND LEDGE, MI 48837
712 E SAGINAW HWY, GRAND LEDGE, MI 48837
5353 NORTHLAND DR, GRAND RAPIDS, MI 49505-1043
1130 W FULTON ST, GRAND RAPIDS, MI 49504-6117
1240 S DIVISION, GRAND RAPIDS, MI 49508
1100 W LEONARD, GRAND RAPIDS, MI 49504
415 28TH ST SE, GRAND RAPIDS, MI 49548
6095 KALAMAZOO ST, GRAND RAPIDS, MI 49508-7017
2980 44TH STREET, GRANDVILLE, MI 49418
2236 GRAYLING RD, GRAYLING, MI 49738-2003
906 N LAFAYETTE, GREENVILLE, MI 48838-1130

66

TELEPHONE
248-363-4241
616-784-7735
616-785-8449
616-837-9549
810-679-0042
810-653-9488
810-658-0245
313-359-9488
313-931-2915
313-582-2614
313-581-5680
313-563-2262
313-278-8228
313-822-6607
313-571-4141
313-521-4212
313-499-1121
313-837-9040
313-368-2660
313-849-3070
313-836-1424
313-739-6784
313-533-3410
313-837-0344
313-366-1034
313-842-2694
313-336-2318
313-871-5821
313-340-9902
313-832-4100
313-491-3960
313-305-4573
313-832-2449
313-989-7428
517-669-1170
734-424-0461
269-782-8700
734-529-2423
989-288-5985
231-536-0303
517-332-6647
586-772-1311
517-663-1200
989-427-8000
269-663-3132
906-789-9435
989-893-9771
231-734-6991
248-855-9113
248-477-4920
810-714-3183
810-629-3636
248-545-6680
734-782-1106
810-239-8441
810-233-4008
810-239-9211
810-742-5101
810-789-4281
810-239-9550
810-235-3740
810-767-3224
810-736-8872
810-659-7600
810-385-9080
517-223-3802
989-652-3132
989-695-6083
231-924-4790
231-865-8449
734-425-3350
989-732-5242
810-640-2749
906-428-2217
989-426-6662
810-694-7460
810-953-1495
810-655-8169
616-846-6666
517-622-1630
517-627-3742
616-361-0313
616-774-0619
616-452-0266
616-454-2888
616-248-3666
616-698-2710
616-534-5675
989-348-2269
616-754-7534

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
ANDREW RODEWALD
YUSEF ALCODRAY
MATTHEW A SCHULZ
YUSEF ALCODRAY
MATTHEW A SCHULZ
JAY OKAYAMA
F. MARK PFAU
BRANDON VAN POPPELEN
KEITH A BERG
JOHN A KOSTECKI
SHAWN SAPUTO
F. MARK PFAU
LAURA L MAYNARD
RYAN REARDON
RYAN REARDON
LORI LYNN SCHULZ
MATTHEW A SCHULZ
MATTHEW A SCHULZ
LARRY J PETERS JR.
HEATHER R EVERSON
BRIAN D WILSON
MATTHEW A SCHULZ
F. MARK PFAU
F. MARK PFAU
JEFFREY STANTON
MICHAEL B BODMAN
RYAN REARDON
GANI BARDHA
CYNTHIA VILLAIRE
KEITH A BERG
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
JAMES T WILSON
SHAWN SAPUTO
STEVEN HOGWOOD
STEVEN HOGWOOD
STEVEN HOGWOOD
STEVEN HOGWOOD
STEVEN HOGWOOD
STEVEN HOGWOOD
STEVEN HOGWOOD
STEVEN HOGWOOD
RYAN REARDON
RYAN REARDON
LAURA L MAYNARD
STEVEN HOGWOOD
STEVEN HOGWOOD
STEVEN HOGWOOD
STEVEN HOGWOOD
STEVEN HOGWOOD
GUADALUPE VELAZQUEZ
GUADALUPE VELAZQUEZ
GUADALUPE VELAZQUEZ
THOMAS R HOLKA JR.
LARRY J PETERS JR.
CARL E WISEMAN
CARL E WISEMAN
LORI LYNN SCHULZ
KEITH A BERG
GANI BARDHA
MICHAEL R RODEWALD
JON M CAMPBELL, SR.
JON M CAMPBELL, SR.
CHRISTOPHER J DRAVES
HEATHER R EVERSON
HEATHER R EVERSON
HEATHER R EVERSON
HEATHER R EVERSON
HEATHER R EVERSON
BRANDON VAN POPPELEN
BRANDON VAN POPPELEN
GANI BARDHA
GANI BARDHA
SCOTT JAMES KARNS
NEEL CHAPATWALA
NEEL CHAPATWALA
NEEL CHAPATWALA
F. MARK PFAU
JON M CAMPBELL, SR.
JON M CAMPBELL, SR.
ARTIE M VANN
KENNETH J BERG
MATTHEW A SCHULZ
MICHAEL J MLINARCIK JR
LAURA PERCIVAL
ANDREW KOSTECKI
LAURA PERCIVAL
LAURA PERCIVAL
THOMAS R HOLKA JR.

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
409 SOUTH MAPLEWOOD, GREENVILLE, MI 48838
17800 EAST 8 MILE ROAD, HARPER WOODS, MI 48225
612 N 1ST ST, HARRISON, MI 48625-8401
25900 CROCKER BOULEVARD, HARRISON TOWNSHIP, MI 48045
4256 W POLK RD, HART, MI 49420
61678 COUNTY ROAD 687, HARTFORD, MI 49057-8678
10600 HIGHLAND RD, HARTLAND, MI 48353-2625
16827 MARSH RD, HASLETT, MI 48840
1215 W STATE ST, HASTINGS, MI 49058-9712
50 W 9 MILE, HAZEL PARK, MI 48030
120 W SAGINAW ST, HEMLOCK, MI 48626
450 N MILFORD RD, HIGHLAND, MI 48357-4540
220 W CARLETON RD, HILLSDALE, MI 49242-5034
1190 WASHINGTON AVE, HOLLAND, MI 49423-5293
762 CABILL DR, HOLLAND, MI 49423
12645 RILEY ST, HOLLAND, MI 49424
657 E 8TH ST, HOLLAND, MI 49423-3064
213 N RIVER AVE, HOLLAND, MI 49424
15187 N HOLLY RD, HOLLY, MI 48442-1140
2400 N CEDAR ST, HOLT, MI 48842-2104
1300 W MEMORIAL DR, HOUGHTON, MI 49931
9307 W LAKE CITY RD, HOUGHTON LAKE, MI 48629
2205 W GRAND RIVER RD, HOWELL, MI 48843
1360 BURKHART RD, HOWELL, MI 48843
3781 E GRAND RIVER, HOWELL, MI 48843
503 S MERIDIAN ST, HUDSON, MI 49247
4596 32ND AVE, HUDSONVILLE, MI 49426-9499
635 SOUTH CEDAR, IMLAY CITY, MI 48444-1343
6153 M68, INDIAN RIVER, MI 49749
2784 SOUTH STATE STREET, IONIA, MI 48846-9475
1140 S STEPHENSON AVE, IRON MOUNTAIN, MI 49801-4038
211 E GENESEE ST, IRON RIVER, MI 49935
337 EAST CLOVERLAND DRIVE, IRONWOOD, MI 49938-1307
840 US HIGHWAY 41 W, ISHPEMING, MI 49849-3181
1352 E CENTER ST, ITHACA, MI 48847-1608
407 W PROSPECT, JACKSON, MI 49203-4008
2601 AIRPORT RD, JACKSON, MI 49202-1237
1105 N WEST AVE, JACKSON, MI 49202-2046
3310 E MICHIGAN AVE, JACKSON, MI 49202-3854
6011 ANN ARBOR RD, JACKSON, MI 49201-8884
1909 W MICHIGAN, JACKSON, MI 49202-4008
3425 LANSING AVE, JACKSON, MI 49201
3536 PAGE AVENUE, JACKSON, MI 49203
160 CHICAGO DR, JENISON, MI 49428-9357
1865 BALDWIN RD, JENISON, MI 49428
115 W CHICAGO ST, JONESVILLE, MI 49250
5530 GULL RD, KALAMAZOO, MI 49001-1017
3320 S WESTNEDGE, KALAMAZOO, MI 49008-2903
3900 SPRINKLE RD, KALAMAZOO, MI 49001
4310 STADIUM DR, KALAMAZOO, MI 49007
224 KALAMAZOO AVE, KALAMAZOO, MI 49007
5394 W MAIN ST, KALAMAZOO, MI 49006
6820 W MAIN, KALAMAZOO, MI 49009
7900 ADOBE RD, KALAMAZOO, MI 49009
640 S CEDAR, KALKASKA, MI 49646-9460
2515 S HURON AVE, KAWKAWLIN, MI 48631
2824 28TH ST SE, KENTWOOD, MI 49508
1700 44TH ST SE, KENTWOOD, MI 49508-5004
32 N MOREY RD, LAKE CITY, MI 49651
1435 E JORDAN LAKE ST, LAKE ODESSA, MI 48849
435 S BROADWAY, LAKE ORION, MI 48362-2744
9150 HOWARD CITY EDMORE RD, LAKEVIEW, MI 48850
4015 W SAGINAW, LANSING, MI 48917-2107
6300 ST JOSEPH HWY, LANSING, MI 48917-3907
7240 W SAGINAW RD, LANSING, MI 48917-1129
4700 S CEDAR ST, LANSING, MI 48910-5470
3135 MARTIN LUTHER KING JR BLVD, LANSING, MI 48910-2939
3220 E SAGINAW RD, LANSING, MI 48912-4714
2530 E JOLLY ROAD, LANSING, MI 48911
2775 EATON RAPIDS RD, LANSING, MI 48911
2120 N LARCH, LANSING, MI 48906-4115
5225 N GRAND RIVER AVE, LANSING, MI 48917
486 S MAIN ST, LAPEER, MI 48446-2427
1217 IMLAY CITY ROAD, LAPEER, MI 48446
4500 N HULL, LESLIE, MI 49251
2106 DIX HWY, LINCOLN PARK, MI 48146-2219
1469 FORT ST, LINCOLN PARK, MI 48146-1800
4180 FORT ST, LINCOLN PARK, MI 48146
603 W BROAD ST, LINDEN, MI 48451
19311 FARMINGTON RD, LIVONIA, MI 48152-1404
11800 MIDDLEBELT RD, LIVONIA, MI 48154
38015 ANN ARBOR RD, LIVONIA, MI 48150-3499
1300 W MAIN ST, LOWELL, MI 49331-1512
5389 W US HWY 10, LUDINGTON, MI 49431
18001 HALL RD, MACOMB, MI 48044
45700 N GRATIOT AVE, MACOMB, MI 48042
32811 STEPHENSON HWY, MADISON HEIGHTS, MI 48071
32797 JOHN R ROAD, MADISON HEIGHTS, MI 48071-4731
29023 JOHN R RD, MADISON HEIGHTS, MI 48071
8497 N US 131, MANCELONA, MI 49659

67

TELEPHONE
616-754-2108
313-521-8246
989-539-1800
586-463-8240
231-873-8786
269-621-1444
810-632-6666
517-339-5150
269-948-8233
248-399-5693
989-642-4473
248-889-9377
517-439-1700
616-392-6977
616-392-9132
616-738-1700
616-392-7628
616-392-6290
248-634-2728
517-694-9431
906-482-3350
989-422-2893
517-545-7777
517-548-5348
517-545-0939
517-448-8440
616-669-1437
810-724-0688
231-238-0216
616-527-1100
906-774-8430
906-265-2222
906-932-4240
906-486-9500
989-875-2961
517-782-9829
517-784-1601
517-782-9841
517-782-9277
517-764-4911
517-782-3311
517-768-7091
517-764-0116
616-457-2070
616-457-5026
517-849-2005
269-342-2048
269-342-0323
269-381-8306
269-372-3028
269-382-3800
269-381-5027
269-353-8599
269-351-2644
231-258-5022
989-671-0113
616-949-7241
616-455-0384
231-839-8145
616-374-6117
248-929-8085
989-352-7899
517-323-3528
517-703-9320
517-323-2228
517-393-8678
517-394-0062
517-332-0548
517-882-4045
517-393-0100
517-371-4266
517-327-5177
810-664-0771
810-667-9234
517-589-8878
313-383-4800
313-928-6830
313-389-3289
810-735-6922
248-478-4691
734-458-3990
734-462-9470
616-897-4141
231-845-6919
586-263-6869
586-949-5528
248-588-7909
248-585-0367
248-414-7642
231-587-5020

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
JEREMY POIRIER
TIMOTHY WILSON
ANTHONY J D'ANNA, JR.
JAMES T WILSON
JAMES T WILSON
JAMES T WILSON
LAURA L MAYNARD
ERIKA SCHULZ-ROGERS
HEATHER R EVERSON
HEATHER R EVERSON
NEEL CHAPATWALA
LAWRENCE C LARSON
CYNTHIA VILLAIRE
TRISH M HOLLINGSWORTH
JAMES A LUTH
JAMES A LUTH
JEFFREY STANTON
F. MARK PFAU
CYNTHIA VILLAIRE
JEFFREY STANTON
JEFFREY STANTON
JEFFREY STANTON
ANTHONY J D'ANNA, JR.
LAURA PERCIVAL
DIETER SCHULZ
ROBERT L SPANGLER
ROBERT L SPANGLER
MICHAEL R RODEWALD
MICHAEL R RODEWALD
MICHAEL R RODEWALD
MICHAEL R RODEWALD
RYAN REARDON
LORI LYNN SCHULZ
LORI LYNN SCHULZ
LORI LYNN SCHULZ
LORI LYNN SCHULZ
LORI LYNN SCHULZ
DIETER SCHULZ
JAY OKAYAMA
ERIKA SCHULZ-ROGERS
F. MARK PFAU
MATTHEW A SCHULZ
TERRI MARIE BEEBE
JAY OKAYAMA
ANTHONY J D'ANNA, JR.
LORI LYNN SCHULZ
TERESA HERNALSTEEN
LORI LYNN SCHULZ
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
JON M CAMPBELL, SR.
SUJIT K DATTA
ARTIE M VANN
SHAWN SAPUTO
TRAVIS VAN POPPELEN
CYNTHIA VILLAIRE
CYNTHIA VILLAIRE
CYNTHIA VILLAIRE
JEFFREY STANTON
TRAVIS VAN POPPELEN
TRAVIS VAN POPPELEN
GANI BARDHA
TRAVIS VAN POPPELEN
CYNTHIA VILLAIRE
CYNTHIA VILLAIRE
JEFFREY STANTON
ANTHONY J D'ANNA, JR.
SUJIT K DATTA
F. MARK PFAU
DIETER SCHULZ
DIETER SCHULZ
STEVEN HOGWOOD
MICHAEL R RODEWALD
CHRISTOPHER J DRAVES
MATTHEW A SCHULZ
LAURA L MAYNARD
ANTOINE EVANS
ANTOINE EVANS
JON M CAMPBELL, SR.
JON M CAMPBELL, SR.
MATTHEW A SCHULZ
STEVEN HOGWOOD
ERIKA SCHULZ-ROGERS
NEEL CHAPATWALA
WILLIAM P SAPUTO, JR.
WILLIAM P SAPUTO, JR.
WILLIAM P SAPUTO, JR.
RYAN REARDON
TERRI MARIE BEEBE
NEEL CHAPATWALA
NEEL CHAPATWALA

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
1630 S US HWY 31, MANISTEE, MI 49660
733 E LAKESHORE DRIVE, MANISTIQUE, MI 49854
3430 MAIN ST, MARLETTE, MI 48453-1239
1105 W WASHINGTON, MARQUETTE, MI 49855-4001
3225 US HIGHWAY 41 W (WM #2079), MARQUETTE, MI 49855
1001 M28 E, MARQUETTE, MI 49855
1260 W MICHIGAN AVE, MARSHALL, MI 49068-1463
1925 GRATIOT AVE, MARYSVILLE, MI 48040-1278
614 KIPP RD, MASON, MI 48854
730 N CEDAR, MASON, MI 48854
4001 OAKWOOD, MELVINDALE, MI 48122
1232 10TH AVE, MENOMINEE, MI 49858-2719
3989 S LAPEER, METAMORA, MI 48455
601 WALDO AVE, MIDLAND, MI 48642
1711 SOUTH SAGINAW RD, MIDLAND, MI 48640-2631
4925 EASTMAN ROAD, MIDLAND, MI 48640-8472
1177 DEXTER STREET, MILAN, MI 48160
120 S MILFORD RD, MILFORD, MI 48381-2741
503 MORENCI AVE, MIO, MI 48647
1001 SOUTH MONROE STREET, MONROE, MI 48161-3930
1180 DIXIE HIGHWAY, MONROE, MI 48161
1533 N TELEGRAPH RD, MONROE, MI 48161-3341
249 E STATE ST, MONTROSE, MI 48457
107 N GROESBECK, MT CLEMENS, MI 48043
24627 N RIVER RD, MT CLEMENS, MI 48043
7252 N SAGINAW RD, MT MORRIS, MI 48458
8010 N DORT HIGHWAY, MT MORRIS, MI 48458
904 E PICKARD AVE, MT PLEASANT, MI 48858
1804 S MISSION, MT PLEASANT, MI 48858
5600 E PICKARD RD, MT PLEASANT, MI 48858
1963 E REMUS RD, MT PLEASANT, MI 48858
1696 STERNBERG ROAD, MUSKEGON, MI 49444
1831 SHERMAN BLVD WEST, MUSKEGON, MI 49441-3428
1491 APPLE AVE, MUSKEGON, MI 49442-3748
1779 E SHERMAN BLVD, MUSKEGON, MI 49444
2237 HOLTON ROAD, MUSKEGON, MI 49445
3586 E APPLE AVE, MUSKEGON, MI 49442
35899 GREEN ST, NEW BALTIMORE, MI 48047-2416
18881 LAPORTE RD, NEW BUFFALO, MI 49117
57065 GRATIOT AVE, NEW HAVEN, MI 48048
30528 LYON CENTER DR E, NEW HUDSON, MI 48165-8901
8175 S MASON, NEWAYGO, MI 49337
13921 STATE HWY M28, NEWBERRY, MI 49868
1203 11TH ST, NILES, MI 49120
5947 N LAPEER RD, NORTH BRANCH, MI 48461
190 WHITEHALL, NORTH MUSKEGON, MI 49445
39555 SIX MILE, NORTHVILLE TOWNSHIP, MI 48167
730 WEST NORTON AVENUE, NORTON SHORES, MI 49441
401 MURRAY RD US2, NORWAY, MI 49870
42665 12 MILE RD, NOVI, MI 48377-3004
26160 GREENFIELD RD, OAK PARK, MI 48237
21000 GREENFIELD RD, OAK PARK, MI 48237-3025
3477 N OKEMOS, OKEMOS, MI 48864-3923
2040 W GRAND RIVER RD, OKEMOS, MI 48864-1707
925 S ORTONVILLE RD, ORTONVILLE, MI 48462
5050 N HURON RD, OSCODA, MI 48750
213 N STATE ST, OTISVILLE, MI 48463
6158 US HWY 223, OTTAWA LAKE, MI 49267
2400 E MAIN ST, OWOSSO, MI 48867-9073
601 W MAIN ST, OWOSSO, MI 48867-2609
655 N LAPEER, OXFORD, MI 48371
3077 LANSING RD, PERRY, MI 48872
1178 HWY 31 N, PETOSKEY, MI 49770
747 SPRING STREET US 131, PETOSKEY, MI 49770
1184 M 36, PINCKNEY, MI 48169
766 E PINCONNING RD, PINCONNING, MI 48650
520 EAST WALTON, PONTIAC, MI 48340
44961 WOODWARD AVE, PONTIAC, MI 48341
1201 24TH ST, PORT HURON, MI 48060-4849
2509 PINE GROVE AVE, PORT HURON, MI 48060-2868
6925 S WESTNEDGE AVE, PORTAGE, MI 49002
1432 E GRAND RIVER, PORTLAND, MI 48875-1632
285 E LANSING RD, POTTERVILLE, MI 48876
1991 W HOUGHTON LAKE DR, PRUDENVILLE, MI 48651
122 W CHICAGO, QUINCY, MI 49082
15301 TELEGRAPH ROAD, REDFORD, MI 48239
11310 TELEGRAPH RD, REDFORD, MI 48239
26990 GRAND RIVER AVE, REDFORD, MI 48240
25830 PLYMOUTH RD, REDFORD TOWNSHIP, MI 48239
4985 PARK ST, REED CITY, MI 49677-9634
8200 32ND ST, RICHLAND, MI 49083
67600 MAIN ST, RICHMOND, MI 48062-1926
10995 W JEFFERSON AVE, RIVER ROUGE, MI 48229
808 ROCHE STER ROAD, ROCHESTER, MI 48307-2740
2985 WALTON BLVD, ROCHESTER HILLS, MI 48309-1419
91 W AUBURN RD, ROCHESTER HILLS, MI 48307
500 E DIVISION, ROCKFORD, MI 49341-1323
290 S BRADLEY HWY, ROGERS CITY, MI 49779-2100
9777 WAYNE ROAD, ROMULUS, MI 48174-1550
9273 MIDDLEBELT RD, ROMULUS, MI 48174-2510

68

TELEPHONE
231-723-4377
906-767-5020
989-635-3877
906-226-2384
906-226-7422
906-249-1516
269-781-1114
810-364-7494
517-244-9328
517-676-8617
313-381-4300
906-863-6714
810-678-8920
989-495-0165
989-835-9840
989-835-9534
734-439-1520
248-676-2450
989-826-8418
734-384-1097
734-242-6400
734-243-9570
810-639-3800
586-469-0084
586-468-5310
810-687-1960
810-687-0454
989-773-3539
989-773-0072
989-773-7220
989-773-1014
231-798-7681
231-755-2585
231-773-2131
231-733-6305
231-744-8663
231-767-8523
586-716-9830
269-469-1924
586-749-0172
248-446-8169
231-652-2123
906-293-3992
269-687-4318
810-793-5248
231-744-2681
734-420-3470
231-722-1000
906-563-8546
248-348-0255
248-808-6756
248-968-5149
517-349-4581
517-349-1190
248-627-6225
989-739-3111
810-631-4044
734-854-6852
989-723-8438
989-723-5222
248-628-2780
517-625-4044
231-347-1711
231-487-0088
734-878-9400
989-879-4170
248-334-1047
248-335-9790
810-985-5030
810-987-3374
269-323-2634
517-647-4680
517-645-0374
989-366-5005
517-639-3086
313-387-0028
313-387-3053
313-534-0142
313-937-8210
231-832-3699
269-629-0814
586-727-2800
313-791-7170
248-652-8661
248-375-0916
248-853-7423
616-866-2550
989-734-7131
734-941-6580
734-946-8088

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
JONI M THROWER
MARLA D THROWER
MARLA D THROWER
CYNTHIA VILLAIRE
CYNTHIA VILLAIRE
MARISSA G FISHER
YUSEF ALCODRAY
YUSEF ALCODRAY
MARISSA G FISHER
ANDREW KOSTECKI
ANDREW KOSTECKI
ANDREW KOSTECKI
LARRY J PETERS JR.
LARRY J PETERS JR.
SHAWN SAPUTO
ROBERT L SPANGLER
ROBERT L SPANGLER
ROBERT L SPANGLER
OVIJIT DATTA
BRIAN DICKENDESHER
ROY SANCHEZ
TERRI MARIE BEEBE
STEVEN HOGWOOD
TRISH M HOLLINGSWORTH
MICHAEL R RODEWALD
ERIKA SCHULZ-ROGERS
SAMUEL M LUBEZNIK
JEFFREY STANTON
JON M CAMPBELL, SR.
JON M CAMPBELL, SR.
NEEL CHAPATWALA
VERA BARDHA
JEFFREY STANTON
JEFFREY STANTON
RYAN REARDON
STEVEN HOGWOOD
RYAN REARDON
SHAWN SAPUTO
DIETER SCHULZ
ERIKA SCHULZ-ROGERS
YUSEF ALCODRAY
TERRI MARIE BEEBE
BRANDON VAN POPPELEN
ESTEPHAN AWAD
SHAWN SAPUTO
ANTHONY J D'ANNA, JR.
MICHAEL R RODEWALD
MICHAEL J MLINARCIK JR
MICHAEL J MLINARCIK JR
MICHAEL J MLINARCIK JR
LAURA PERCIVAL
SCOTT JAMES KARNS
JESSICA SAPUTO
CYNTHIA VILLAIRE
NEEL CHAPATWALA
NEEL CHAPATWALA
KAREEM JALLAD
KAREEM JALLAD
JEFFREY STANTON
MICHAEL P MAYNARD
MATTHEW A SCHULZ
MATTHEW A SCHULZ
MATTHEW A SCHULZ
MATTHEW A SCHULZ
JEFFREY STANTON
MARISSA G FISHER
LAURA PERCIVAL
LAURA PERCIVAL
LAURA PERCIVAL
MICHAEL J MLINARCIK JR
WILLIAM P SAPUTO, JR.
ANTHONY J D'ANNA, JR.
RYAN REARDON
RYAN REARDON
JON M CAMPBELL, SR.
TERESA HERNALSTEEN
F. MARK PFAU
MARISSA G FISHER
MARISSA G FISHER
JOHN A KOSTECKI
LAURA PERCIVAL
LAURA PERCIVAL
LAURA PERCIVAL
BRIAN TEMPLE
BRIAN TEMPLE
MICHAEL J MLINARCIK JR
F. MARK PFAU
F. MARK PFAU
F. MARK PFAU
JESSICA SAPUTO

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
8019 MERRIMAN RD, ROMULUS, MI 48174
DETROIT METRO AIRPT - DTW MCNAMARA TERM, ROMULUS, MI 48242
DETROIT METRO AIRPORT - DTW NORTH TERM, ROMULUS, MI 48242
405 N 5TH ST, ROSCOMMON, MI 48653
2770 S M 33, ROSE CITY, MI 48654
15401 E 12 MILE RD, ROSEVILLE, MI 48066-1840
27901 GRATIOT AVE, ROSEVILLE, MI 48066
26765 GRATIOT AVENUE, ROSEVILLE, MI 48066
30807 WOODWARD AVE, ROYAL OAK, MI 48073-6932
2829 W 14 MILE RD, ROYAL OAK, MI 48073-1767
423 W 11 MILE RD, ROYAL OAK, MI 48067-2240
3300 ROCHESTER ROAD, ROYAL OAK, MI 48073-2811
510 S MICHIGAN AVE, SAGINAW, MI 48602-1525
1454 N MICHIGAN AVE, SAGINAW, MI 48602
7778 GRATIOT AVE, SAGINAW, MI 48609-5017
3700 E GENESEE ST, SAGINAW, MI 48601-4280
3200 HOLLAND RD, SAGINAW, MI 48601-6600
3670 E WASHINGTON RD, SAGINAW, MI 48601
7847 E MICHIGAN AVE, SALINE, MI 48176
450 W SANILAC, SANDUSKY, MI 48471-1065
2738 N M-30, SANFORD, MI 48657
2850 I-75 BUSINESS SPUR, SAULT ST MARIE, MI 49783
710 NORTH GRAND STREET, SCHOOLCRAFT, MI 49087
599 S UNIONVILLE RD, SEBEWAING, MI 48759
550 E WRIGHT AVE, SHEPHERD, MI 48883
2805 WADHAMS, SMITHS CREEK, MI 48074-1433
1025 SOUTH LA GRANGE ROAD, SOUTH HAVEN, MI 49090-1939
22100 PONTIAC TRL, SOUTH LYON, MI 48178-1620
24480 TELEGRAPH RD, SOUTHFIELD, MI 48034
28670 NORTHWESTERN HWY, SOUTHFIELD, MI 48034
30161 SOUTHFIELD RD, SOUTHFIELD, MI 48076
18787 NORTHLINE RD, SOUTHGATE, MI 48195
14845 EUREKA ROAD, SOUTHGATE, MI 48195-2001
16515 FORT STREET, SOUTHGATE, MI 48195
450 W DIVISION, SPARTA, MI 49345-1044
121 E MAIN ST, SPRING ARBOR, MI 49283
406 W SAVIDGE, SPRING LAKE, MI 49456
1000 SAGINAW ST, ST CHARLES, MI 48655
1336 WADHAMS RD, ST CLAIR, MI 48079
1155 S CARNEY DR, ST CLAIR, MI 48079
22333 E 9 MILE RD, ST CLAIR SHORES, MI 48080
928 W US 2, ST IGNACE, MI 49781
920 S US27, ST JOHNS, MI 48879
2820 NILES AVE, ST JOSEPH, MI 49085
115 W WASHINGTON AVE, ST LOUIS, MI 48880
515 S US HWY 23, STANDISH, MI 48658
329 E MAIN, STANTON, MI 48888
8280 15 MILE RD, STERLING HEIGHTS, MI 48312
13640 SOUTHCOVE DR, STERLING HEIGHTS, MI 48313-1334
37037 MOUND RD, STERLING HEIGHTS, MI 48310
2000 18 MILE RD, STERLING HEIGHTS, MI 48310
4997 BIRD INDUSTRIAL DRIVE, STOCKBRIDGE, MI 49285
2234 ORCHARD LAKE RD, SYLVAN LAKE, MI 48320-1750
605 EAST LAKE STREET, TAWAS CITY, MI 48730
10236 S TELEGRAPH ROAD, TAYLOR, MI 48180-3330
21300 ECORSE RD, TAYLOR, MI 48180-1852
26730 EUREKA RD, TAYLOR, MI 48180-4833
23333 EUREKA RD, TAYLOR, MI 48180
1206 WEST CHICAGO BLVD, TECUMSEH, MI 49236
15286 M60, TEKONSHA, MI 49092
710 E FRONT ST, TRAVERSE CITY, MI 49686
3606 N US 31 S, TRAVERSE CITY, MI 49684
2468 S AIRPORT RD W, TRAVERSE CITY, MI 49684
933 US 31 S, TRAVERSE CITY, MI 49684
3355 WEST RD, TRENTON, MI 48183-2343
70 W MAPLE, TROY, MI 48084
4819 ROCHESTER ROAD, TROY, MI 48098-4962
36895 DEQUINDRE ROAD, TROY, MI 48083
3039 ROCHESTER RD, TROY, MI 48083
45010 UTICA PARK BLVD, UTICA, MI 48315-5911
47475 VAN DYKE RD, UTICA, MI 48317-3366
933 W HURON, VASSAR, MI 48768
2652 ALPINE AVE, WALKER, MI 49504-1963
3030 WALKER AVE, WALKER, MI 49504
200 BECK RD, WALLED LAKE, MI 48390
515 HAGGERTY RD, WALLED LAKE, MI 48390
1212 W MAPLE RD, WALLED LAKE, MI 48390
27480 VAN DYKE ROAD, WARREN, MI 48093-2804
30837 SCHOENHERR ROAD, WARREN, MI 48093-6857
2250 E 10 MILE ROAD, WARREN, MI 48091-3701
4240 E 14 MILE, WARREN, MI 48092-4325
28959 MOUND RD, WARREN, MI 48092
32155 VAN DYKE AVE, WARREN, MI 48093
23000 VAN DYKE, WARREN, MI 48089
11631 10 MILE RD, WARREN, MI 48089
66500 VAN DYKE, WASHINGTON, MI 48095-2015
4772 DIXIE HWY, WATERFORD, MI 48329-3525
5854 HIGHLAND RD, WATERFORD, MI 48327-1827
7600 COOLEY LAKE RD, WATERFORD, MI 48327-4190
2450 DIXIE HWY, WATERFORD, MI 48328

69

TELEPHONE
734-728-4264
734-247-4366
734-941-5402
989-275-0533
989-685-3773
586-778-3020
586-777-6698
586-775-7029
248-435-3160
248-549-6262
248-543-9888
248-585-2262
989-799-4330
989-752-8104
989-781-0910
989-755-7785
989-755-7910
989-752-4568
734-429-1049
810-648-2465
989-423-2002
906-632-0059
269-679-5185
989-883-9898
989-828-7006
810-982-1870
269-637-6953
248-437-3226
248-234-8105
248-352-6574
248-594-4773
734-374-8850
734-282-2712
734-285-7040
616-887-8565
517-750-3393
616-846-8000
989-865-8559
810-326-4186
810-329-2606
586-445-6196
906-643-8973
989-224-3325
269-281-7170
989-681-3603
989-846-9561
989-831-8939
586-939-9460
586-247-2340
586-978-9527
586-939-9140
517-851-7817
248-681-0002
989-362-3956
313-292-5202
313-928-3900
734-941-8760
734-287-1013
517-423-2826
517-767-3518
231-946-5740
231-946-6100
231-933-9248
231-943-0774
734-675-6760
248-556-5109
248-524-2437
248-528-1393
248-740-0604
586-254-0762
586-739-9383
989-823-7615
616-363-3600
616-791-0435
248-669-5887
248-960-5071
248-624-7750
586-755-0290
586-751-0270
586-755-1440
586-939-4219
586-576-0434
586-983-2606
586-754-9597
586-619-7121
586-281-3755
248-674-0961
248-674-0937
248-360-2790
248-334-4800

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
JESSICA SAPUTO
KEITH A BERG
MARLA D THROWER
TRAVIS VAN POPPELEN
ANTHONY J D'ANNA, JR.
JONI M THROWER
JONI M THROWER
JONI M THROWER
MARLA D THROWER
F. MARK PFAU
F. MARK PFAU
MICHAEL P MAYNARD
MATTHEW A SCHULZ
LORI LYNN SCHULZ
TRAVIS VAN POPPELEN
JEFFREY STANTON
JEFFREY STANTON
LORI LYNN SCHULZ
MATTHEW A SCHULZ
MATTHEW A SCHULZ
CARL E WISEMAN
ERIKA SCHULZ-ROGERS
KAREEM JALLAD
MONIQUE C VANN
MONIQUE C VANN
RYAN REARDON
GLEN L COOK
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
KEVIN L COOK
KEVIN L COOK
TIMOTHY J GENCK
JEFFREY A SMITH
KEVIN COOK
KRISTINE K GENCK
YASMIN HYDER
TIMOTHY O BAYLOR
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
COREY KLINEFELTER
TIMOTHY J GENCK
COREY KLINEFELTER
COREY KLINEFELTER
TIMOTHY J GENCK
MELISSA KENNEDY
JEFFREY A SMITH
MARK HODD
MELISSA KENNEDY
JEFFREY J RALPH
JEFFREY J RALPH
NORMA RALPH
RICK CLERC
GLEN P COOK
GLEN P COOK
JUSTIN BAYLOR
JUSTIN BAYLOR
YASMIN HYDER
YASMIN HYDER
YASMIN HYDER
KEVIN COOK
YASMIN HYDER
JEFFREY J RALPH
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
PREDRAG DOSTANIC
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
YASMIN HYDER
RICK CLERC
YASMIN HYDER
RICK CLERC
RICK CLERC
MIKE DARULA
COREY KLINEFELTER
COURTNEY HENRY
PREDRAG DOSTANIC
COREY KLINEFELTER
MELISSA KENNEDY
JEFFREY A SMITH
JEFFREY A SMITH
JEFFREY A SMITH
PATRICK DUVAL
MICHAEL J DOHERTY
YASMIN HYDER
MIKE DARULA
GLEN L COOK
PREDRAG DOSTANIC
PREDRAG DOSTANIC
COREY KLINEFELTER
MARK HODD
COLLEEN VANBLARCOM

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
3205 ELIZABETH LAKE RD, WATERFORD, MI 48328-3004
1515 N PATTERSON, WAYLAND, MI 49348
35111 MICHIGAN AVE W, WAYNE, MI 48184
805 HIGHVIEW DRIVE, WEBBERVILLE, MI 48892
2940 COOK RD, WEST BRANCH, MI 48661-9338
33921 FORD RD, WESTLAND, MI 48185-3006
38418 FORD RD, WESTLAND, MI 48185
1675 S WAYNE RD, WESTLAND, MI 48186
34900 WARREN AVE, WESTLAND, MI 48185-2772
9615 HIGHLAND ROAD, WHITE LAKE, MI 48386-2315
6491 HIGHLAND RD, WHITE LAKE, MI 48386
103 US HWY 131, WHITE PIGEON, MI 49099
3038 COLBY STREET, WHITEHALL, MI 49461-9637
5908 US HWY 31 N, WILLIAMSBURG, MI 49690
200 W GRAND RIVER AVE, WILLIAMSTON, MI 48895-1320
22172 WEST RD, WOODHAVEN, MI 48183
3421 BIDDLE AVE, WYANDOTTE, MI 48192-6222
1115 CHICAGO DR SW, WYOMING, MI 49519
3873 S DIVISION ST, WYOMING, MI 49548-3251
2727 28TH ST SW, WYOMING, MI 49509-2109
5631 BYRON CENTER AVE, WYOMING, MI 49418
105 MAIN ST, YALE, MI 48097
5550 W MICHIGAN AVE, YPSILANTI, MI 48197
16 ECORSE RD, YPSILANTI, MI 48198-5711
3811 CARPENTER RD, YPSILANTI, MI 48197
8531 HOMESTEAD DRIVE, ZEELAND, MI 49464
650 2ND ST NE, AITKIN, MN 56431
609 E MAIN ST, ALBERT LEA, MN 56007-2936
2808 BRIDGE AVE, ALBERT LEA, MN 56007-2082
840 HAPPY TRAILS LN, ALBERT LEA, MN 56007
4910 HWY 29 S, ALEXANDRIA, MN 56308-2905
853 STATE HWY 29 N, ALEXANDRIA, MN 56308
13731 ROUND LAKE BLVD, ANDOVER, MN 55304
15232 BLUEBIRD STREET NW, ANDOVER, MN 55304
211 ELM STREET WEST, ANNANDALE, MN 55302
720 W MAIN ST, ANOKA, MN 55303-1581
7667 150TH ST W, APPLE VALLEY, MN 55124-7166
1313 W COUNTY ROAD E, ARDEN HILLS, MN 55112
1009 W OAKLAND AVE, AUSTIN, MN 55912-2217
1402 14TH ST NW, AUSTIN, MN 55912
903 MAIN STREET, BAUDETTE, MN 56623
12945 ROLLING RIDGE ROAD, BECKER, MN 55308
1245 PAUL BUNYAN DR NW, BEMIDJI, MN 56601-4123
520 PAUL BUNYAN DR, BEMIDJI, MN 56601
330 JEFFERSON BLVD, BIG LAKE, MN 55309
12401 ULYSSES ST NE, BLAINE, MN 55434-3940
10270 BALTIMORE STREET NE, BLAINE, MN 55449
9529 LYNDALE AVENUE SOUTH, BLOOMINGTON, MN 55420-4213
8030 NICOLLET AVE, BLOOMINGTON, MN 55420-1230
4000 W OLD SHAKOPEE RD, BLOOMINGTON, MN 55437-2947
9240 BLOOMINGTON FERRY RD, BLOOMINGTON, MN 55438-1429
7997 SOUTHTOWN CTR, BLOOMINGTON, MN 55431
1202 BUCCANEER DR, BLUE EARTH, MN 56013
521 W WASHINGTON ST, BRAINERD, MN 56401-2927
505 NE WASHINGTON ST, BRAINERD, MN 56401
5525 XERXES AVE N, BROOKLYN CENTER, MN 55430-2856
1480 85TH AVE N, BROOKLYN PARK, MN 55444-1416
9000 85TH AVE NORTH, BROOKLYN PARK, MN 55445-2153
7685 WEST BROADWAY, BROOKLYN PARK, MN 55428
9695 XENIA AVENUE NORTH, BROOKLYN PARK, MN 55443
303 7TH ST NE, BUFFALO, MN 55313-1744
14200 GRAND AVE, BURNSVILLE, MN 55337-5704
2901 W HWY 13, BURNSVILLE, MN 55337-1707
955 HIGH POINT DRIVE NE, BYRON, MN 55920
100 GARFIELD ST S, CAMBRIDGE, MN 55008
31675 65TH AVE, CANNON FALLS, MN 55009
12321 CHAMPLIN DR, CHAMPLIN, MN 55316-1906
8971 CROSSROADS BLVD, CHANHASSEN, MN 55317
90 LAKE DR E, CHANHASSEN, MN 55317-9319
2840 CHASKA BLVD, CHASKA, MN 55318-2294
1120 HAZELTINE BLVD, CHASKA, MN 55318
29575 SPORTSMAN DR, CHISAGO CITY, MN 55013
710 IRON MINER MEMORIAL RD, CHISHOLM, MN 55719
1 CENTRAL ST, CIRCLE PINES, MN 55014-1761
709 HWY 33 S, CLOQUET, MN 55720-2659
101 S HWY 53, COOK, MN 55723
1920 GATEWAY DRIVE, COON RAPIDS, MN 55448
11364 FOLEY BLVD NW, COON RAPIDS, MN 55448-3348
3080 COON RAPIDS BLVD, COON RAPIDS, MN 55433-3474
3231 NORTHDALE BLVD, COON RAPIDS, MN 55433
7355 POINT DOUGLAS RD, COTTAGE GROVE, MN 55016
1811 UNIVERSITY AVE, CROOKSTON, MN 56716
5400 W BROADWAY, CRYSTAL, MN 55428-3506
1490 BABCOCK BLVD, DELANO, MN 55328
415 E FRAZEE, DETROIT LAKES, MN 56501-3605
2105 LONDON RD, DULUTH, MN 55812-2128
428 N CENTRAL, DULUTH, MN 55807-2530
110 E CENTRAL ENTRANCE, DULUTH, MN 55811-5510
3045 HOLIDAY LN, EAGAN, MN 55121
1995 SILVER BELL RD, EAGAN, MN 55122-1102

70

TELEPHONE
248-681-1220
269-792-8018
734-728-0567
517-521-1113
989-345-1860
734-721-2919
734-729-0790
734-728-4660
734-422-3704
248-698-2424
248-889-0026
269-483-0042
231-894-2558
231-938-9725
517-655-5450
734-675-2940
734-281-1105
616-248-9755
616-531-2190
616-534-3876
616-249-3115
810-387-2112
734-572-1452
734-485-8416
734-477-9010
616-772-9512
218-927-2120
507-377-1355
507-377-9573
507-377-6098
320-763-5070
320-759-7272
763-323-4727
763-434-3137
320-274-5958
763-427-8650
952-432-2185
651-633-1257
507-433-6030
507-434-7810
218-634-1320
763-262-3838
218-751-2560
218-759-9117
763-263-1010
763-755-2660
763-792-9495
952-881-8010
952-888-6844
952-888-3759
952-944-8388
952-948-1855
507-432-1580
218-829-5201
218-829-6925
763-566-3970
763-560-3026
763-425-0990
763-425-4240
763-425-0255
763-682-5167
952-435-6688
952-890-4994
507-775-0935
763-689-9015
507-263-2754
763-421-8182
952-934-1259
952-934-8530
952-448-6423
952-361-5414
651-257-2200
218-254-4227
763-780-3937
218-879-8497
218-666-0077
763-231-0468
763-755-2149
763-422-9218
763-506-0060
651-459-9415
218-281-7611
763-533-8150
763-972-5912
218-847-3558
218-728-2091
218-624-0460
218-722-8900
651-686-5210
651-452-2307

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
COLLEEN VANBLARCOM
COLLEEN VANBLARCOM
MICHAEL J DOHERTY
RICK CLERC
COURTNEY HENRY
KRISTINE K GENCK
RICK CLERC
RICK CLERC
COLLEEN VANBLARCOM
MARK HODD
GLEN L COOK
GLEN P COOK
MIKE DARULA
MELISSA KENNEDY
MELISSA KENNEDY
GLEN L COOK
TIMOTHY O BAYLOR
YASMIN HYDER
COREY KLINEFELTER
COURTNEY HENRY
PREDRAG DOSTANIC
COREY KLINEFELTER
PREDRAG DOSTANIC
KEVIN COOK
COREY KLINEFELTER
THOMAS DUVAL
THOMAS DUVAL
PREDRAG DOSTANIC
JOSHUA B CHOATE
MIKE DARULA
MIKE DARULA
MIKE DARULA
YASMIN HYDER
MELISSA KENNEDY
TERRENCE MCBRIDE
KEVIN COOK
TERRENCE MCBRIDE
GLEN P COOK
KRISTINE K GENCK
TIMOTHY J GENCK
MICHAEL HARTSHORN
COLLEEN VANBLARCOM
COLLEEN VANBLARCOM
COLLEEN VANBLARCOM
YASMIN HYDER
YASMIN HYDER
JEFFREY J RALPH
ANDREW DUVAL
COURTNEY HENRY
COURTNEY HENRY
RICK CLERC
COLLEEN VANBLARCOM
TIMOTHY J GENCK
PATRICK DUVAL
JUSTIN BAYLOR
JUSTIN BAYLOR
TIMOTHY O BAYLOR
TIMOTHY O BAYLOR
ADITYA BHAVANI
MIKE DARULA
COURTNEY HENRY
MARK HODD
MELISSA KENNEDY
JEFFREY A SMITH
JEFFREY A SMITH
YASMIN HYDER
KEVIN L COOK
KEVIN COOK
EMILY COOK
EMILY COOK
PREDRAG DOSTANIC
PREDRAG DOSTANIC
KEVIN COOK
COURTNEY HENRY
MELISSA KENNEDY
JEFFREY A SMITH
YASMIN HYDER
JOSHUA B CHOATE
JEREMY E POLLOCK
PREDRAG DOSTANIC
COLLEEN VANBLARCOM
YASMIN HYDER
COURTNEY HENRY
COLLEEN VANBLARCOM
COREY KLINEFELTER
GLEN P COOK
PREDRAG DOSTANIC
NATHAN R LEONARD
TIMOTHY O BAYLOR
YASMIN HYDER

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
4565 ERIN LANE, EAGAN, MN 55121
1351 TOWN CENTRE DR, EAGAN, MN 55123
1212 CENTRAL AVE NE, EAST GRAND FORKS, MN 56721-1603
598 PRAIRIE CENTER DR, EDEN PRAIRIE, MN 55344-7917
3220 SOUTHDALE CIR, EDINA, MN 55435-2511
700 DODGE AVE, ELK RIVER, MN 55330-1977
770 EXCELSIOR BLVD, EXCELSIOR, MN 55331-1968
2217 N STATE ST, FAIRMONT, MN 56031-3633
525 NW 4TH STREET, FARIBAULT, MN 55021-5032
4655 KNUTSEN DR, FARMINGTON, MN 55024
2085 COLLEGE WAY, FERGUS FALLS, MN 56537-1061
139 HIGHWAY 23 W, FOLEY, MN 56329-8533
1244 W BROADWAY, FOREST LAKE, MN 55025-1417
8100 UNIVERSITY AVE NE, FRIDLEY, MN 55432-1864
286 57TH AVENUE NE, FRIDLEY, MN 55432
9283 STATE HWY 169, GARRISON, MN 56450
730 N WINNETKA AVE, GOLDEN VALLEY, MN 55427-4530
9315 MEDICINE LAKE RD, GOLDEN VALLEY, MN 55427-3112
1221 POKEGAMA AVE S, GRAND RAPIDS, MN 55744-5044
1340 S FRONTAGE RD, HASTINGS, MN 55033-2426
4301 MENARD DR, HERMANTOWN, MN 55811
1442 E 40TH ST, HIBBING, MN 55746
203 MORRIS AVE, HINCKLEY, MN 55037
1098 HWY 15 S, HUTCHINSON, MN 55350-3154
1700 17TH ST, INTERNATIONAL FALLS, MN 56649
3075 80TH ST E, INVER GROVE HEIGHTS, MN 55076
5760 CAHILL AVE, INVER GROVE HTS, MN 55076
412 HERITAGE BLVD NE, ISANTI, MN 55040-7109
260 TRIANGLE LN, JORDAN, MN 55352
21044 KENRICK AVE, LAKEVILLE, MN 55044-8585
20158 ICENIC TRL, LAKEVILLE, MN 55044
17645 CEDAR AVENUE, LAKEVILLE, MN 55044
16205 KENYON AVENUE, LAKEVILLE, MN 55044
7110 OTTER LAKE ROAD, LINO LAKES, MN 55038
610 APOLLO DR, LINO LAKES, MN 55014
1021 E HIGHWAY 12, LITCHFIELD, MN 55355-2616
2260 RICE ST, LITTLE CANADA, MN 55113
104 LEMIEUR ST, LITTLE FALLS, MN 56345
2410 W INDUSTRIAL BLVD, LONG LAKE, MN 55356
306 LAKE STREET SOUTH, LONG PRAIRIE, MN 56347
1001 S KNISS, LUVERNE, MN 56156
1411 MADISON AVE, MANKATO, MN 56001-5441
150 W LIND CT, MANKATO, MN 56001-0400
1921 ADAMS ST, MANKATO, MN 56001
6255 SYCAMORE LANE NORTH, MAPLE GROVE, MN 55369-6322
13595 83RD WAY, MAPLE GROVE, MN 55369-4644
9530 BLACK OAKS LANE, MAPLE GROVE, MN 55311
1797 COPE AVE, MAPLEWOOD, MN 55109-2608
2730 MINNEHAHA AVE, MAPLEWOOD, MN 55119
2935 SOUTHLAWN DR, MAPLEWOOD, MN 55109
1200 E COLLEGE DR, MARSHALL, MN 56258-2010
6874 W FRONTAGE RD, MEDFORD, MN 55049
822 HWY 55, MEDINA, MN 55340
2020 DODD RD, MENDOTA HEIGHTS, MN 55120
210 E LAKE ST, MINNEAPOLIS, MN 55408-2450
1440 STINSON BLVD, MINNEAPOLIS, MN 55413-1723
4121 HIAWATHA AVE, MINNEAPOLIS, MN 55406-3357
916 W BROADWAY, MINNEAPOLIS, MN 55411
1100 UNIVERSITY AVE NE, MINNEAPOLIS, MN 55413-1222
2929 HENNEPIN AVE S, MINNEAPOLIS, MN 55408-1955
2400 NICOLLET AVE S, MINNEAPOLIS, MN 55404-3449
4435 LYNDALE AVE N, MINNEAPOLIS, MN 55412-1436
1425 4TH ST SE, MINNEAPOLIS, MN 55414
4605 CENTRAL AVE NE, MINNEAPOLIS, MN 55421-2435
3110 E LAKE ST, MINNEAPOLIS, MN 55406-2002
4637 SHADY OAK RD, MINNETONKA, MN 55343-8838
1706 E HWY 7, MONTEVIDEO, MN 56265
100 OAKWOOD DR, MONTICELLO, MN 55362
220 8TH ST S, MOORHEAD, MN 56560-2811
3009 HWY 10 E, MOORHEAD, MN 56560-2549
500 PARK PLACE DRIVE, MOOSE LAKE, MN 55767
500 HIGHWAY 65, MORA, MN 55051
1124 ATLANTIC AVE, MORRIS, MN 56267
2201 HWY 10, MOUNDS VIEW, MN 55112-4924
729 LONG LAKE RD, NEW BRIGHTON, MN 55112-7770
1168 SILVER LAKE RD, NEW BRIGHTON, MN 55112-6325
4201 WINNETKA AVE, NEW HOPE, MN 55428-4924
101 CHALUPSKY AVENUE SE, NEW PRAGUE, MN 56071
1705 S BROADWAY, NEW ULM, MN 56073
5835 ST CROIX TRAIL, NORTH BRANCH, MN 55056
1101 S HWY 3, NORTHFIELD, MN 55057-3086
410 FAXON RD N, NORWOOD YOUNG AMERICA, MN 55368
7830 32ND ST N, OAKDALE, MN 55128
1105 W FRONTAGE RD, OWATONNA, MN 55060
101 S PARK AVE, PARK RAPIDS, MN 56470
100 JUDD STREET, PERHAM, MN 56573
1450 8TH ST NW, PINE CITY, MN 55063-1137
609 8TH AVE SE, PIPESTONE, MN 56164
2705 ANNAPOLIS CIR, PLYMOUTH, MN 55441
11325 STATE HIGHWAY 55, PLYMOUTH, MN 55441

71

TELEPHONE
651-452-3179
651-686-5592
218-773-3922
952-943-8870
952-925-3130
763-441-7966
952-474-4998
507-432-1579
507-332-7040
651-463-7400
218-736-5856
320-968-7337
651-464-5440
763-780-9611
763-571-5260
320-692-4911
763-545-1079
763-544-2077
218-326-5561
651-437-7197
218-279-4011
218-262-1186
320-384-0071
320-587-2449
218-283-9500
651-306-1378
651-455-9385
763-444-7916
952-492-6680
952-469-5010
952-469-5552
952-469-2065
952-469-8525
651-653-3908
763-398-0323
320-593-7182
651-483-8197
320-632-2724
952-475-3588
320-732-1006
507-283-8114
507-345-3370
507-625-7199
507-625-7559
763-559-1560
763-494-4393
763-420-5911
651-777-3949
651-739-9485
651-777-9408
507-537-1139
507-451-1055
763-478-2734
651-454-7094
612-825-9700
612-331-3100
612-729-4417
612-521-8504
612-379-4334
612-827-4135
612-872-2227
612-521-1200
612-278-4057
763-571-7416
612-729-9005
952-935-9475
320-269-7515
763-295-5140
218-236-5011
218-236-7070
218-485-5785
320-679-2269
320-589-3239
763-786-7150
651-631-9176
651-636-5254
763-533-5066
952-758-5995
507-359-9529
651-674-8380
507-663-0236
952-467-4495
651-777-6699
507-451-3075
218-732-9957
218-346-4100
320-629-0030
507-825-3222
763-553-0941
763-545-8099

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
PREDRAG DOSTANIC
JOSHUA B CHOATE
PREDRAG DOSTANIC
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
KEVIN L COOK
GLEN P COOK
COURTNEY HENRY
TIMOTHY O BAYLOR
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
TIMOTHY J GENCK
ADITYA BHAVANI
TIMOTHY O BAYLOR
GLEN P COOK
KEVIN COOK
ADITYA BHAVANI
JOSHUA B CHOATE
JOSHUA B CHOATE
MELISSA KENNEDY
GLEN P COOK
GLEN P COOK
TIMOTHY J GENCK
KRISTINE K GENCK
RICK CLERC
TIMOTHY J GENCK
MIKE DARULA
MIKE DARULA
KRISTINE K GENCK
PATRICK DUVAL
COURTNEY HENRY
COURTNEY HENRY
COURTNEY HENRY
COURTNEY HENRY
COURTNEY HENRY
LOUIS C HENRY, JR.
LOUIS C HENRY, JR.
LOUIS C HENRY, JR.
MARGARET M FITZPATRICK
ANDREW DUVAL
ANDREW DUVAL
MICHAEL J DOHERTY
COREY KLINEFELTER
COREY KLINEFELTER
SHAHAB HYDER
GLEN L COOK
TIMOTHY J GENCK
TIMOTHY J GENCK
COLLEEN VANBLARCOM
YASMIN HYDER
PATRICK DUVAL
COURTNEY HENRY
TERRENCE MCBRIDE
KEVIN L COOK
RICK CLERC
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
THOMAS DUVAL
THOMAS DUVAL
MICHAEL HARTSHORN
MIKE DARULA
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
BRADLEY SHORT
CHRISTOPHER D GIARLA
CHRISTOPHER D GIARLA
MARK D MEHLE
ALEXANDRA CLOSE-MAFFEI
ANDI HILBURN VAINI
NOLAN RUIZ
JESSICA E LUCAS
CHRISTOPHER LECORNU
BRADLEY SHORT
MELISA A ESSIG
JESSICA E LUCAS
JILL M HILL
JILL M HILL
JODI C WARD
JODI C WARD
RYAN D BLUMENSTOCK
MARK D MEHLE
ROBERT H GILSTRAP
ANDREW RUPRECHT
ANDREW RUPRECHT
ANDREW RUPRECHT
ANDREW RUPRECHT
ANDREW RUPRECHT

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
701 NORTHLAND DR, PRINCETON, MN 55371
16831 HWY 13 SE, PRIOR LAKE, MN 55372
9310 W SKYLINE PKY, PROCTOR, MN 55810
2770 N SERVICE DR, RED WING, MN 55066-1985
1271 E BRIDGE ST, REDWOOD FALLS, MN 56283-1901
2378 PINE RD NW, RICE, MN 56367-9740
6645 LYNDALE AVE S, RICHFIELD, MN 55423
4601 LAKE DR, ROBBINSDALE, MN 55422
1116 N BROADWAY, ROCHESTER, MN 55906
1306 APACHE DR SW, ROCHESTER, MN 55902
1505 2ND ST SW, ROCHESTER, MN 55902-0356
5500 BANDEL RD NW, ROCHESTER, MN 55901
4636 COMMERCIAL DR SW, ROCHESTER, MN 55902
2121 COMMERCE DRIVE NW, ROCHESTER, MN 55901
2180 WHEELOCK DRIVE NE, ROCHESTER, MN 55906
21300 ROGERS DR, ROGERS, MN 55374-9540
15035 CANADA AVE, ROSEMOUNT, MN 55068-1758
2075 SNELLING AVE N, ROSEVILLE, MN 55113
120 TWIN RIVERS CT, SARTELL, MN 56377
1210 TIMBERLANE DR, SAUK CENTRE, MN 56378
3990 COUNTY RD 42, SAVAGE, MN 55378
227 MARSCHALL RD, SHAKOPEE, MN 55379-1674
3990 12TH AVE, SHAKOPEE, MN 55379
8124 HWY 65, SPRING LAKE PARK, MN 55432-2020
2120 W DIVISION ST, ST CLOUD, MN 56301
840 E SAINT GERMAIN ST, ST CLOUD, MN 56304
4311 CLEARWATER RD, ST CLOUD, MN 56301
23100 SAINT FRANCIS BLVD, ST FRANCIS, MN 55070
313 1ST AVE S, ST JAMES, MN 56081
1180 E ELM STREET, ST JOSEPH, MN 56374
6320 W LAKE ST, ST LOUIS PARK, MN 55416
5200 EXCELSIOR BLVD, ST LOUIS PARK, MN 55416
350 CENTRAL AVE E, ST MICHAEL, MN 55376
1841 SUBURBAN AVE, ST PAUL, MN 55119
1388 MARYLAND AVENUE, ST PAUL, MN 55106
551 JEFFERSON AVE, ST PAUL, MN 55102
471 MARION STREET, ST PAUL, MN 55103
1081 HWY 96, ST PAUL, MN 55127
MINN-ST PAUL AIRPT - MSP TERM 1 CONC D, ST PAUL, MN 55111
2213 UNIVERSITY AVENUE, ST PAUL, MN 55114
2322 WEST 7TH STREET, ST PAUL, MN 55116
1535 RICE STREET, ST PAUL, MN 55117
120 SAINT JULIEN ST, ST PETER, MN 56082
14545 60TH ST N, STILLWATER, MN 55082-6314
2601 ORLEANS STREET, STILLWATER, MN 55082
1547 US-59, THIEF RIVER FALLS, MN 56701-0403
1130 7TH AVE, TWO HARBORS, MN 55616
1350 S 12TH AVE, VIRGINIA, MN 55792-3232
910 STRONG DR, WACONIA, MN 55387
20 ASH AVE NW, WADENA, MN 56482
210 2ND ST S, WAITE PARK, MN 56387
456 GREAT OAK DR, WAITE PARK, MN 56387
1600 N STATE ST, WASECA, MN 56093-2713
1450 E WAYZATA BLVD, WAYZATA, MN 55391-1919
1273 S ROBERT ST, WEST ST PAUL, MN 55118
2070 E COUNTY ROAD EAST, WHITE BEAR LAKE, MN 55110
4950 HWY 61, WHITE BEAR LAKE, MN 55110
717 S 1ST ST, WILLMAR, MN 56201-3503
186 6TH ST, WINDOM, MN 56101-1916
1620 SERVICE DR, WINONA, MN 55987-2177
905 E HWY 61, WINONA, MN 55987
1759 WEIR DR, WOODBURY, MN 55125-2242
433 COMMERCE DR, WOODBURY, MN 55125
1320 RAY DR, WORTHINGTON, MN 56187
4811 E VIKING BLVD, WYOMING, MN 55092
2101 180TH AVE, ZUMBROTA, MN 55992
33468 STATE HWY 25, ADVANCE, MO 63730
130 ARNOLD CROSS ROADS, ARNOLD, MO 63010
2005 RICHARDSON RD, ARNOLD, MO 63010
602 E BROADWAY, ASHLAND, MO 65010
1529 ELLIOTT, AURORA, MO 65605
HWY 5 & HWY 14, AVA, MO 65608-9718
15204 MANCHESTER ROAD, BALLWIN, MO 63011-4601
111 CATLIN XING, BARNHART, MO 63012
1819 E NORTH AVE, BELTON, MO 64012-2128
6415 STATE HWY 77, BENTON, MO 63736
4100 MILLER ST, BETHANY, MO 64424
8349 ENTERPRISE RD, BLOOMSDALE, MO 63627
814 N HWY 7, BLUE SPRINGS, MO 64014-2430
1515 N WOODS CHAPEL RD, BLUE SPRINGS, MO 64015-2783
920 W HWY 40, BLUE SPRINGS, MO 64015-4606
3116 S 7 HIGHWAY, BLUE SPRINGS, MO 64014
903 S SPRINGFIELD AVE, BOLIVAR, MO 65613-2459
490 AMERICANA, BOONVILLE, MO 65233-9756
1603 US RTE 61 BUSINESS, BOWLING GREEN, MO 63334
515 W MAIN, BRANSON, MO 65616-9100
2214 W 76 COUNTRY BLVD, BRANSON, MO 65616-1602
1361 STATE HWY 248, BRANSON, MO 65616-8620
1209 BRANSON HILLS PARKWAY, BRANSON, MO 65616
10890 MO-76, BRANSON WEST, MO 65737

72

TELEPHONE
763-389-5310
952-447-8511
218-628-2112
651-800-2023
507-637-2061
320-393-4600
612-866-2086
763-535-9100
507-288-4454
507-288-2264
507-252-0691
507-289-5289
507-281-1167
507-258-7910
507-405-1130
763-428-2846
651-423-1030
651-631-1630
320-654-0402
320-352-5651
952-890-2258
952-445-8050
952-402-9100
763-786-6260
320-252-8361
320-253-4742
320-654-9764
763-753-4713
507-407-0080
320-363-4223
952-929-0770
952-928-4821
763-497-6088
651-739-0395
651-774-4147
651-291-8668
651-224-7535
651-407-0797
612-727-1111
651-644-8333
651-690-0464
651-487-3090
507-931-3011
651-439-8125
651-351-2776
218-653-1082
218-834-5099
218-749-4720
952-442-1901
218-631-3330
320-259-4433
320-230-6646
507-835-7167
952-475-0258
651-457-6683
651-777-7566
651-426-8625
320-235-5061
507-831-5303
507-452-9488
507-457-0600
651-739-2838
651-731-7749
507-372-7484
651-462-0556
507-732-7123
573-722-3500
636-296-8841
636-296-6487
573-657-4050
417-678-6900
417-683-5727
636-227-4000
636-223-0092
816-331-9642
573-545-3158
660-425-6904
573-483-9240
816-229-5554
816-224-0070
816-228-5526
816-220-2999
417-326-8844
660-882-2740
573-324-6181
417-334-1490
417-335-2505
417-337-7744
417-334-6974
417-272-8193

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
NOLAN RUIZ
ETHAN ESSIG
WILLIAM F MCGEEHAN
CHARLES F MARSHALL
CHRISTOPHER D GIARLA
CHARLES F MARSHALL
WILLIAM F MCGEEHAN
MELISA A ESSIG
BRADLEY SHORT
ANDI HILBURN VAINI
ANDI HILBURN VAINI
MELISA A ESSIG
STEPHANI L MARSHALL-RICE
STEPHANI L MARSHALL-RICE
BILL MATHEWS
STEPHANI L MARSHALL-RICE
ANDI HILBURN VAINI
JAMES ESTEL WILLIAMS, JR.
JAMES ESTEL WILLIAMS, JR.
NOLAN RUIZ
NOLAN RUIZ
MELISA A ESSIG
DAVID ESSIG
CHARLES F MARSHALL
MARK D MEHLE
MARK D MEHLE
ANDREW RUPRECHT
RYAN C RUPRECHT
RYAN C RUPRECHT
RYAN C RUPRECHT
BRIAN M GREMAUD
NOLAN RUIZ
NOLAN RUIZ
AARON R WEINBAUM
NOLAN RUIZ
JANETH A KIRKHUFF
JANETH A KIRKHUFF
ANDI HILBURN VAINI
ANDI HILBURN VAINI
NOLAN RUIZ
CHARLES F MARSHALL
TERESA L MCGEEHAN
NOLAN RUIZ
NOLAN RUIZ
MELISA A ESSIG
CHRISTINA HURST
CHRISTINA HURST
CHRISTOPHER D GIARLA
CHRISTOPHER D GIARLA
NOLAN RUIZ
JAMES ESTEL WILLIAMS, JR.
JESSICA E LUCAS
JESSICA E LUCAS
JAMES ESTEL WILLIAMS, JR.
JAMES ESTEL WILLIAMS, JR.
JAMES ESTEL WILLIAMS, JR.
JAMES ESTEL WILLIAMS, JR.
JOAN E ELHOFFER
ANDREW RUPRECHT
CHRISTINA HURST
RYAN C RUPRECHT
JAMES W WAGY
JAMES W WAGY
BRIAN M GREMAUD
CHRISTOPHER LECORNU
ROBERT H GILSTRAP
ANNE ALON
ANNE ALON
DARREN SELLS
JAMES ESTEL WILLIAMS, JR.
FRANCIS RUIZ
NOLAN RUIZ
BRIAN M GREMAUD
BRIAN M GREMAUD
CHRISTOPHER D GIARLA
JANETH A KIRKHUFF
ANDREW RUPRECHT
RYAN C RUPRECHT
ANDI HILBURN VAINI
CARLOS A CARSON
CARLOS A CARSON
CARLOS A CARSON
GERALD P HANSEN
JILL M HILL
CHARLES F MARSHALL
STEPHANI L MARSHALL-RICE
JODI C WARD
BRADLEY SHORT
RYAN C RUPRECHT
RYAN C RUPRECHT

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
1595 S HANLEY, BRENTWOOD, MO 63144
640 S MAIN ST, BROOKFIELD, MO 64628-2341
608 S ASH, BUFFALO, MO 65622
1007 FORT SCOTT ST, BUTLER, MO 64730-1206
4699 HWY W, BYRNES MILL, MO 63051
1002 W BUCHANAN, CALIFORNIA, MO 65018
192 E HWY 54, CAMDENTON, MO 65020-9594
1515 N BOB F GRIFFIN RD, CAMERON, MO 64429
1701 N KINGS HIGHWAY, CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO 63701
1925 BROADWAY STREET, CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO 63701
3419 WILLIAMS, CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO 63701
1001 N US HWY 65, CARROLLTON, MO 64633
1111 W CENTRAL, CARTHAGE, MO 64836-1030
2812 HAZEL AVE, CARTHAGE, MO 64836
93 MAIN ST, CASSVILLE, MO 65625
500 E HWY 22, CENTRALIA, MO 65240
2071 S MAIN STREET, CHARLESTON, MO 63834
101 LAMP AND LANTERN VILLAGE, CHESTERFIELD, MO 63017
110 LONG RD, CHESTERFIELD, MO 63005
1701 CLARKSON SQUARE, CHESTERFIELD, MO 63017-4978
13559 OLIVE ST RD, CHESTERFIELD, MO 63017-3112
810 BUSINESS HIGHWAY 36 WEST, CHILLICOTHE, MO 64601
290 E 69 HWY, CLAYCOMO, MO 64119
1607 EAST OHIO STREET, CLINTON, MO 64735
415 N STADIUM BLVD, COLUMBIA, MO 65201
500 NIFONG BLVD E, COLUMBIA, MO 65201-3781
3206 CLARK LN, COLUMBIA, MO 65202-2414
205 BUSINESS LOOP, COLUMBIA, MO 65201
1012 SMILEY LN, COLUMBIA, MO 65202
5615 EAST ST CHARLES ROAD, COLUMBIA, MO 65202
101 NW 4TH ST, CONCORDIA, MO 64020
9915 WATSON RD, CRESTWOOD, MO 63126
11521 OLIVE BLVD, CREVE COEUR, MO 63141
301 AARON DR, CUBA, MO 65453
12120 MANCHE STER ROAD, DES PERES, MO 63131-4309
411 N STATE STREET, DESLOGE, MO 63628
12955 STATE RT 21, DESOTO, MO 63020
909 BUSINESS US 60, DEXTER, MO 63841
304 LEROUX ST, DONIPHAN, MO 63935
3296 RIDER TRL S, EARTH CITY, MO 63045
410 E HWY 54, EL DORADO SPRINGS, MO 64744
401 S AURORA, ELDON, MO 65026
15901 MANCHESTER ROAD, ELLISVILLE, MO 63011
120 E 4TH ST, EUREKA, MO 63025
2221 HAPPY LANE, EXCELSIOR SPRINGS, MO 64024
207 W KARSCH BLVD, FARMINGTON, MO 63640-2104
1700 W COLUMBIA ST, FARMINGTON, MO 63640
100 OLD SUGAR CREEK ROAD, FENTON, MO 63026
501 OLD SMIZER MILL RD, FENTON, MO 63026
1867 BOWLES AVE, FENTON, MO 63026
10873 W FLORISSANT AVE, FERGUSON, MO 63136
1150 GANNON DR, FESTUS, MO 63028
515 S TRUMAN, FESTUS, MO 63028
6883 PARKER RD, FLORISSANT, MO 63033-5312
1090 SHACKLEFORD, FLORISSANT, MO 63031-4367
3165 N HWY 67, FLORISSANT, MO 63033
15 FLORISSANT OAKS SHOPPING CENTER, FLORISSANT, MO 63031
3160 S SERVICE ROAD E, FORISTELL, MO 63348
15548 FORREST LN, FORSYTH, MO 65653
1007 W MAIN STREET, FREDRICKTOWN, MO 63645
303 S BUSINESS 54, FULTON, MO 65251
6305 N ANTIOCH RD, GLADSTONE, MO 64119
6300 N OAK TRAFFICWAY, GLADSTONE, MO 64118
712 N MAIN STREET, GRAIN VALLEY, MO 64029
5100 HARRY TRUMAN DR, GRANDVIEW, MO 64030
4407 MCMASTERS AVE, HANNIBAL, MO 63401-2239
2101 N COMMERCIAL ST, HARRISONVILLE, MO 64701-1248
2615 BROOKHART DRIVE, HARRISONVILLE, MO 64701
1618 HWY 84 EAST, HAYTI, MO 63851-9700
7300 N LINDBERGH, HAZELWOOD, MO 63042-2033
8700 PERSHALL RD, HAZELWOOD, MO 63042
6270 HOWDERSHELL RD, HAZELWOOD, MO 63042
1865 HIGHWAY BLVD, HIGGINSVILLE, MO 64037
6676 HIGHWAY 13, HIGGINSVILLE, MO 64037
2701 RIDGE POINT DRIVE, HIGH RIDGE, MO 63049
10229 STATE RTE 21, HILLSBORO, MO 63050
113 GAGE DRIVE, HOLLISTER, MO 65672
123 NORTHSTAR DRIVE, HOLTS SUMMIT, MO 65043
1432 S SAM HOUSTON BLVD, HOUSTON, MO 65483-2130
16802 EAST GUDGELL ROAD, INDEPENDENCE, MO 64055-2018
3921 SOUTH BOLGER ROAD, INDEPENDENCE, MO 64055
11115 E 23RD ST, INDEPENDENCE, MO 64052
16235 E HWY 24, INDEPENDENCE, MO 64056-1520
11801 E 40 HWY, INDEPENDENCE, MO 64055
4226 S NOLAND, INDEPENDENCE, MO 64055-4792
1225 S NOLAND RD, INDEPENDENCE, MO 64055
18910 E US HWY 40, INDEPENDENCE, MO 64055-5464
2220 HWY 61 E, JACKSON, MO 63755-2909
1425 MISSOURI BLVD, JEFFERSON CITY, MO 65109
1918 JEFFERSON ST, JEFFERSON CITY, MO 65109-2062

73

TELEPHONE
314-781-1913
660-258-3373
417-345-4066
660-679-3437
636-671-1414
573-796-8472
573-346-3715
816-632-7201
573-803-0540
573-334-6664
573-335-9407
660-542-0966
417-358-7796
417-359-5353
417-847-5544
573-682-2683
573-683-6060
636-391-1772
636-519-8002
636-536-9780
314-878-6620
660-646-6446
816-452-8912
660-885-4525
573-445-6211
573-442-2433
573-474-2032
573-443-7785
573-449-6336
573-777-9014
660-463-2921
314-965-0815
314-432-2644
573-885-4040
314-966-2917
573-431-1900
636-337-7845
573-624-8200
573-996-2888
314-291-9120
417-876-5379
573-392-1487
636-686-7198
636-587-2920
816-630-4121
573-756-8919
573-756-2910
636-343-4605
636-343-3713
636-305-0570
314-521-2272
636-937-3083
636-931-2797
314-355-1268
314-831-9280
314-837-0905
314-838-7490
636-673-1511
417-546-3271
573-783-2100
573-642-1808
816-455-2330
816-436-7141
816-443-2517
816-763-1343
573-221-5711
816-380-6607
816-884-3032
573-359-2233
314-921-8448
314-522-1070
314-731-5596
660-584-7272
660-584-8899
636-376-2370
636-797-5977
417-332-0297
573-896-8606
417-967-4000
816-373-9996
816-373-8154
816-254-6667
816-257-0700
816-358-4324
816-373-9515
816-461-1830
816-795-8088
573-243-7886
573-635-5824
573-635-3903

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
RYAN C RUPRECHT
RYAN C RUPRECHT
JAMES ESTEL WILLIAMS, JR.
THOMAS NICHOLS
THOMAS NICHOLS
THOMAS NICHOLS
THOMAS NICHOLS
THOMAS NICHOLS
ALEXANDRA CLOSE-MAFFEI
CHRISTOPHER LECORNU
CODEE L LYNCH
ANNE ALON
ANNE ALON
JOHN M BELL
JOHN M BELL
JOHN M BELL
JOHN M BELL
JOHN M BELL
DAVID ESSIG
ETHAN ESSIG
MELISA A ESSIG
MELISA A ESSIG
MELISA A ESSIG
MELISA A ESSIG
MELISA A ESSIG
MELISA A ESSIG
MELISA A ESSIG
JILL M HILL
JILL M HILL
JAMES W WAGY
JAMES W WAGY
JAMES W WAGY
JODI C WARD
CODEE L LYNCH
MELISA A ESSIG
DARREN SELLS
MARK D MEHLE
ROBERT H GILSTRAP
ROBERT H GILSTRAP
NOLAN RUIZ
BRIAN M GREMAUD
TERESA L MCGEEHAN
NOLAN RUIZ
CHARLES F MARSHALL
TERESA L MCGEEHAN
WILLIAM F MCGEEHAN
CHARLES F MARSHALL
CHARLES F MARSHALL
CHARLES F MARSHALL
STEPHANI L MARSHALL-RICE
STEPHANI L MARSHALL-RICE
MELISA A ESSIG
MELISA A ESSIG
RYAN C RUPRECHT
ROBERT H GILSTRAP
ANDI HILBURN VAINI
NOLAN RUIZ
ANDI HILBURN VAINI
MICHAEL E GREMAUD
WILLIAM F MCGEEHAN
NOLAN RUIZ
JAMES W WAGY
MARK D MEHLE
ANDI HILBURN VAINI
CHARLES F MARSHALL
ALEXANDRA CLOSE-MAFFEI
ETHAN ESSIG
ANDI HILBURN VAINI
ANDI HILBURN VAINI
RYAN D BLUMENSTOCK
PHILLIP J CLOSE
ALEXANDRA CLOSE-MAFFEI
GLEN D NICHOLS, JR.
JOAN E ELHOFFER
DAPHNE STEWART
JOHN M BELL
NOLAN RUIZ
BRIAN M GREMAUD
BRIAN M GREMAUD
CHRISTOPHER D GIARLA
CHRISTOPHER D GIARLA
CHRISTOPHER D GIARLA
NOLAN RUIZ
NOLAN RUIZ
NOLAN RUIZ
TERESA L MCGEEHAN
WILLIAM F MCGEEHAN
NOLAN RUIZ
JOAN E ELHOFFER
TERESA L MCGEEHAN

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
3124 10 MILE RD, JEFFERSON CITY, MO 65109-1728
815 EASTLAND DR, JEFFERSON CITY, MO 65101
8983 JENNINGS STATION ROAD, JENNINGS, MO 63136
2701 S MAIN ST, JOPLIN, MO 64804
1123 RANGE LINE RD, JOPLIN, MO 64801
3330 S RANGE LINE, JOPLIN, MO 64804
1531 W 7TH, JOPLIN, MO 64801-3023
3140 SOUTH MCCLELLAND, JOPLIN, MO 64804
4436 HWY 43, JOPLIN, MO 64804
13301 STATE LINE RD, KANSAS CITY, MO 64145
6406 TROOST AVENUE, KANSAS CITY, MO 64110
7887 STATE LINE RD, KANSAS CITY, MO 64114-1636
3255 MAIN ST, KANSAS CITY, MO 64111-1925
4002 N OAK TRFY, KANSAS CITY, MO 64116-2609
1300 WEST 103RD STREET, KANSAS CITY, MO 64114-4515
5353 NW 64TH ST, KANSAS CITY, MO 64151-2452
8326 WORNALL RD, KANSAS CITY, MO 64114
4321 NW BARRY RD, KANSAS CITY, MO 64151
9701 N ASH AVENUE, KANSAS CITY, MO 64068
210 HIGHWAY, KANSAS CITY, MO 64161
5347 INDEPENDENCE AVENUE, KANSAS CITY, MO 64124-3007
6996 EASTWOOD TRFY, KANSAS CITY, MO 64129
6701 FRONT ST, KANSAS CITY, MO 64120-1322
3051 VAN BRUNT BOULEVARD, KANSAS CITY, MO 64128-1877
9851 NE BARRY RD, KANSAS CITY, MO 64157
1421 PROSPECT AVENUE, KANSAS CITY, MO 64127
7700 E 87TH, KANSAS CITY, MO 64138
3741 BROADWAY, KANSAS CITY, MO 64111-2505
11001 HICKMAN MILLS DR, KANSAS CITY, MO 64134
6830 NW 83RD TER, KANSAS CITY, MO 64152
9551 N MCGEE STREET, KANSAS CITY, MO 64155
150 NW BARRY RD, KANSAS CITY, MO 64155
4400 NE CHOUTEAU TRAFFICWAY, KANSAS CITY, MO 64117
1200 EMANUEL CLEAVER II BLVD, KCMO, MO 64110
500 W 92 HWY, KEARNEY, MO 64060
1731 1ST ST, KENNETT, MO 63857-2517
3301 COUNTY RD 211, KINGDOM CITY, MO 65262-0150
1401 S BALTIMORE, KIRKSVILLE, MO 63501-4532
2210 N BALTIMORE, KIRKSVILLE, MO 63501
350 S KIRKWOOD RD, KIRKWOOD, MO 63122-6143
601 N HWY 23, KNOB NOSTER, MO 65336-1546
1726 BAGNELL DAM BLVD, LAKE OZARK, MO 65049
885 ROBERT RAYMOND DR, LAKE ST LOUIS, MO 63367
11 E 160 HWY, LAMAR, MO 64759
MORGAN RD & HWY 44, LEBANON, MO 65536
850 S JEFFERSON AVE, LEBANON, MO 65536-3638
901 CHIPMAN RD, LEE'S SUMMIT, MO 64063-2317
125 SOUTHWEST M150 HIGHWAY, LEE'S SUMMIT, MO 64081
900 NE LANGSFORD RD, LEE'S SUMMIT, MO 64086
1809 SE BLUE PKY, LEE'S SUMMIT, MO 64063
3275 SW 3RD STREET, LEE'S SUMMIT, MO 64081
1222 MAIN ST, LEXINGTON, MO 64067
918 S 291 HWY, LIBERTY, MO 64068
320 W MAIN, LINN, MO 65051
1504 N MISSOURI, MACON, MO 63552-1931
1106 1/2 N DOUGLASS ST, MALDEN, MO 63863
14026 MANCHESTER ROAD, MANCHESTER, MO 63011
315 PRESNELL, MARBLE HILL, MO 63764
931 W COLLEGE ST, MARSHALL, MO 65340
1323 SPUR DR, MARSHFIELD, MO 65706-2311
12680 DORSETT RD, MARYLAND HEIGHTS, MO 63043-2130
1106 S MAIN ST, MARYVILLE, MO 64468-2602
2783 S CLARK, MEXICO, MO 65265
2605 E MALONE, MINER, MO 63801
1501 N MORLEY, MOBERLY, MO 65270-3634
833 E HWY 60, MONETT, MO 65708
809 STATE STREET, MOUND CITY, MO 64470
1820 N MAIN, MOUNTAIN GROVE, MO 65711
300 US HWY 60, MOUNTAIN VIEW, MO 65548
1089 E MOUNT VERNON BLVD, MT VERNON, MO 65712
708 NEOSHO BLVD, NEOSHO, MO 64850-2050
11971 US-71 ALT, NEOSHO, MO 64850
201 W AUSTIN BLVD, NEVADA, MO 64772-3343
425 BOONESLICK RD, NEW FLORENCE, MO 63363
401 W MOUNT VERNON ST, NIXA, MO 65714-0812
2200 VERNON STREET, NORTH KANSAS CITY, MO 64116-3252
4001 CRUSHER DRIVE, O FALLON, MO 63368
201 S BROADWAY, OAK GROVE, MO 64075-9630
201 W 40 HWY, ODESSA, MO 64076
101 MCDONALD LANE, O'FALLON, MO 63366-3013
1001 N MAIN ST, O'FALLON, MO 63366
962 BRYAN ROAD, O'FALLON, MO 63366
2915 HWY K, O'FALLON, MO 63366
2144 W TERRA LN, O'FALLON, MO 63366
9406 OLIVE STREET RD, OLIVETTE, MO 63132
4072 HIGHWAY 54, OSAGE BEACH, MO 65065
1100 KK HWY, OSAGE BEACH, MO 65065
8960 PAGE AVENUE, OVERLAND, MO 63114-6108
504 E LINCOLN, OWENSVILLE, MO 65066
401 N 21ST ST, OZARK, MO 65721

74

TELEPHONE
573-893-4921
573-636-9991
314-867-2886
417-623-1136
417-781-2044
417-782-2519
417-623-0362
417-623-2591
417-782-0990
816-941-7181
816-523-0400
816-444-8841
816-753-3840
816-453-3399
816-942-3410
816-587-6266
816-523-7111
816-849-6118
816-781-4466
816-413-8256
816-920-5336
816-923-2141
816-241-2450
816-861-7282
816-792-1126
816-241-9944
816-353-3900
816-931-4440
816-765-1426
816-741-5800
816-436-2398
816-436-7477
816-453-4583
816-931-4530
816-628-3442
573-888-9100
573-642-3111
660-665-5663
660-627-0334
314-966-3335
660-563-3546
573-365-6013
636-561-2808
417-682-3663
417-532-3653
417-532-6144
816-524-7239
816-537-4312
816-246-5156
816-524-5463
816-761-4000
660-259-3414
816-792-1122
573-897-0390
660-385-2263
573-276-6010
636-256-0027
573-238-4747
660-886-9030
417-859-4500
314-317-8880
660-582-8222
573-581-3070
573-481-1100
660-263-8820
417-235-3234
660-442-0184
417-926-4747
417-934-1501
417-466-7111
417-451-5991
417-451-2820
417-283-2080
573-835-2625
417-725-4939
816-471-6400
636-329-1551
816-690-7727
816-230-8360
636-240-8600
636-978-3649
636-339-2268
636-978-3155
636-332-2276
314-991-0037
573-348-3966
573-348-0566
314-426-3810
573-437-5437
417-581-2222

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
TERESA L MCGEEHAN
NOLAN RUIZ
NOLAN RUIZ
CHRISTINA HURST
JESSICA E LUCAS
ANDI HILBURN VAINI
CHRISTINA HURST
ALEXANDRA CLOSE-MAFFEI
JAMES W WAGY
STEPHANI L MARSHALL-RICE
ANDI HILBURN VAINI
ANDI HILBURN VAINI
DARREN SELLS
JANETH A KIRKHUFF
CHRISTOPHER LECORNU
MELISA A ESSIG
JILL M HILL
RYAN D BLUMENSTOCK
BRIAN M GREMAUD
JAMES W WAGY
WILLIAM F MCGEEHAN
AARON R WEINBAUM
DAVID WEINBAUM
JAMES ESTEL WILLIAMS, JR.
NOLAN RUIZ
JESSICA E LUCAS
AARON R WEINBAUM
CHARLES F MARSHALL
STEPHANI L MARSHALL-RICE
ANDI HILBURN VAINI
MARK J PROCTOR
ANDI HILBURN VAINI
JAMES W WAGY
RYAN D BLUMENSTOCK
RYAN D BLUMENSTOCK
ASHLEY KALIL
TERESA L MCGEEHAN
TERESA L MCGEEHAN
WILLIAM F MCGEEHAN
WILLIAM F MCGEEHAN
REX MCMILLAN
REX MCMILLAN
REX MCMILLAN
ANDREW RUPRECHT
ANDREW RUPRECHT
DAPHNE STEWART
PHILLIP M STOCKER
PHILLIP M STOCKER
PHILLIP M STOCKER
PHILLIP M STOCKER
MOHAMMED I MUSAJI
CHRISTOPHER D GIARLA
NOLAN RUIZ
NOLAN RUIZ
NOLAN RUIZ
MICHEL A AVERY
AARON R WEINBAUM
ETHAN ESSIG
MELISA A ESSIG
MELISA A ESSIG
MELISA A ESSIG
MELISA A ESSIG
MELISA A ESSIG
JAMES ESTEL WILLIAMS, JR.
JAMES ESTEL WILLIAMS, JR.
JAMES ESTEL WILLIAMS, JR.
JAMES ESTEL WILLIAMS, JR.
JAMES ESTEL WILLIAMS, JR.
JANETH A KIRKHUFF
JANETH A KIRKHUFF
MARK J PROCTOR
MARK J PROCTOR
MARK J PROCTOR
MARK J PROCTOR
MARK J PROCTOR
FRANCIS RUIZ
FRANCIS RUIZ
NOLAN RUIZ
NOLAN RUIZ
NOLAN RUIZ
CHRISTOPHER D GIARLA
CHRISTOPHER D GIARLA
CHRISTOPHER D GIARLA
CHRISTOPHER D GIARLA
NOLAN RUIZ
AARON R WEINBAUM
TERESA L MCGEEHAN
JODI C WARD
MICHEL A AVERY
ANDI HILBURN VAINI

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
5560 N 21ST ST, OZARK, MO 65721
1620 WEST UNION, PACIFIC, MO 63069-1270
5699 FOX CREEK RD, PACIFIC, MO 63069
1302 S PERRYVILLE BLVD, PERRYVILLE, MO 63775
1701 HIGHWAY Z, PEVELY, MO 63070-1314
1020 S MAIN ST, PIEDMONT, MO 63957-0245
201 HWY 21 N, PILOT KNOB, MO 63650
101 COLLEGE RD, PINEVILLE, MO 64856
2001 PRAIRIE VIEW RD, PLATTE CITY, MO 64079
400 N HWY 7, PLEASANT HILL, MO 64080
2783 N WESTWOOD BLVD, POPLAR BLUFF, MO 63901-2346
550 E HWY 53 AND 142, POPLAR BLUFF, MO 63901
200 HWY 162 E, PORTAGEVILLE, MO 63873
800 E HIGH ST, POTOSI, MO 63664
1120 W FOXWOOD DR, RAYMORE, MO 64083
8909 E 350 HWY, RAYTOWN, MO 64133
5260 BLUE RIDGE BLVD, RAYTOWN, MO 64133-3061
895 US HWY 60 E, REPUBLIC, MO 65738
498 SOUTH ST, RICHMOND, MO 64085
1304 HWY 136 W, ROCKPORT, MO 64482
409 SOUTH MILL STREET, ROGERSVILLE, MO 65742
3500 HY POINT BLVD, ROLLA, MO 65401
1106 KINGSHIGHWAY, ROLLA, MO 65401-2923
2321 UPPER BOTTOM RD, SAINT CHARLES, MO 63303
8860 ST CHARLES ROCK ROAD, SAINT LOUIS, MO 63114-4565
706 STE GENEVIEWE DRIVE, SAINTE GENEVIEVE, MO 63670
202 E SCENIC RIVERS BLVD, SALEM, MO 65560
1611 S LIMIT AVE, SEDALIA, MO 65301-6943
3101 W BROADWAY, SEDALIA, MO 65301-2116
1105 WEST STEEL ST, SEYMOUR, MO 65746
7259 WATSON RD, SHREWSBURY, MO 63119
1301 S MAIN, SIKESTON, MO 63801
1515 S 169 HWY, SMITHVILLE, MO 64089
3510 W CHESTNUT EXPY, SPRINGFIELD, MO 65802-5505
3740 W SUNSHINE ST, SPRINGFIELD, MO 65807
234 S NATIONAL AVENUE, SPRINGFIELD, MO 65802
4101 S CAMPBELL, SPRINGFIELD, MO 65807-5309
3250 E CHESTNUT EXPY, SPRINGFIELD, MO 65804
2512 E SUNSHINE, SPRINGFIELD, MO 65804-1825
2220 N GLENSTONE ROAD, SPRINGFIELD, MO 65803-4648
1114 WEST KEARNEY, SPRINGFIELD, MO 65803-1238
1717 W BATTLEFIELD, SPRINGFIELD, MO 65807
2811 N KANSAS EXPWY, SPRINGFIELD, MO 65803
501 W SUNSHINE, SPRINGFIELD, MO 65807-2435
1221 E KINGSLEY, SPRINGFIELD, MO 65807
4022 A WEST REPUBLIC ROAD, SPRINGFIELD, MO 65619
1607 E BATTLEFIELD RD, SPRINGFIELD, MO 65804-3705
528 S GLENSTONE, SPRINGFIELD, MO 65802
3320 E BATTLEFIELD RD, SPRINGFIELD, MO 65804-4049
2115 E INDEPENDENCE, SPRINGFIELD, MO 65804
10805 SAINT CHARLES ROCK RD, ST ANN, MO 63074
24 HARVESTER SQUARE, ST CHARLES, MO 63303
1160 S 5TH ST, ST CHARLES, MO 63301
1890 ZUMBEHL RD, ST CHARLES, MO 63303
3701 ELM ST, ST CHARLES, MO 63301
1450 N MAIN, ST CLAIR, MO 63077
108 N OUTER RD, ST JAMES, MO 65559
4219 S 169 HWY, ST JOSEPH, MO 64503
601 N BELT HWY, ST JOSEPH, MO 64506
3504 N BELT HWY, ST JOSEPH, MO 64506
3417 S BELT HWY, ST JOSEPH, MO 64506
6018 LAKE AVE, ST JOSEPH, MO 64506
1310 S RIVERSIDE, ST JOSEPH, MO 64507
4979 NATURAL BRIDGE RD, ST LOUIS, MO 63115
1119 N TUCKER, ST LOUIS, MO 63101
11111 BELLEFONTAINE RD, ST LOUIS, MO 63138
6100 N BROADWAY ST, ST LOUIS, MO 63147
7171 NATURAL BRIDGE RD, ST LOUIS, MO 63121
5537 TELEGRAPH RD, ST LOUIS, MO 63129
13050 TESSON FERRY RD, ST LOUIS, MO 63128
4620 SOUTH KINGSHIGHWAY, ST LOUIS, MO 63109
1420 HAMPTON AVENUE, ST LOUIS, MO 63139
4011 BAYLESS AVE, ST LOUIS, MO 63125
4200 HAMPTON AVE, ST LOUIS, MO 63139
1919 S JEFFERSON, ST LOUIS, MO 63104
10431 PAGE AVE, ST LOUIS, MO 63132
25 WESTPORT PLAZA DRIVE, ST LOUIS, MO 63146
4006 LINDELL BLVD, ST LOUIS, MO 63108
5904 S LINDBERGH BLVD, ST LOUIS, MO 63123
4407 LEMAY FERRY RD, ST LOUIS, MO 63129
299 MID RIVERS MALL DR, ST PETERS, MO 63376
7890 MEXICO RD, ST PETERS, MO 63376
199 SPENCER RD, ST PETERS, MO 63376
6251 MID RIVERS MALL DR, ST PETERS, MO 63304
3883 VETERANS MEMORIAL PKY, ST PETERS, MO 63376
381 HWY Z, ST ROBERT, MO 65584
333 E EVERGREEN RD, STRAFFORD, MO 65757
11700 E US HIGHWAY 24, SUGAR CREEK, MO 64054-1576
6 ES SERVICE ROAD, SULLIVAN, MO 63080
200 E WALNUT, THAYER, MO 65791

75

TELEPHONE
417-485-4050
636-257-1326
636-938-5191
573-547-1650
636-475-3477
573-223-7484
573-546-7608
417-226-0860
816-858-2100
816-540-7075
573-686-4939
573-776-7755
573-379-3771
573-438-8808
816-331-0836
816-358-5443
816-353-2950
417-732-1408
816-776-3711
660-744-6677
417-753-1900
573-426-6797
573-341-2180
816-892-2705
314-423-1050
573-883-2271
573-729-6178
660-827-2733
660-827-6411
417-935-9848
314-832-1869
573-471-3111
816-532-0014
417-865-9117
417-380-2603
417-831-0194
417-887-4101
417-832-8921
417-883-4841
417-869-9970
417-865-3166
417-886-1717
417-863-6850
417-866-1372
417-882-9454
417-887-6667
417-887-4466
417-831-5456
417-886-9111
417-890-0811
314-922-1909
636-441-6820
636-946-6157
636-947-0951
636-443-0554
636-629-3512
573-265-3917
816-364-0706
816-233-1454
816-232-1356
816-279-4441
816-238-2818
816-232-1407
314-381-1328
314-241-4402
314-741-7552
314-389-2803
314-381-3295
314-892-1310
314-843-7112
314-481-6715
314-781-8032
314-544-5151
314-352-1869
314-771-2575
314-428-4425
314-275-9999
314-534-3276
314-487-3548
314-892-0550
636-970-2675
636-397-5510
636-477-8220
636-928-6565
636-928-1085
573-336-3011
417-736-2232
816-254-8900
573-468-8113
417-264-2712

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
MELISA A ESSIG
JOAN E ELHOFFER
DEBORAH A KLAK
NOLAN RUIZ
NOLAN RUIZ
ANDI HILBURN VAINI
STEPHANI L MARSHALL-RICE
STEPHANI L MARSHALL-RICE
JOAN E ELHOFFER
STEPHANI L MARSHALL-RICE
MICHAEL T KLAK
AARON R WEINBAUM
THOMAS NICHOLS
MARK J PROCTOR
JOAN E ELHOFFER
JOAN E ELHOFFER
ANDI HILBURN VAINI
ANDI HILBURN VAINI
RYAN D BLUMENSTOCK
ANDI HILBURN VAINI
JOAN E ELHOFFER
JOSE C AYUYU
JOSE C AYUYU
ROBERT C TOMEY
ROBERT C TOMEY
HUNTER C BENSON
ROBERT MIGNOSI
ROBERT MIGNOSI
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.
RAYMOND E MASKER III
RAYMOND E MASKER III
JEFFREY H DESCHER
ELIZABETH SMITH
NICHOLAS J VALLUZZO
MARC A O'FERRALL
JOHN C VALLUZZO
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.
MARC A O'FERRALL
RONALD H WILLIAMS, JR.
RONALD H WILLIAMS, JR.
MARC A O'FERRALL
MARC A O'FERRALL
JONATHON TYLER GAMBLE
MYLES CROSS
RAYMOND E MASKER III
RONALD H WILLIAMS, JR.
ELIZABETH SMITH
MICHAEL J VALLUZZO
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.
PHILLIP C BIRD
GREGG DESCHER
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.
JEFFREY H DESCHER
JEFFREY H DESCHER
JEFFREY H DESCHER
JEFFREY H DESCHER
JEFFREY H DESCHER
JEFFREY H DESCHER
JEFFREY H DESCHER
CHAD WILLIAMS
CHAD WILLIAMS
CHAD WILLIAMS
RONALD H WILLIAMS, JR.
RONALD H WILLIAMS, JR.
JOHN C VALLUZZO
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.
ROBERT MIGNOSI
ROBERT MIGNOSI
ROBERT MIGNOSI
ROBERT C TOMEY
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.
HUNTER C BENSON
MICHAEL J VALLUZZO
MICHAEL J VALLUZZO
MYLES CROSS
MARC A O'FERRALL
MARC A O'FERRALL
MARC A O'FERRALL
MARC A O'FERRALL
JEREMY C ROACH
MELANIE E ROACH
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
1861 E 9TH ST, TRENTON, MO 64683
199 E HWY 47, TROY, MO 63379
1010 E MAIN ST, UNION, MO 63084-1492
8127 OLIVE STREET ROAD, UNIVERSITY CITY, MO 63130-2024
13600 BIG BEND ROAD, VALLEY PARK, MO 63088-1447
101 CURRENT RIVER EXPWY, VAN BUREN, MO 63965
1000 W NEWTON ST, VERSAILLES, MO 65084
311 E YOUNG, WARRENSBURG, MO 64093-1209
1003 N HWY 47, WARRENTON, MO 63383-1369
1890 COMMERCIAL DRIVE, WARSAW, MO 65355
1110 WASHINGTON SQUARE, WASHINGTON, MO 63090-5336
310 ICHORD AVE, WAYNESVILLE, MO 65583
410 S MADISON, WEBB CITY, MO 64870-2018
4 S OLD ORCHARD RD, WEBSTER GROVES, MO 63119-3203
766 W PEARCE, WENTZVILLE, MO 63385
1300 NEELA RD, WENTZVILLE, MO 63385
1315 PREACHER ROE BOULEVARD, WEST PLAINS, MO 65775-2939
1320 PORTER WAGNER BLVD, WEST PLAINS, MO 65775
650 HUNT ROAD, WILLARD, MO 65803
1310 E MAIN ST, WILLOW SPRINGS, MO 65793
647 W N SERVICE RD, WRIGHT CITY, MO 63390
CHALAN PALE ARNOLD ROAD, SAIPAN, MP 96950
BEACH ROAD, SAIPAN, MP 96950
201 HWY 45 N, ABERDEEN, MS 39730-2307
804 US 278 EE, AMORY, MS 38821
990 RIPLEY RD, BALDWYN, MS 38824-9752
302 HWY 6 E, BATESVILLE, MS 38606-2629
725 HWY 35 N, BATESVILLE, MS 38606
15846 US HWY 49, BELZONI, MS 39038
692 E BEACH BLVD, BILOXI, MS 39530
970 CEDAR LAKE RD, BILOXI, MS 39532
110 EISENHOWER DRIVE, BILOXI, MS 39531
802 N 2ND ST, BOONEVILLE, MS 38829
1860 SPILLWAY RD, BRANDON, MS 39042
132 STRIBLING LANE, BRANDON, MS 39042
952 BROOKWAY BLVD, BROOKHAVEN, MS 39601-2644
1427 W PEACE ST, CANTON, MS 39046
510 HWY 16 W, CARTHAGE, MS 39051
606 E MAIN ST, CHARLESTON, MS 38901
460 S STATE ST, CLARKSDALE, MS 38614
120 SOUTH DAVIS, CLEVELAND, MS 38732
474 SPRINGRIDGE RD, CLINTON, MS 39056-4852
3519 HIGHWAY 49, COLLINS, MS 39428
1055 HWY 98 EAST, COLUMBIA, MS 39429
1840 HWY 45 N, COLUMBUS, MS 39701
937 ALABAMA ST, COLUMBUS, MS 39702
1108 S CASS STREET, CORINTH, MS 38834
16170 HWY 27, CRYSTAL SPRINGS, MS 39059
10536 D'IBERVILLE BLVD, D'IBERVILLE, MS 39540
701 HILL ST, ELLISVILLE, MS 39437
788 VETERANS MEMORIAL BLVD, EUPORA, MS 39744
151 PROMENADE BLVD, FLOWOOD, MS 39232
327 WOODLAND DR, FOREST, MS 39074
1607 S ADAMS STREET, FULTON, MS 38843
2701 HWY 90 W, GAUTIER, MS 39553-5154
1651 MARTIN LUTHER KING JR BLVD SOUTH, GREENVILLE, MS 38701
1415 HWY 82 E, GREENVILLE, MS 38701
1800 HWY 82 W, GREENWOOD, MS 38930
2220 HWY 82 E, GREENWOOD, MS 38930
1319 SUNSET DR, GRENADA, MS 38901
9500 HWY 49, GULFPORT, MS 39503-4228
550 COURTHOUSE RD, GULFPORT, MS 39507-2505
11401 HWY 49 N, GULFPORT, MS 39503
1010 COWAN RD, GULFPORT, MS 39507
11167 LORRAINE RD, GULFPORT, MS 39503
1701 25TH AVENUE, GULFPORT, MS 39501
9240 COUNTY FARM ROAD, GULFPORT, MS 39503
3111 HARDY ST, HATTIESBURG, MS 39401-7058
811 BROADWAY DR, HATTIESBURG, MS 39401-7532
6579 US HIGHWAY 49 N, HATTIESBURG, MS 39401-8948
4900 W HARDY ST, HATTIESBURG, MS 39402
6442 US HWY 98, HATTIESBURG, MS 39402
28069 HIGHWAY 28, HAZLEHURST, MS 39083-2104
440 E COMMERCE, HERNANDO, MS 38632
120 CLARICE DRIVE, HOLLY SPRINGS, MS 38635
1512 GOODMAN RD, HORN LAKE, MS 38637
4170 FOUNTAIN LANE, HORN LAKE, MS 38637
338 N JACKSON ST, HOUSTON, MS 38851
907 HIGHWAY 82 E, INDIANOLA, MS 38751
1712 BATTLEGROUND DRIVE, IUKA, MS 38852
3903 HANGING MOSS ROAD, JACKSON, MS 39206-4710
1741 LAKELAND DRIVE, JACKSON, MS 39216
5799 TERRY RD, JACKSON, MS 39272
2465 HWY 80 W, JACKSON, MS 39204
595 E BEASLEY RD, JACKSON, MS 39206-3044
5669 HWY 18, JACKSON, MS 39209
2520 GALLATIN ST, JACKSON, MS 39204
4675 CLINTON BLVD, JACKSON, MS 39209
1010 N STATE ST, JACKSON, MS 39202
130 HWY 12 W, KOSCIUSKO, MS 39090-1246

76

TELEPHONE
660-359-6738
636-462-5710
636-583-6060
314-994-1435
636-861-7080
573-323-8830
573-378-4961
660-747-2023
636-456-3099
660-438-7612
636-239-7232
573-774-6671
417-673-1451
314-962-7329
636-332-8800
636-327-0444
417-256-8175
417-257-2218
417-742-0200
417-469-4161
636-745-8207
670-235-8577
670-233-8577
662-369-9886
662-257-9600
662-365-7500
662-563-8693
601-519-0951
662-247-0093
228-435-5106
228-396-0927
228-388-0112
662-728-3550
601-992-5655
601-939-3314
601-833-1325
601-859-0610
601-267-9215
662-647-8797
662-627-1100
662-846-6722
601-924-1644
601-765-2210
601-731-2321
662-328-9444
662-328-1515
662-287-2398
601-919-6371
228-392-5036
601-477-8940
662-258-5905
601-919-0363
601-469-2041
662-862-7696
228-497-6227
662-378-3290
662-332-8311
662-455-2307
662-455-0004
662-226-4143
228-868-2073
228-896-8537
228-832-5713
228-896-5111
228-831-0553
228-575-9141
228-832-1985
601-264-3605
601-544-6768
601-268-2275
601-261-3215
601-288-7767
601-894-1050
662-429-4433
662-252-7788
662-342-1196
662-985-8107
662-456-9661
662-887-3510
662-424-9588
601-321-0680
601-362-6304
601-371-8749
601-948-4060
601-956-9422
601-922-0510
601-352-0195
601-922-8500
601-973-9002
662-289-1673

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
CHAD WILLIAMS
CHAD WILLIAMS
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.
JEFFREY H DESCHER
MARC A O'FERRALL
GREGG DESCHER
MARC A O'FERRALL
MARC A O'FERRALL
RONALD H WILLIAMS, JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.
JOHN C VALLUZZO
JOHN C VALLUZZO
JOHN C VALLUZZO
STEVE A MURRAY
STEVE A MURRAY
VALERIE N REEVES
VALERIE N REEVES
MYLES CROSS
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.
GREGG DESCHER
MELANIE E ROACH
MELANIE E ROACH
MICHAEL J VALLUZZO
STEVE A MURRAY
RAYMOND E MASKER III
GREGG DESCHER
GREGG DESCHER
ROBERT MIGNOSI
ROBERT MIGNOSI
ELIZABETH SMITH
ELIZABETH SMITH
GREGG DESCHER
GREGG DESCHER
MARC A O'FERRALL
RONALD H WILLIAMS, JR.
VICKI L MURRAY
JOHN C VALLUZZO
JOHN C VALLUZZO
NICHOLAS J VALLUZZO
JOHN C VALLUZZO
MELANIE E ROACH
CHAD WILLIAMS
VALERIE N REEVES
MARC A O'FERRALL
MICHAEL J VALLUZZO
NICHOLAS J VALLUZZO
HUNTER C BENSON
NICHOLAS J VALLUZZO
CHAD WILLIAMS
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.
ROBERT MIGNOSI
ROBERT MIGNOSI
ROBERT MIGNOSI
MARC A O'FERRALL
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.
MICHAEL J VALLUZZO
MICHAEL J VALLUZZO
NICHOLAS J VALLUZZO
NICHOLAS J VALLUZZO
ELIZABETH SMITH
RONALD H WILLIAMS, JR.
MELANIE E ROACH
MELANIE E ROACH
MELANIE E ROACH
CRYSTAL R MARKS
CRYSTAL R MARKS
CHAD WILLIAMS
MARC A O'FERRALL
GREGG DESCHER
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.
MELISSA CRAWSHAW
NICHOLAS SNOWBERGER
CHRISTOPHER D NEWBURY
CHRISTOPHER D NEWBURY
JOHN NEWBURY
JOHN NEWBURY
JOHN NEWBURY
JOHN NEWBURY
JOHN NEWBURY
JOHN NEWBURY
NICHOLAS SNOWBERGER
NICHOLAS SNOWBERGER
MELISSA CRAWSHAW
MELISSA CRAWSHAW
JOHN NEWBURY
TRASHAE L MIRADOR
MELISSA CRAWSHAW
MELISSA CRAWSHAW

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
304 BEACON ST, LAUREL, MS 39440-4446
1602 HWY 15 N, LAUREL, MS 39440
1002 HIGHWAY 82 EAST, LELAND, MS 38756
228 E BEACH BLVD, LONG BEACH, MS 39560-6114
962 W MAIN ST, LOUISVILLE, MS 39339
12135 HWY 63 S, LUCEDALE, MS 39452-2908
14951 HIGHWAY 45, MACON, MS 39341
1040 US HWY 51, MADISON, MS 39110-9084
1550 SIMPSON HWY 49, MAGEE, MS 39111
217 MARTIN LUTHER KING JR DR, MARKS, MS 38646
320 DELAWARE AVE, MCCOMB, MS 39648
101 EDGEWOOD DR, MCCOMB, MS 39648
1119 AIRPORT FERNWOOD ROAD, MCCOMB, MS 39648
1736 N FRONTAGE RD, MERIDIAN, MS 39301-6154
720 HWY 19 N, MERIDIAN, MS 39305
2104 N HILLS ST, MERIDIAN, MS 39305
516 HWY 19 S, MERIDIAN, MS 39301-4617
140 W BROAD STREET, MONTICELLO, MS 39654
2086 HIGHWAY 13 S, MORTON, MS 39117
6724 HIGHWAY 63, MOSS POINT, MS 39563-9568
515 HWY 61 N, NATCHEZ, MS 39120
55 SGT PRENTISS DRIVE, NATCHEZ, MS 39120
199 HWY 30 W, NEW ALBANY, MS 38652
224 EASTSIDE DR, NEWTON, MS 39345
7501 WASHINGTON AVE, OCEAN SPRINGS, MS 39564
3919 BIENVILLE BLVD, OCEAN SPRINGS, MS 39564
1323 BIENVILLE BLVD, OCEAN SPRINGS, MS 39564
7455 GOODMAN RD, OLIVE BRANCH, MS 38654
7150 HACKS CROSS RD, OLIVE BRANCH, MS 38654
1900 UNIVERSITY AVE, OXFORD, MS 38655-4114
1803 JACKSON AVE W, OXFORD, MS 38655
3227 DENNY AVE, PASCAGOULA, MS 39581
3026 MARKET ST, PASCAGOULA, MS 39567
402 RIVERWIND DR, PEARL, MS 39208
6 PARKWAY LANE, PETAL, MS 39465
1691 HWY 16 W, PHILADELPHIA, MS 39350
2301 HWY 11 N, PICAYUNE, MS 39466
1503 HIGHWAY 43 S, PICAYUNE, MS 39466
145 HWY 15 BYP N, PONTOTOC, MS 38863-1914
4680 HWY 53, POPLARVILLE, MS 39470
1144 HWY 61 N, PORT GIBSON, MS 39150
5772 US HWY 11, PURVIS, MS 39475
405 SOUTH ARCHUSA AVE, QUITMAN, MS 39355
1196 HWY 49 S, RICHLAND, MS 39218-9446
1604 E COUNTY LINE ROAD, RIDGELAND, MS 39157
349 HWY 51, RIDGELAND, MS 39157
202 HWY 15 N, RIPLEY, MS 38663
2555 HWY 145, SALTILLO, MS 38866
182 CLAIBORNE ROAD, SANDERSVILLE, MS 39477
605 E LEE STREET, SARDIS, MS 38666
203 NORFLEET DR, SENATOBIA, MS 38668-2223
65 GOODMAN RD W, SOUTHAVEN, MS 38671
4952 PEPPERCHASE DR, SOUTHAVEN, MS 38671
6828 GETWELL RD, SOUTHAVEN, MS 38672
505 HIGHWAY 12 E, STARKVILLE, MS 39759
1375 HIGHWAY 61 N, TUNICA, MS 38676
2465 W MAIN STREET, TUPELO, MS 38803
519 S GLOSTER ST, TUPELO, MS 38801
3835 N GLOSTER, TUPELO, MS 38801-0914
3670 S EASON BLVD, TUPELO, MS 38804
4601 MCCULLOUGH BLVD, TUPELO, MS 38801
4872 PLAZA DR, TYLERTOWN, MS 39667
2237 N FRONTAGE RD, VICKSBURG, MS 39180-5129
2400 CLAY ST, VICKSBURG, MS 39180
2316 IOWA BOULEVARD, VICKSBURG, MS 39180
302 HIGHWAY 90, WAVELAND, MS 39576-2672
460 HWY 90 (WM #1195), WAVELAND, MS 39576
809 AZALEA DR, WAYNESBORO, MS 39367-2720
143 HIGHWAY 45 SOUTH, WEST POINT, MS 39773-2705
1220 W CENTRAL AVE, WIGGINS, MS 39577
318 HIGHWAY 82, WINONA, MS 38967
718 E 15TH STREET, YAZOO CITY, MS 39194
150 VAN BUREN ST, ANACONDA, MT 59711
207 JEFFERSON ST, BELGRADE, MT 59714
3003 GRAND AVE, BILLINGS, MT 59102
910 SHILOH CROSSING BLVD, BILLINGS, MT 59102
1046 GRAND AVE, BILLINGS, MT 59102-3304
2333 CENTRAL AVE, BILLINGS, MT 59102-4646
4902 SOUTHGATE DR, BILLINGS, MT 59102
401 MAIN ST, BILLINGS, MT 59105
2711 FRONTAGE ROAD, BILLINGS, MT 59101
525 WICKS LANE, BILLINGS, MT 59105
1503 W MAIN, BOZEMAN, MT 59715-4009
822 WHEAT DR, BOZEMAN, MT 59715-2560
3001 HARRISON AVENUE, BUTTE, MT 59701-3640
1000 GRIZZLEY TRAIL, BUTTE, MT 59701
601 E 8TH AVE N, COLUMBUS, MT 59019
601 W MAIN ST, CUT BANK, MT 59427-2829
133 N INTERCHANGE, DEER LODGE, MT 59722
576 N MONTANA STREET, DILLON, MT 59725

77

TELEPHONE
601-425-4811
601-649-0788
662-686-4748
228-214-4092
662-773-9637
601-947-2284
662-726-2223
601-856-4922
601-849-2038
662-326-5178
601-684-8033
601-684-3120
601-250-4503
601-693-6053
601-483-2261
601-482-3007
601-485-2830
601-587-8438
601-732-1416
228-475-0515
601-442-1118
601-442-4787
662-534-2200
601-683-3400
228-875-7824
228-875-0248
228-875-2331
662-893-2900
662-890-7885
662-234-3800
662-236-6600
228-769-5195
228-762-6823
601-939-0161
601-544-9500
601-656-0082
601-799-2262
601-798-8223
662-489-6100
601-795-8131
601-437-3006
601-744-0140
601-776-6288
601-932-5441
601-398-1658
601-853-0624
662-837-0233
662-869-7748
601-649-8757
662-487-0101
662-562-4500
662-349-3449
662-796-2000
662-349-0040
662-323-1706
662-357-0582
662-841-6800
662-844-5505
662-680-3600
662-842-9600
662-842-2911
601-876-6009
601-638-6561
601-638-5409
601-638-5419
228-467-1294
228-463-8919
601-735-0042
662-494-2904
601-928-5362
662-283-4111
662-746-6386
406-563-2218
406-388-1863
406-652-5276
406-652-5652
406-245-6939
406-652-3511
406-259-0921
406-259-5119
406-256-6315
406-248-3763
406-587-2506
406-586-6756
406-494-4168
406-782-2565
406-322-5772
406-873-2341
406-846-3775
406-683-0047

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
EMMANUEL LEON
WILLIAM J HIMMELBERG, III
WILLIAM J HIMMELBERG, III
WILLIAM J HIMMELBERG, IV
NICHOLAS SNOWBERGER
JOHN NEWBURY
WILLIAM J HIMMELBERG, IV
NICHOLAS SNOWBERGER
NICHOLAS SNOWBERGER
DONALD L JAHNKE
DONALD L JAHNKE
DONALD L JAHNKE
JOHN NEWBURY
STEVEN M PETERSON
DONALD L JAHNKE
NICHOLAS SNOWBERGER
NICHOLAS SNOWBERGER
JOHN NEWBURY
NICHOLAS SNOWBERGER
NICHOLAS SNOWBERGER
NICHOLAS SNOWBERGER
NICHOLAS SNOWBERGER
NICHOLAS SNOWBERGER
MELISSA CRAWSHAW
MELISSA CRAWSHAW
EMMANUEL LEON
NICHOLAS SNOWBERGER
DONALD L JAHNKE
EMMANUEL LEON
CHRISTAL V COLE
RON BAILEY, JR.
BILL M TAYLOR
RON BAILEY, JR.
RON BAILEY, JR.
THOMAS E HAYNIE
THOMAS E HAYNIE
THOMAS E HAYNIE
ANTHONY P DELLIGATTI
SHERMAN FAN
RON BAILEY, JR.
SHERMAN FAN
SHERMAN FAN
SHERMAN FAN
SHERMAN FAN
SHERMAN FAN
CHRISTINE E NEVANT
CHRISTINE E NEVANT
CHRISTINE E NEVANT
CHRISTINE E NEVANT
WILLIAM H PURCELL
DANIEL CHAPMAN
HEATHER JOYNER
WILLIAM H PURCELL
JEFFREY S STANTON
GAFFNEY W GUNTER II
GAFFNEY W GUNTER II
STEVEN CHAPMAN
RON BAILEY, JR.
CHRISTINE E NEVANT
JEFFREY S STANTON
HEATHER JOYNER
TERESA W EDWARDS
KATE LIMA-RAPPS
STEVEN CHAPMAN
ADRIAN T SMITH
ADRIAN T SMITH
ADRIAN T SMITH
ADRIAN T SMITH
JIM W SMITH
HEATHER JOYNER
JEFFREY A ENDRUSICK
TERESA W EDWARDS
TERESA W EDWARDS
WILLIAM H PURCELL
DENNIS ANDERSON
CHRISTAL V COLE
DAVID W ANDERSON
DAVID W ANDERSON
DAVID W ANDERSON
DAVID W ANDERSON
DAVID W ANDERSON
DENNIS ANDERSON
DENNIS ANDERSON
REX WILLOUGHBY
REX WILLOUGHBY
REX WILLOUGHBY
JOSEPH A AHUMADA
JOSEPH A AHUMADA
JOSEPH A AHUMADA
JOSEPH A AHUMADA

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
505 1ST AVE N, GLASGOW, MT 59230
1721 10TH AVENUE S, GREAT FALLS, MT 59405
1710 3RD STREET NW, GREAT FALLS, MT 59404
2000 14TH STREET SW, GREAT FALLS, MT 59404
707 N FIRST STREET, HAMILTON, MT 59840-2133
1225 N CRAWFORD, HARDIN, MT 59034
331 W 1ST, HAVRE, MT 59501-3409
1901 PROSPECT AVE, HELENA, MT 59601-3180
3060 N MONTANA AVE, HELENA, MT 59601-0551
1110 HWY 2 W, KALISPELL, MT 59901-3410
2065 HWY 2 E, KALISPELL, MT 59901
2310 US HIGHWAY 93 NORTH, KALISPELL, MT 59901
301 SE 4TH STREET, LAUREL, MT 59044
907 W MAIN, LEWISTOWN, MT 59457-2401
905 LOUISIANA AVE, LIBBY, MT 59923-2109
103 CENTENNIAL DR, LIVINGSTON, MT 59047
11882 HWY 93 SOUTH, LOLO, MT 59847
1120 S HAYNES, MILES CITY, MT 59301-5728
3310 BROOKS ST, MISSOULA, MT 59801-8290
720 E BROADWAY, MISSOULA, MT 59802-4610
1565 LIBERTY LN, MISSOULA, MT 59808
4560 N RESERVE ST, MISSOULA, MT 59808
8745 HIGHWAY 93 NORTH, MISSOULA, MT 59808
51154 US HWY 93, POLSON, MT 59860-9729
63880 US HWY 93, RONAN, MT 59864
1550 SOUTH CENTRAL AVE, SIDNEY, MT 59270-5519
100 S CANYON, WEST YELLOWSTONE, MT 59758
6495 HWY 93 S, WHITEFISH, MT 59937-8238
303 HWY 2 W, WOLF POINT, MT 59201
1703 NORTH SANDHILLS BLVD, ABERDEEN, NC 28315
117 NC HWY 801 N, ADVANCE, NC 27006
1486 E MEMORIAL DR, AHOSKIE, NC 27910
1820 E MAIN ST, ALBEMARLE, NC 28001
1906 US HWY 52 N, ALBEMARLE, NC 28001-8505
52 S RALEIGH STREET, ANGIER, NC 27501
900 US HWY 64, APEX, NC 27523
830 E WILLIAMS ST, APEX, NC 27502
10057 N MAIN ST, ARCHDALE, NC 27263
382 LONG SHOALS RD, ARDEN, NC 28704
1415 E DIXIE DR, ASHEBORO, NC 27203
51 TUNNEL RD, ASHEVILLE, NC 28805
35 HENDERSONVILLE RD, ASHEVILLE, NC 28803
755 MERRIMON AVE, ASHEVILLE, NC 28804
950 PATTON AVE, ASHEVILLE, NC 28806
1721 HENDERSONVILLE RD, ASHEVILLE, NC 28803
401 SMOKEY PARK HWY, ASHEVILLE, NC 28806
800 FAIRVIEW RD, ASHEVILLE, NC 28803
850 BREVARD RD, ASHEVILLE, NC 28806
343 NEW LEICESTER HWY, ASHEVILLE, NC 28806
301 W FORT MACON BLVD, ATLANTIC BEACH, NC 28512
125 HWY 1O2 W, AYDEN, NC 28513
3980 N CAROLINE NC 105, BANNER ELK, NC 28604
1600 LIVE OAK STREET, BEAUFORT, NC 28516
505 N MAIN ST, BELMONT, NC 28012-3130
600 E MAIN ST, BENSON, NC 27504
27 CRAPE MYRTLE DRIVE, BENSON, NC 27504
207 W MAIN ST, BEULAVILLE, NC 28518
NC HIGHWAY 24/27, BISCOE, NC 27209
500 NC HWY 9, BLACK MOUNTAIN, NC 28711
213 SOUTH MAIN STREET, BOILING SPRINGS, NC 28152
896 BLOWING ROCK RD, BOONE, NC 28607
251 ASHEVILLE HWY, BREVARD, NC 28712
180 VETERANS BLVD, BRYSON CITY, NC 28713
751 NC HWY 53 EAST, BURGAW, NC 28425
1829 N CHURCH ST, BURLINGTON, NC 27215
1904 WEST WEBB AVE, BURLINGTON, NC 27217
535 HUFFMAN MILL RD, BURLINGTON, NC 27215
1471 UNIVERSITY DRIVE, BURLINGTON, NC 27215
3446 S CHURCH STREET, BURLINGTON, NC 27215
290 W US HWY 19 E, BURNSVILLE, NC 28714
1543 NC HIGHWAY 56, BUTNER, NC 27522
14 PLAZA LOOP, CANTON, NC 28716-4251
702 CHAMPION DR, CANTON, NC 28716
100 MANATEE ST, CAPE CARTERET, NC 28584
220 LAKE PARK BLVD, CAROLINA BEACH, NC 28428
950 MONROE STREET, CARTHAGE, NC 28327
1299 KILDARE FARM RD, CARY, NC 27511
1805 N HARRISON AVE, CARY, NC 27511
1831 WALNUT ST, CARY, NC 27511
3494 KILDAIRE FARM RD, CARY, NC 27518
4980 CARY GLEN BOULEVARD, CARY, NC 27519
869 E MAYNARD RD, CARY, NC 27511
4801 SW CARY PKY, CARY, NC 27511
409 W FRANKLIN ST, CHAPEL HILL, NC 27516
1748 N FORDHAM BLVD, CHAPEL HILL, NC 27514
11460 US 15-501 N, CHAPEL HILL, NC 27517
2745 FREEDOM DR, CHARLOTTE, NC 28208
1035 N WENDOVER, CHARLOTTE, NC 28211
2301 CENTRAL AVE, CHARLOTTE, NC 28205
8038 S TRYON ST, CHARLOTTE, NC 28273

78

TELEPHONE
406-228-2881
406-761-7755
406-761-7758
406-727-5988
406-363-6644
406-665-2263
406-265-1831
406-442-5252
406-442-2600
406-755-7161
406-257-2065
406-755-0006
406-628-6695
406-535-8178
406-293-4085
406-222-6182
406-273-4870
406-234-0775
406-728-4291
406-728-8692
406-728-0743
406-728-0700
406-327-9000
406-883-4125
406-676-8585
406-433-1983
406-646-4592
406-862-6650
406-653-1788
910-944-7280
336-940-6344
252-332-4890
704-983-1711
704-982-1096
919-639-3354
919-380-0906
919-303-1200
336-875-4184
828-651-4467
336-318-0064
828-254-6715
828-274-2308
828-252-8075
828-252-5006
828-277-7827
828-667-4698
828-298-8616
828-665-4860
828-285-8929
252-726-3443
252-746-7858
828-898-9677
252-728-6147
704-825-9711
919-894-8503
919-934-2037
910-298-4455
910-428-4457
828-669-5062
704-434-5512
828-264-0926
828-884-2244
828-488-8885
910-259-7977
336-227-3646
336-226-9288
336-584-7700
336-584-4014
336-585-0046
828-682-2554
919-528-4055
828-648-6399
828-235-1960
252-393-6710
910-458-5918
910-947-6007
919-469-3519
919-677-1424
919-233-0080
919-363-9960
919-462-9904
919-467-3883
919-481-1500
919-967-5788
919-969-7944
919-929-8377
704-392-3694
704-362-3748
704-375-7587
704-588-4478

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
MASHOOR AWAD
MASHOOR AWAD
MASHOOR AWAD
RON BAILEY, JR.
ANN FOX BAUM
ANN FOX BAUM
CLARENCE KUTHAN, JR.
MARTIN RANFT, II
MARTIN RANFT, II
MARTIN RANFT, II
ADRIAN T SMITH
ADRIAN T SMITH
ADRIAN T SMITH
ADRIAN T SMITH
ADRIAN T SMITH
ADRIAN T SMITH
ADRIAN T SMITH
ADRIAN T SMITH
JEFFREY S STANTON
JEFFREY S STANTON
JEFFREY S STANTON
JEFFREY S STANTON
RONALD ZAREK
RONALD ZAREK
RONALD ZAREK
JOSHUA M RANFT
JOSHUA M RANFT
JOSHUA M RANFT
JASON W SAYLOR
JASON W SAYLOR
JASON W SAYLOR
JASON W SAYLOR
WILLIAM H PURCELL
CLARENCE KUTHAN, JR.
REX WILLOUGHBY
REX WILLOUGHBY
RON BAILEY, JR.
STEVEN CHAPMAN
STEVEN CHAPMAN
JEFFREY S STANTON
MASHOOR AWAD
MASHOOR AWAD
MASHOOR AWAD
MASHOOR AWAD
MASHOOR AWAD
ADRIAN T SMITH
JOHN R LINK
JOHN R LINK
SHAWN KUTHAN
BILL M TAYLOR
MASHOOR AWAD
MASHOOR AWAD
SHAWN KUTHAN
KAREN E GAINEY
GAFFNEY W GUNTER II
THOMAS E HAYNIE
ANDREW MARTIN, JR.
CHARLES A REID
CHARLES A REID
CHARLES A REID
CHARLES A REID
WILLIAM O RICHARDS
ANDREW WELBURN
ANDREW WELBURN
ANDREW WELBURN
ANDREW WELBURN
ANDREW WELBURN
ANDREW WELBURN
REX WILLOUGHBY
ADRIAN T SMITH
GEORGE B TAYLOR
BILL M TAYLOR
BILL M TAYLOR
BILL M TAYLOR
DANIEL CHAPMAN
KAREN E GAINEY
STEVEN CHAPMAN
JOSEPH D POWELL, JR.
ADAM K GHADIMIAN
ADAM K GHADIMIAN
ADAM K GHADIMIAN
ADAM K GHADIMIAN
ANDREW MARTIN, JR.
ANDREW MARTIN, JR.
ANDREW MARTIN, JR.
ANDREW MARTIN, JR.
ANDREW MARTIN, JR.
ANDREW MARTIN, JR.
TERESA W EDWARDS
CHRISTINE E NEVANT

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
2518 BEATTIES FORD RD, CHARLOTTE, NC 28216
8900 J M KEYNES DR, CHARLOTTE, NC 28262
6225 W SUGAR CREEK RD, CHARLOTTE, NC 28269
5005 SUNSET LN, CHARLOTTE, NC 28269
6428 FAIRVIEW RD, CHARLOTTE, NC 28210
14110 RIVERGATE PARKWAY, CHARLOTTE, NC 28273
2603 SAM WILSON RD, CHARLOTTE, NC 28214
4440 S TRYON ST, CHARLOTTE, NC 28210
413 TYVOLA RD, CHARLOTTE, NC 28217
7051 SOUTH BLVD, CHARLOTTE, NC 28210
6301 ALBEMARLE RD, CHARLOTTE, NC 28212
5800 E WT HARRIS BLVD, CHARLOTTE, NC 28215
8121 UNIVERSITY CITY BLVD, CHARLOTTE, NC 28213
1620 SARDIS RD, CHARLOTTE, NC 28209
9320 STEELE CREEK ROAD, CHARLOTTE, NC 28273
720 MERIDIAN CENTER, CHARLOTTE, NC 28212
9414 NORTHLAKE WEST DR, CHARLOTTE, NC 28216
10720 WOODLAND BEAVER RD, CHARLOTTE, NC 28215
9725 CALLABRIDGE CT, CHARLOTTE, NC 28216
2625 SOUTH BLVD, CHARLOTTE, NC 28209
2820 BOYER ST, CHARLOTTE, NC 28208
2851 SONOMA VALLEY DR, CHARLOTTE, NC 28214
1201 W SUGAR CREEK RD, CHARLOTTE, NC 28213
3058 EASTWAY DR, CHARLOTTE, NC 28205
5635 N TRYON ST, CHARLOTTE, NC 28213
3315 PINEVILLE MATTHEWS RD, CHARLOTTE, NC 28226
9710 REA ROAD, CHARLOTTE, NC 28277-6663
11620 WAVERLY CENTER DRIVE, CHARLOTTE, NC 28105
8824 PINEVILLE MATTHEWS RD, CHARLOTTE, NC 28226
9505 SOUTH BOULEVARD, CHARLOTTE, NC 28273
7721 PINEVILLE MATTHEWS RD, CHARLOTTE, NC 28226
8560 PARK ROAD, CHARLOTTE, NC 28210
100 WOODSIDE DR (MARINE CORPS STATION), CHERRY POINT, NC 28532
1000 E CHURCH ST, CHERRYVILLE, NC 28021
11351 US 70 BUSINESS HIGHWAY WEST, CLAYTON, NC 27520
24 FLOWERS COMMERCE DRIVE, CLAYTON, NC 27527
2470 LEWISVILLE CLEMMONS RD, CLEMMONS, NC 27012
418 SOUTHEAST BLVD, CLINTON, NC 28328
1429 SUNSET AVE, CLINTON, NC 28328
300 W MILLS STREET, COLUMBUS, NC 28722
1511 HWY 29 N, CONCORD, NC 28025
730 CABARRUS AVE W, CONCORD, NC 28027
7810 LYLES LANE, CONCORD, NC 28027
4550 B DAVIDSON HWY, CONCORD, NC 28027
3405 US HIGHWAY 601 S, CONCORD, NC 28025-0490
3020 DERITA ROAD, CONCORD, NC 28027
717 CONOVER BLVD, CONOVER, NC 28613
1380 FAIRGROVE CHURCH RD, CONOVER, NC 28613
20500 TORRENCE CHAPEL RD, CORNELIUS, NC 28031
2859 CARATOKE HWY, CURRITUCK, NC 27929
3117 DALLAS HI-SHOALS HWY, DALLAS, NC 28034
11198 DAVIDSON HWY, DAVIDSON, NC 28036
171 NC HWY 16, DENVER, NC 28037
512 E ATKINS STREET, DOBSON, NC 27017
1185 E CUMBERLAND STREET, DUNN, NC 28334
1726 W CUMBERLAND, DUNN, NC 28334
5507 S MIAMI BLVD, DURHAM, NC 27703
2010 N ROXBORO ROAD, DURHAM, NC 27704-4339
4301 N ROXBORO RD, DURHAM, NC 27704
2700 GUESS RD, DURHAM, NC 27705
5277 N ROXBORO ROAD, DURHAM, NC 27712
106 BRYAN CTR, DURHAM, NC 27708
1010 N MIAMI BLVD, DURHAM, NC 27703
4717 APEX HWY, DURHAM, NC 27713-2256
1708 NEW RALEIGH HWY, DURHAM, NC 27703
3117 TOWER BLVD, DURHAM, NC 27707
3533 HILLSBOROUGH RD, DURHAM, NC 27705
3844 S ROXBORO STREET, DURHAM, NC 27713
204 W NC HWY 54, DURHAM, NC 27713
640 S VAN BUREN RD, EDEN, NC 27288
310 VIRGINIA RD, EDENTON, NC 27932
1316 W EHRINGHAUS ST, ELIZABETH CITY, NC 27909
1321 N ROAD ST, ELIZABETH CITY, NC 27909-3389
105 TANGLEWOOD DRIVE, ELIZABETH CITY, NC 27909
402 S POPLAR ST, ELIZABETHTOWN, NC 28337
479 CC CAMP ROAD, ELKIN, NC 28621
500 NORTH WALNUT STREET, FAIRMONT, NC 28340
3410 COOPERATIVE WAY, FARMVILLE, NC 27828
3815 RAMSEY ST, FAYETTEVILLE, NC 28311-7640
3701 BRAGG BLVD, FAYETTEVILLE, NC 28301
5090 NC HIGHWAY 87 SOUTH, FAYETTEVILLE, NC 28306
6415 RAMSEY STREET, FAYETTEVILLE, NC 28311
1900 SKIBO ROAD, FAYETTEVILLE, NC 28314-1540
5009 SANTA FE DR, FAYETTEVILLE, NC 28303
1942 PAMALEE DR, FAYETTEVILLE, NC 28301
810 S REILLY RD, FAYETTEVILLE, NC 28314
6779 RAEFORD RD, FAYETTEVILLE, NC 28303
7770 GOOD MIDDLING DRIVE, FAYETTEVILLE, NC 28304
101 COMMERCIAL BLVD, FLAT ROCK, NC 28731
525 AIRPORT RD, FLETCHER, NC 28732

79

TELEPHONE
704-392-1125
704-547-1463
704-921-0681
704-596-0954
704-362-0676
704-504-2199
704-395-6008
704-523-6334
704-523-2779
704-553-8037
704-535-5355
704-567-9433
704-596-0400
704-844-9707
704-583-9274
704-536-2991
704-392-6997
704-215-4026
704-398-2221
704-523-7391
704-399-1225
704-259-7544
704-596-7501
704-567-6549
704-509-0512
704-543-8279
704-759-9151
980-299-7510
704-542-2546
704-554-9144
704-544-5711
704-553-3738
252-444-2269
704-435-5678
919-553-5480
919-243-8106
336-766-6509
910-592-8484
910-592-3631
828-894-2827
704-786-1821
704-788-2703
704-979-0298
704-721-0808
704-788-2133
704-510-1666
828-465-1611
828-464-8551
704-892-8791
252-232-2514
704-922-8335
704-439-0167
704-820-0508
336-386-8395
910-891-1293
910-892-5553
919-474-8809
919-220-4074
919-477-7954
919-471-9669
919-471-9645
919-668-2404
919-530-8510
919-572-6408
919-596-7706
919-490-6209
919-383-6989
919-484-0953
919-806-1345
336-627-1045
252-482-8072
252-335-2261
252-335-7122
252-335-0435
910-862-2648
336-526-1086
910-535-4166
252-753-4064
910-488-4773
910-487-5252
910-485-7373
910-480-0104
910-864-0720
910-867-7419
910-822-8192
910-864-9631
910-868-9710
910-864-4411
828-692-4411
828-654-0031

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
JEFFREY S STANTON
JEFFREY S STANTON
GAFFNEY W GUNTER II
KATE LIMA-RAPPS
KATE LIMA-RAPPS
RAMON SANTOS
GAFFNEY W GUNTER II
REX WILLOUGHBY
REX WILLOUGHBY
REX WILLOUGHBY
MASHOOR AWAD
MASHOOR AWAD
MASHOOR AWAD
ADRIAN T SMITH
JEFFREY S STANTON
GAFFNEY W GUNTER II
GAFFNEY W GUNTER II
DANIEL CHAPMAN
DANIEL CHAPMAN
STEVEN CHAPMAN
ADRIAN T SMITH
BILL M TAYLOR
CHRISTINE E NEVANT
WILLIAM H PURCELL
CONSTANCE SMITH
DICKIE E BRITT, II
DICKIE E BRITT, II
DICKIE E BRITT, II
RYAN S LANG
ADRIAN T SMITH
ADRIAN T SMITH
ADRIAN T SMITH
ADRIAN T SMITH
ADRIAN T SMITH
ADRIAN T SMITH
ADRIAN T SMITH
ADRIAN T SMITH
JIM W SMITH
JIM W SMITH
JIM W SMITH
MICHAEL W FREEMAN
GEORGE B TAYLOR
GEORGE B TAYLOR
GEORGE B TAYLOR
DANIEL CHAPMAN
DANIEL CHAPMAN
STEVEN CHAPMAN
STEVEN CHAPMAN
STEVEN CHAPMAN
DANIEL CHAPMAN
ADRIAN T SMITH
WILLIAM H PURCELL
WILLIAM H PURCELL
KARLA MEDINA
JEFFREY A ENDRUSICK
JEFFREY A ENDRUSICK
TERESA W EDWARDS
TERESA W EDWARDS
SHERMAN FAN
BILL M TAYLOR
JOHN R LINK
JOHN R LINK
JOHN R LINK
CHRISTINE E NEVANT
CHRISTINE E NEVANT
ANTHONY P DELLIGATTI
MICHAEL W FREEMAN
MICHAEL W FREEMAN
MICHAEL W FREEMAN
MICHAEL W FREEMAN
MICHAEL W FREEMAN
MICHAEL W FREEMAN
REX WILLOUGHBY
RAMON SANTOS
ANDREW MARTIN, JR.
CHRISTINE E NEVANT
CLARENCE KUTHAN, JR.
CLARENCE KUTHAN, JR.
ADRIAN T SMITH
HEATHER JOYNER
JOSEPH A AHUMADA
ADRIAN T SMITH
DANIEL CHAPMAN
DANIEL CHAPMAN
DANIEL CHAPMAN
STEVEN CHAPMAN
STEVEN CHAPMAN
STEVEN CHAPMAN
STEVEN CHAPMAN
MICHAEL W FREEMAN

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
74 BYPASS TRI CITY MALL, FOREST CITY, NC 28043
111 WELLS DR, FOREST CITY, NC 28043
6163 US 301 SOUTH, FOUR OAKS, NC 27524
329 FRANKLIN PLAZA, FRANKLIN, NC 28734
664 E MAIN ST, FRANKLIN, NC 28734
1409 N MAIN STREET, FUQUAY-VARINA, NC 27526
50 GLEN RD, GARNER, NC 27529
1567 HWY 70 W, GARNER, NC 27529
101 TIMBER DR, GARNER, NC 27529
110 CARILLON DRIVE, GARNER, NC 27529
1500 E FRANKLIN BLVD, GASTONIA, NC 28052
1927 W FRANKLIN BLVD, GASTONIA, NC 28052
2998 E FRANKLIN BLVD, GASTONIA, NC 28054
2115 UNION ROAD, GASTONIA, NC 28052
1909 HOFFMAN ROAD, GASTONIA, NC 28056
2740 S US 117, GOLDSBORO, NC 27530
1501 A WEST US 70 HIGHWAY, GOLDSBORO, NC 27530
300 N BERKELEY BLVD, GOLDSBORO, NC 27530
100 MOLLIE DRIVE, GOLDSBORO, NC 27534
2002 WAYNE MEMORIAL DR, GOLDSBORO, NC 27530
414 S MAIN STREET, GRAHAM, NC 27253-3356
6465 CARATOKE HIGHWAY, GRANDY, NC 27939
36 PINEWOOD ROAD, GRANITE FALLS, NC 28630
11452 NC HWY 55 E, GRANTSBORO, NC 28529-9447
508 PISGAH CHURCH RD, GREENSBORO, NC 27405
706 COLLEGE RD, GREENSBORO, NC 27410
4427 W WENDOVER RD, GREENSBORO, NC 27405
1501 NEW GARDEN ROAD, GREENSBORO, NC 27410
7069 ALBERT PICK ROAD, GREENSBORO, NC 27409
1101 SUMMIT AVE, GREENSBORO, NC 27405
2347 RANDLEMAN RD, GREENSBORO, NC 27406
2241 MARTIN LUTHER KING DR, GREENSBORO, NC 27406
2620 BATTLEGROUND AVENUE, GREENSBORO, NC 27410
617 GREENVALLEY RD, GREENSBORO, NC 27408
3601 GATE CITY BOULEVARD, GREENSBORO, NC 27407
4663 W MARKET ST, GREENSBORO, NC 27407
4102 FERNHURST WAY, GREENSBORO, NC 27406
2001 E CONE BLVD, GREENSBORO, NC 27405
3301 BATTLEGROUND AVE, GREENSBORO, NC 27410
5701 INMAN ROAD, GREENSBORO, NC 27410
5727 W GATE CITY BLVD, GREENSBORO, NC 27407
2116 SE GREENVILLE BLVD, GREENVILLE, NC 27858
2301 N MEMORIAL DRIVE, GREENVILLE, NC 27834
4410 EAST 10TH STREET, GREENVILLE, NC 27858
632 N MEMORIAL DR, GREENVILLE, NC 27834
3000 LANDMARK ST, GREENVILLE, NC 27834
310 E 10TH ST, GREENVILLE, NC 27658
3702 S CHARLES BLVD, GREENVILLE, NC 27858
1300 WEST ARLINGTON DR, GREENVILLE, NC 27834
HOOVER ROAD & HWY 17, HAMPSTEAD, NC 28443
6700 KEE LANE, HARRISBURG, NC 28075
1221 E MAIN ST, HAVELOCK, NC 28532
511 HWY 70 W, HAVELOCK, NC 28532
37 HWY 64 EAST, HAYESVILLE, NC 28904
1695 DABNEY DR, HENDERSON, NC 27536
1421 E ANDREWS AVE, HENDERSON, NC 27536
630 SPARTANBURG HWY, HENDERSONVILLE, NC 28792
1909 FOUR SEASONS BLVD, HENDERSONVILLE, NC 28739
5775 ASHEVILLE HWY, HENDERSONVILLE, NC 28791
303 OACEAN HWY S PERQUIMANS CENTRE, HERTFORD, NC 27944
15 US HWYS 64 ALT 70 SE, HICKORY, NC 28601
2511 N CENTER ST, HICKORY, NC 28601
170 HWY 321 NW, HICKORY, NC 28601
2439 SPRINGS ROAD NE, HICKORY, NC 28601
2065 HWY 70 SE, HICKORY, NC 28602
2738 S MAIN ST, HIGH POINT, NC 27263
1901 N MAIN ST, HIGH POINT, NC 27262
114 GREENSBORO RD, HIGH POINT, NC 27260
930 MALL LOOP RD, HIGH POINT, NC 27262
2312 WESTCHESTER DRIVE, HIGH POINT, NC 27262
3885 JOHN GORDON LN, HIGH POINT, NC 27265
6530 OLD PLANK RD, HIGH POINT, NC 27265-1919
400 E CHURTON ST EXT, HILLSBOROUGH, NC 27278
7100 GB ALFORD HIGHWAY, HOLLY SPRINGS, NC 27540
2904 TRAEMOOR VILLAGE DRIVE, HOPE MILLS, NC 28306
301 MT HERMAN RD, HUDSON, NC 28638
16834 STATESVILLE RD, HUNTERSVILLE, NC 28078
14220 BOREN STREET, HUNTERSVILLE, NC 28078
10249 CANE CREEK DRIVE, HUNTERSVILLE, NC 28078
7841 OLD NC 10, ICARD, NC 28666
303 UNIONVILLE INDIAN TRAIL RD, INDIAN TRAIL, NC 28079
6501 MONROE ROAD, INDIAN TRAIL, NC 28079
404 WESTERN BLVD, JACKSONVILLE, NC 28546-6816
1731 LEJEUNE BLVD, JACKSONVILLE, NC 28540
209 FREEDOM WAY, JACKSONVILLE, NC 28544
305 SOUTH MARINE BLVD, JACKSONVILLE, NC 28540
900 N MARINE BLVD, JACKSONVILLE, NC 28540
1165 WESTERN BLVD, JACKSONVILLE, NC 28546
2401 GUM BRANCH ROAD, JACKSONVILLE, NC 28540
1240 GUILFORD COLLEGE ROAD, JAMESTOWN, NC 27282

80

TELEPHONE
828-245-8236
828-245-8555
919-963-2739
828-369-7462
828-369-0730
919-552-3190
919-662-7934
919-772-9496
919-662-9804
919-771-2441
704-772-4121
704-865-0881
704-853-3716
704-852-3861
704-867-1623
919-581-9483
919-583-8565
919-778-5527
919-778-6282
919-734-3920
336-226-3490
252-453-0139
828-313-1236
252-745-5010
336-288-6658
336-292-5824
336-855-6318
336-299-7550
336-883-0615
336-274-7328
336-275-1180
336-273-5999
336-282-8089
336-855-3347
336-856-8807
336-292-7837
336-333-2618
336-621-2037
336-288-9107
336-393-0073
336-855-4999
252-752-1006
252-551-6130
252-329-0295
252-758-1111
252-756-3121
252-752-1119
252-355-2822
252-321-1932
910-270-1171
704-455-7850
252-444-2608
252-444-2788
828-389-2600
252-492-5555
252-436-0295
828-697-1672
828-697-6493
828-684-3931
252-426-1779
828-322-4700
828-322-2081
828-345-1355
828-256-2939
828-322-5453
336-887-6011
336-882-9824
336-882-3611
336-883-1532
336-889-6966
336-889-9369
336-869-4680
919-732-9898
919-552-4071
910-424-3315
828-572-1140
704-896-4930
704-875-9020
704-992-5758
828-397-5633
704-893-2899
704-226-9436
910-347-3232
910-577-1527
910-910-2094
910-455-1181
910-346-6510
910-968-0007
910-355-0326
336-834-9585

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
KAREN E GAINEY
MASHOOR AWAD
MASHOOR AWAD
JASON CORNET
JOSIAH HENNEIN
JOSIAH HENNEIN
RYAN S LANG
RYAN S LANG
RYAN S LANG
BILL M TAYLOR
DICKIE E BRITT, II
CLARENCE KUTHAN, JR.
CLARENCE KUTHAN, JR.
RAMON SANTOS
RAMON SANTOS
RAMON SANTOS
WILLIAM HOLDER
DANIEL CHAPMAN
DENNIS ANDERSON
DENNIS ANDERSON
JOHN R LINK
RON BAILEY, JR.
RON BAILEY, JR.
RON BAILEY, JR.
THOMAS E HAYNIE
MASHOOR AWAD
MASHOOR AWAD
RON BAILEY, JR.
ANDREW WELBURN
DANIEL CHAPMAN
STEVEN CHAPMAN
STEVEN CHAPMAN
KAREN E GAINEY
BILL M TAYLOR
HEATHER JOYNER
HEATHER JOYNER
ADRIAN T SMITH
ADRIAN T SMITH
KAREN E GAINEY
ADRIAN T SMITH
CLIFFORD E HALEY, III
ADRIAN T SMITH
ADRIAN T SMITH
JASON CORNET
ADRIAN T SMITH
JASON CORNET
JOHN R LINK
JOHN R LINK
JOHN R LINK
MICHAEL C LINK
WILLIAM H PURCELL
HEATHER JOYNER
HEATHER JOYNER
ANDREW MARTIN, JR.
STEVEN CHAPMAN
KAREN E GAINEY
KAREN E GAINEY
KAREN E GAINEY
JEFFREY S STANTON
BILL M TAYLOR
KATE LIMA-RAPPS
MATTHEW TRAUB
AUSTIN PURCELL
WILLIAM H PURCELL
WILLIAM H PURCELL
HEATHER JOYNER
JOSIAH HENNEIN
HEATHER JOYNER
DICKIE E BRITT, II
CHRISTINE E NEVANT
JEFFREY A ENDRUSICK
DANIEL CHAPMAN
KAREN E GAINEY
CHRISTAL V COLE
REX WILLOUGHBY
GEORGE B TAYLOR
DENNIS ANDERSON
DENNIS ANDERSON
DENNIS ANDERSON
GAFFNEY W GUNTER II
GAFFNEY W GUNTER II
GAFFNEY W GUNTER II
GAFFNEY W GUNTER II
GAFFNEY W GUNTER II
GAFFNEY W GUNTER II
GAFFNEY W GUNTER II
GAFFNEY W GUNTER II
GAFFNEY W GUNTER II
GAFFNEY W GUNTER II
DEBORAH HOLDER

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
I 77 & NC 67, JONESVILLE, NC 28642
2401 WONDER DR, KANNAPOLIS, NC 28083
5051 BAYFIELD PKWY, KANNAPOLIS, NC 28027
350 S CANNON BLVD, KANNAPOLIS, NC 28081
600 S MAIN ST, KENANSVILLE, NC 28349
400 S CHURCH ST, KENLY, NC 27542
840 S MAIN ST, KERNERSVILLE, NC 27284
1400 HEARTLAND DR, KERNERSVILLE, NC 27284
1480 JAG BRANCH BOULEVARD, KERNERSVILLE, NC 27284
1603 S CROATAN HWY, KILL DEVIL HILLS, NC 27948
721 S MAIN STREET, KING, NC 27021
725 YORK RD, KINGS MOUNTAIN, NC 28086
1013 SHELBY RD, KINGS MOUNTAIN, NC 28086
110 W VERNON AVE, KINSTON, NC 28501
612 E NEW BERN ROAD, KINSTON, NC 28501
4194 W VERNON AVENUE, KINSTON, NC 28504
7141 KNIGHTDALE BLVD, KNIGHTDALE, NC 27545
1304 S MAIN ST, LAURINBURG, NC 28352
108 VILLAGE RD, LELAND, NC 28451
1111 NEW POINT BOULEVARD, LELAND, NC 28451
110 MORGANTON BLVD, LENOIR, NC 28645
812 WINSTON RD, LEXINGTON, NC 27295
1708 COTTON GROVE RD, LEXINGTON, NC 27292
6421 OLD US HWY 52, LEXINGTON, NC 27295
102 W CORNELIUS HARNETT BLVD, LILLINGTON, NC 27546
1419 E MAIN ST, LINCOLNTON, NC 28092
2530 E MAIN STREET, LINCOLNTON, NC 28092
1878 W MAIN STREET, LOCUST, NC 28097
329 S BICKETT BLVD (US RTE 401), LOUISBURG, NC 27549
5000 FAYETTEVILLE RD, LUMBERTON, NC 28358
2680 ROBERTS AVE, LUMBERTON, NC 28358
2900 W 5TH ST, LUMBERTON, NC 28358
720 N HWY ST, MADISON, NC 27025
515 S VIRGINIA DARE RD, MANTEO, NC 27954
600 NEW WEST HENDERSON ST, MARION, NC 28752
1222 HIGHWAY 70 WEST, MARION, NC 28752
9607 E INDEPENDENCE BLVD, MATTHEWS, NC 28105-4627
14522 LAWYERS RD, MATTHEWS, NC 28104
6675 NC HIGHWAY 135, MAYODAN, NC 27027
1802 MT HOPE CHURCH ROAD, MCLEANSVILLE, NC 27406
1050 MEBANE OAKS ROAD, MEBANE, NC 27302
1342 TROLLINGWOOD RD, MEBANE, NC 27302
9150 LAWYERS RD, MINT HILL, NC 28227
1440 YADKINVILLE RD, MOCKSVILLE, NC 27028
1101 ROOSEVELT BLVD, MONROE, NC 28110-2817
1268 CODDLE CREEK HIGHWAY, MOORESVILLE, NC 28115
497 RIVER HWY, MOORESVILLE, NC 28117
107 GATEWAY BLVD, MOORESVILLE, NC 28115
1090 BRAWLEY SCHOOL ROAD, MOORESVILLE, NC 28117
109 LIMERICK DRIVE, MOORESVILLE, NC 28115
5167 US HWY 70 W, MOREHEAD CITY, NC 28557
901 W UNION, MORGANTON, NC 28655
2211 S STERLING ST, MORGANTON, NC 28655
1001 MORRISVILLE-CARPENTER DRIVE, MORRISVILLE, NC 27560
101 NC 55 EAST, MOUNT OLIVE, NC 28365
307 N ANDY GRIFFITH PARKWAY, MT AIRY, NC 27030
508 RENFRO ST, MT AIRY, NC 27030
1916 ROCKFORD ST, MT AIRY, NC 27030
704 S MAIN STREET, MT HOLLY, NC 28120
800 E MAIN ST, MURFREESBORO, NC 27855
500 HIAWASSEE ST, MURPHY, NC 28906
501 W WASHINGTON, NASHVILLE, NC 27856
2831 NEUSE BLVD, NEW BERN, NC 28562
1703 RED ROBIN LN, NEW BERN, NC 28562
1921 NEUSE BLVD, NEW BERN, NC 28560
461 PINEOLA STREET, NEWLAND, NC 28657
1501 HARNETT DUNN HWY, NEWTON GROVE, NC 28366
1430 2ND ST, NORTH WILKESBORO, NC 28659
8000-G MARKET PLACE DRIVE, OAK RIDGE, NC 27310
548 BAT CAVE RD, OLD FORT, NC 28762
115 GRANVILLE CORNERS, OXFORD, NC 27565
801 WEST THIRD STREET, PEMBROKE, NC 28372
731 S KEY ST, PILOT MOUNTAIN, NC 27041
260 IVEY LANE, PINEHURST, NC 28374
36 LOWE S DRIVE, PITTSBORO, NC 27312
432 US HWY 64 EAST, PLYMOUTH, NC 27962
3710 WESTERN BLVD, RALEIGH, NC 27606
7991 FAYETTEVILLE RD, RALEIGH, NC 27603
601 CORPORATE CENTER DRIVE, RALEIGH, NC 27607
8305 CREEDMOOR RD, RALEIGH, NC 27613
6250 CAPITAL BLVD, RALEIGH, NC 27616
4325 GLENWOOD AVENUE (CRABTREE VLY MALL), RALEIGH, NC 27612
4413 CAPITAL BLVD, RALEIGH, NC 27604
3026 CAPITAL BLVD, RALEIGH, NC 27604
4121 BLUE RIDGE RD, RALEIGH, NC 27612
5016-101 SPRING FOREST ROAD, RALEIGH, NC 27616
8011 BRIER CREEK PARKWAY, RALEIGH, NC 27617-7596
7301 SIX FORKS ROAD, RALEIGH, NC 27615
9698 FALLS OF NEUSE RD, RALEIGH, NC 27615
1700 TRAWICK RD, RALEIGH, NC 27604

81

TELEPHONE
336-526-4308
704-786-5822
704-788-2848
704-754-8097
910-275-0046
919-284-1015
336-996-4611
336-993-7272
336-992-0885
252-441-3349
336-983-3546
704-734-1550
704-739-4463
252-523-6665
252-523-8925
252-208-0045
919-266-6700
910-276-8300
910-371-3112
910-383-2222
828-758-4428
336-249-3464
336-357-5007
336-731-4379
910-893-5049
704-732-7595
704-735-8831
704-888-1625
919-496-2667
910-674-4221
910-674-4512
910-738-3962
336-427-5302
252-473-5737
828-652-4900
828-659-3302
704-847-0650
704-882-4182
336-427-3301
336-698-0482
919-563-4320
919-304-4393
704-545-6210
336-751-1818
704-289-4978
980-499-5013
704-799-1947
704-799-2683
704-664-0983
704-663-3773
252-648-8085
828-437-8550
828-433-9919
919-460-7228
919-658-5355
336-789-5848
336-789-0402
336-786-7679
704-827-7879
252-398-5276
828-837-7093
252-459-3073
252-514-2762
252-638-5599
252-633-3320
828-733-0032
910-594-1699
336-667-8524
336-644-8951
828-668-9531
919-693-6622
910-775-9105
336-368-4608
910-295-1112
919-545-0505
252-793-9304
919-508-2688
919-772-4850
919-233-4144
919-847-8111
919-878-5907
919-782-8240
919-878-0155
919-878-0701
919-510-5255
919-954-8880
919-806-1114
919-846-9903
919-845-5502
919-231-6205

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
DEBORAH HOLDER
ANDREW MARTIN, JR.
ANDREW MARTIN, JR.
ANDREW MARTIN, JR.
ANDREW MARTIN, JR.
ANDREW MARTIN, JR.
ANDREW MARTIN, JR.
ANDREW MARTIN, JR.
ANDREW MARTIN, JR.
ANDREW MARTIN, JR.
ANDREW MARTIN, JR.
CHARLES A REID
CHARLES A REID
REX WILLOUGHBY
DANIEL CHAPMAN
ANTHONY P DELLIGATTI
ANTHONY P DELLIGATTI
RON BAILEY, JR.
DANIEL CHAPMAN
JOSEPH D POWELL, JR.
JOSEPH D POWELL, JR.
KATE LIMA-RAPPS
CHRISTAL V COLE
JASON CORNET
MATTHEW TRAUB
MATTHEW TRAUB
MATTHEW TRAUB
MATTHEW TRAUB
MATTHEW TRAUB
DANIEL CHAPMAN
ANDREW MARTIN, JR.
ANTHONY P DELLIGATTI
KAREN E GAINEY
JASON CORNET
JASON CORNET
JASON CORNET
JASON CORNET
CHRISTAL V COLE
GAFFNEY W GUNTER II
CHRISTAL V COLE
DENNIS ANDERSON
ADRIAN T SMITH
ADRIAN T SMITH
MASHOOR AWAD
GAFFNEY W GUNTER II
GAFFNEY W GUNTER II
DANIEL CHAPMAN
JOSEPH D POWELL, JR.
DENNIS ANDERSON
JEFFREY S STANTON
HEATHER JOYNER
DANIEL CHAPMAN
RODNEY HENRY
JASON CORNET
JASON CORNET
JASON CORNET
JASON CORNET
DENNIS ANDERSON
DENNIS ANDERSON
STEVEN CHAPMAN
WILLIAM H PURCELL
KATE LIMA-RAPPS
ANDREW HARNISH
MATTHEW TRAUB
JOHN R LINK
RON BAILEY, JR.
JASON CORNET
RON BAILEY, JR.
HEATHER JOYNER
ADRIAN T SMITH
GAFFNEY W GUNTER II
CHARLES A REID
DICKIE E BRITT, II
STEVEN CHAPMAN
ADRIAN T SMITH
JOSIAH HENNEIN
WILLIAM H PURCELL
JOSHUA M RANFT
SHERMAN FAN
CHRISTINE E NEVANT
AMANDA GILES
WILLIAM HOLDER
JOSHUA M RANFT
HEATHER JOYNER
DANIEL CHAPMAN
STEVEN CHAPMAN
JIM W SMITH
KATE LIMA-RAPPS
HEATHER JOYNER
JOSEPH D POWELL, JR.

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
3424 POOLE RD, RALEIGH, NC 27610
703 W PEACE ST, RALEIGH, NC 27605
3810 LAKE BOONE TRL, RALEIGH, NC 27627
105 E SOUTH ST, RALEIGH, NC 27602
3508 MILLBROOK RD, RALEIGH, NC 27613
6213 FALLS OF NEUSE, RALEIGH, NC 27609
4221 CRAFTSMAN DRIVE (WM #2058), RALEIGH, NC 27609
10100 LEESVILLE RD, RALEIGH, NC 27613
10050 GLENWOOD AVE (WM #5118), RALEIGH, NC 27617
4431 NEW BERN AVE (WM #5292), RALEIGH, NC 27604
4212 WAKE FOREST ROAD, RALEIGH, NC 27609-6204
2801 OLD WAKE FOREST RD, RALEIGH, NC 27609
2900 WAKEFIELD PINES DRIVE, RALEIGH, NC 27587
6320 BATTLE BRIDGE ROAD, RALEIGH, NC 27610
613 E 4TH AVE, RED SPRINGS, NC 28377
665 S SCALES ST, REIDSVILLE, NC 27320
2101 BARNES STREET, REIDSVILLE, NC 27320
121 N HIGHWAY 49, RICHFIELD, NC 28137
7417 RICHLANDS HIGHWAY, RICHLANDS, NC 28574
1515 JULIAN R ALLSBROOK HWY, ROANOKE RAPIDS, NC 27870
101 ROANOKE AVE, ROANOKE RAPIDS, NC 27619
374 RODNEY ORR BYPASS, ROBBINSVILLE, NC 28771
1304 E BROAD AVE TRI CITY, ROCKINGHAM, NC 28379
8775 US HWY 52 (MAIN ST), ROCKWELL, NC 28138
2640 SUNSET BLVD, ROCKY MOUNT, NC 27801
950 N WESLEYAN BLVD, ROCKY MOUNT, NC 27804
1211 EAST RALEIGH BOULEVARD, ROCKY MOUNT, NC 27801
3752 WESLEYAN BLVD, ROCKY MOUNT, NC 27809
749 SOUTH WESLEYAN BOULEVARD, ROCKY MOUNT, NC 27803
13545 NC HIGHWAY 210, ROCKY POINT, NC 28457
415 S MAIN ST, ROLESVILLE, NC 27571
737 N MADISON BLVD, ROXBORO, NC 27573
1040 BETHANIA DRIVE, RURAL HALL, NC 27045
704 E INNES ST, SALISBURY, NC 28144
1957 JAKE ALEXANDER BOULEVARD WEST, SALISBURY, NC 28147
601 JAKE ALEXANDER BLVD, SALISBURY, NC 28144
1105 PEELER RD, SALISBURY, NC 28144
1909 PENDERGRASS ROAD, SANFORD, NC 27330
335 US HWY 70 E, SELMA, NC 27576
4191 NC HIGHWAY 211, SEVEN LAKES, NC 27376
4636 MAIN ST, SHALLOTTE, NC 28459
2001 E CLEVLAND MALL, SHELBY, NC 28150
206 EAST DIXON BLVD, SHELBY, NC 28150
3961 VILLAGE CENTER SOUTH, SHERRILLS FORD, NC 28682
884 W MARKET ST, SMITHFIELD, NC 27577
1209 BRIGHTLEAF BLVD, SMITHFIELD, NC 27577
930 HWY 210, SNEADS FERRY, NC 28460
1033 KINGOLD BLVD, SNOW HILL, NC 28580
4992 LONG BEACH RD SE, SOUTHPORT, NC 28461
810 W MAIN ST, SPINDALE, NC 28160
NC HIGHWAY 226 SOUTH, SPRUCE PINE, NC 28777
921 W BROAD ST, ST PAULS, NC 28384
4405 POTTER RD, STALLINGS, NC 28104
110 SIGNAL HILL DR, STATESVILLE, NC 28677
3203 TAYLORSVILLE HIGHWAY, STATESVILLE, NC 28625
975 GLENWAY DR, STATESVILLE, NC 28677
229 MOCKSVILLE HWY, STATESVILLE, NC 28625
7105 OCEAN HWY SW, SUNSET BEACH, NC 28468-6104
40 OCEAN HWY W, SUPPLY, NC 28462
13481 NC HWY 50, SURF CITY, NC 28445
905 W CORBETT STREET, SWANSBORO, NC 28584
39 SKYLAND DRIVE, SYLVA, NC 28779-2619
25 TABOR CROSSING, TABOR CITY, NC 28463
1500 WESTERN BLVD, TARBORO, NC 27886
561 W MAIN AVE, TAYLORSVILLE, NC 28681
1019 RANDOLPH ST, THOMASVILLE, NC 27360
1035 CHARLOTTE HIGHWAY, TROUTMAN, NC 28166
322 ALBEMARLE RD, TROY, NC 27371
443 MAIN ST W, VALDESE, NC 28690
1114 CASWELL ST, WADESBORO, NC 28170
1001 FORESTVILLE ROAD, WAKE FOREST, NC 27587
865 DURHAM RD, WAKE FOREST, NC 27587
5226 REIDSVILLE ROAD, WALKERTOWN, NC 27051
5709 NC HIGHWAY 41 SOUTH, WALLACE, NC 28466
1075 US-311, WALNUT COVE, NC 27052
2670 NC HWY 24 WEST, WARSAW, NC 28398
1408 CAROLINA AVE, WASHINGTON, NC 27889
2532 CUTHBERTSON RD, WAXHAW, NC 28173
825 RUSS AVE, WAYNESVILLE, NC 28786
168 WEAVER BLVD, WEAVERVILLE, NC 28787
5941 TAYLOR RD, WENDELL, NC 27591
2900 WENDELL BLVD, WENDELL, NC 27591
5925 WEDDINGTON ROAD, WESLEY CHAPEL, NC 28104
11 ASHEMONT DR, WEST JEFFERSON, NC 28694
1408 S MADISON ST, WHITEVILLE, NC 28472
1110 N JK POWELL BOULEVARD, WHITEVILLE, NC 28472
6401 BURLINGTON ROAD, WHITSETT, NC 27377
748 CASINO TRAIL, WHITTIER, NC 28789
1834 W US HWY 421, WILKESBORO, NC 28697
823 EAST BLVD, WILLIAMSTON, NC 27892

82

TELEPHONE
919-250-0072
919-833-9875
919-781-0504
919-833-7800
919-781-3702
919-878-0085
919-713-0903
919-841-9282
919-957-8404
919-231-3242
919-862-1996
919-821-3297
919-556-8677
919-773-4124
910-843-2095
336-347-0506
336-347-0215
704-463-1515
910-324-8040
252-535-2130
252-519-0100
828-479-6776
910-997-2689
704-279-9112
252-443-6102
252-443-1929
252-446-6102
252-446-7711
252-977-9704
910-602-7795
919-556-7686
336-322-4216
336-969-1886
704-638-5566
704-636-0786
704-636-0939
704-639-2277
919-776-0133
919-965-8379
910-673-2489
910-754-5166
704-487-8855
704-487-1426
704-325-5042
919-934-9306
919-934-3588
910-327-2695
252-747-7231
910-457-9410
828-287-5247
828-765-0309
910-241-3108
704-821-6784
704-872-4549
704-872-6718
704-871-8545
704-873-1110
910-575-2818
910-754-9466
910-329-0495
910-325-1273
828-586-2009
910-377-3261
252-823-0966
828-632-2004
336-475-9718
704-528-9222
910-576-2120
828-879-9363
704-694-4727
919-554-8094
919-554-1095
336-595-3173
910-285-5064
336-536-9038
910-293-7305
252-940-1501
704-843-1400
828-452-5368
828-658-3724
252-507-0620
919-365-3625
704-821-1048
336-246-3061
910-642-6871
910-640-2170
336-449-0790
828-497-3535
336-667-7401
252-792-1505

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
DAVID W ANDERSON
DAVID W ANDERSON
DENNIS ANDERSON
DENNIS ANDERSON
DENNIS ANDERSON
DENNIS ANDERSON
DENNIS ANDERSON
DENNIS ANDERSON
DENNIS ANDERSON
DENNIS ANDERSON
STEVEN CHAPMAN
SARA K POWELL
SARA K POWELL
JOSEPH D POWELL, JR.
JOSEPH D POWELL, JR.
JOSEPH D POWELL, JR.
THOMAS A RANFT
RON BAILEY, JR.
RON BAILEY, JR.
RON BAILEY, JR.
RON BAILEY, JR.
RON BAILEY, JR.
DICKIE E BRITT, II
DICKIE E BRITT, II
DICKIE E BRITT, II
DICKIE E BRITT, II
DICKIE E BRITT, II
KAREN E GAINEY
RON BAILEY, JR.
RON BAILEY, JR.
DANIEL CHAPMAN
JASON CORNET
ANTHONY P DELLIGATTI
CHARLES A REID
DEBORAH HOLDER
CATLIN DOHERTY
MICHAEL J DOHERTY
MICHAEL J DOHERTY
DAVID WILLIAMS
DAVID WILLIAMS
MICHAEL J DOHERTY
DAVID WILLIAMS
KEVIN L COOK
KEVIN L COOK
KEVIN L COOK
KEVIN L COOK
KEVIN L COOK
KEVIN L COOK
KEVIN L COOK
MICHAEL J DOHERTY
MICHAEL J DOHERTY
MICHAEL J DOHERTY
MICHAEL J DOHERTY
CATLIN DOHERTY
DAVID WILLIAMS
MICHAEL J DOHERTY
MICHAEL J DOHERTY
MICHAEL J DOHERTY
MICHAEL J DOHERTY
MICHAEL J DOHERTY
GLEN P COOK
KEVIN L COOK
MICHAEL J DOHERTY
JOSEPH JOHNSON
GREG HALL
JAMES W WAGY
NATHAN R LEONARD
STEVEN LEONARD
STEVEN LEONARD
BLAKE E ZOGLEMAN
STEVEN LEONARD
TODD R LUTHER
GREG HALL
STEVEN LEONARD
TODD R LUTHER
BLAKE E ZOGLEMAN
CORY R HALL
GREG HALL
DUSTIN J DARMODY
BLAKE E ZOGLEMAN
GREG HALL
GREG HALL
GREG HALL
CORY R HALL
CORY R HALL
GREG HALL
BLAKE E ZOGLEMAN
BLAKE E ZOGLEMAN
MELISA A ESSIG
MELISA A ESSIG

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
5210 S COLLEGE RD, WILMINGTON, NC 28412
2519 NORTH COLLEGE ROAD, WILMINGTON, NC 28405
4301 MARKET ST, WILMINGTON, NC 28405
2543 CAROLINA BEACH RD, WILMINGTON, NC 28401
6860 MARKET ST, WILMINGTON, NC 28411
1415 COMMONWEALTH AVE, WILMINGTON, NC 28403
822 S COLLEGE RD, WILMINGTON, NC 28403
2541 CASTLE HAYNE RD, WILMINGTON, NC 28405
6404 CAROLINA BEACH RD, WILMINGTON, NC 28409
108 HAYS LANE, WILMINGTON, NC 28411
2702 S COLLEGE RD, WILMINGTON, NC 28412
2100 W NASH ST, WILSON, NC 27893
5028 US HWY 264 WEST, WILSON, NC 27893
4816 WARD BLVD, WILSON, NC 27893
2802 RALEIGH RD NW, WILSON, NC 27893
1454 TARBORO STREET WEST, WILSON, NC 27893
4003 US HWY 74 E, WINGATE, NC 28174
780 MARTIN LUTHER KING DR, WINSTON SALEM, NC 27101
195 AKRON DR, WINSTON SALEM, NC 27105
426 JONESTOWN RD, WINSTON SALEM, NC 27104
290 S STRATFORD RD, WINSTON SALEM, NC 27103
12292 NC HIGHWAY 150, WINSTON SALEM, NC 27127
2900 REYNOLDA RD, WINSTON SALEM, NC 27106
3401 ROBINHOOD RD, WINSTON SALEM, NC 27106
110 HANES MALL CIR, WINSTON SALEM, NC 27103
2060 VILLAGE LINK ROAD, WINSTON SALEM, NC 27106
7742 NORTH POINT BOULEVARD, WINSTON SALEM, NC 27106
5998 UNIVERSITY PKY, WINSTON SALEM, NC 27105
1460 TRADE MART BLVD, WINSTON-SALEM, NC 27107
4451 WALLBURG LANDING DRIVE, WINSTON-SALEM, NC 27107
4125 S MEMORIAL DRIVE, WINTERVILLE, NC 28590
HWY 601 & 421, YADKINVILLE, NC 27055
2035 NC-86 N, YANCEYVILLE, NC 27379
1110 US HIGHWAY 1, YOUNGSVILLE, NC 27596
141 WAKELON ST, ZEBULON, NC 27597
1535 BURNT BOAT DR, BISMARCK, ND 58501
2631 STATE ST, BISMARCK, ND 58501-0668
4000 MIRIAM AVENUE, BISMARCK, ND 58501
150 BISMARCK EXPY, BISMARCK, ND 58501-5086
605 E MAIN AVE, BISMARCK, ND 58501-4458
124 4TH ST SW, DEVILS LAKE, ND 58301
212 MUSEUM DR, DICKINSON, ND 58601-3932
2424 S UNIVERSITY DR, FARGO, ND 58103-5735
1001 38TH ST S, FARGO, ND 58106-2114
1220 19TH AVE N, FARGO, ND 58102
4501 19TH AVE SW, FARGO, ND 58103
3220 39TH ST S, FARGO, ND 58104
5640 23RD AVENUE SOUTH, FARGO, ND 58104
5160 CHARLES WAY S, FARGO, ND 58104
1125 S WASHINGTON ST, GRAND FORKS, ND 58201-5430
4340 GATEWAY DR, GRAND FORKS, ND 58201
2910 32ND AVE, GRAND FORKS, ND 58201-6024
3900 S WASHINGTON ST, GRAND FORKS, ND 58201
817 20TH ST SW, JAMESTOWN, ND 58401-6132
2601 MEMORIAL HWY SE, MANDAN, ND 58554
1400 24TH AVE SW, MINOT, ND 58701-6903
711 S BROADWAY, MINOT, ND 58701
101 31ST AVE SW, MINOT, ND 58701
2115 15TH ST NW, MINOT, ND 58701
1385 8TH AVE SW, VALLEY CITY, ND 58072
105 N 12TH ST, WAHPETON, ND 58075-4135
501 MAIN AVE E, WEST FARGO, ND 58078-1929
2222 2ND AVE W, WILLISTON, ND 58801-3410
1449 W 3RD AVE, ALLIANCE, NE 69301-3127
1601 Q ST, AURORA, NE 68818
1220 N 6TH ST, BEATRICE, NE 68310-2019
2306 TOWNE CENTRE DRIVE, BELLEVUE, NE 68123
1608 GALVIN RD, BELLEVUE, NE 68005-3809
3609 SUMMIT PLAZA DR, BELLEVUE, NE 68123-1090
10201 S 21ST, BELLEVUE, NE 68123
929 WASHINGTON, BLAIR, NE 68008
1180 W HWY 20, CHADRON, NE 69337
3210 23RD ST, COLUMBUS, NE 68601-3126
435 E 23RD ST, FREMONT, NE 68025
1855 10TH ST, GERING, NE 69341
320 S LAKE AVE, GOTHENBURG, NE 69138
3323 WEST STATE STREET, GRAND ISLAND, NE 68803
1317 W 2ND ST, GRAND ISLAND, NE 68801-5711
14363 S HWY 31, GRETNA, NE 68028
19413 OAKMONT DR, GRETNA, NE 68028
1510 N BURLINGTON, HASTINGS, NE 68901-3026
900 W J ST, HASTINGS, NE 68901
410 WEST 4TH AVENUE, HOLDREGE, NE 68949
715 2ND AVE, KEARNEY, NE 68847-7811
5605 1ST AVE, KEARNEY, NE 68847
621 E 25TH ST, KEARNEY, NE 68847-5517
8003 S 84TH ST, LA VISTA, NE 68128
2706 PLUM CREEK PKWY, LEXINGTON, NE 68850-5614
6500 O ST, LINCOLN, NE 68510-2330
2700 S 48TH ST, LINCOLN, NE 68506-2502

83

TELEPHONE
910-799-4561
910-792-6900
910-762-6601
910-799-6970
910-392-6757
910-256-2730
910-395-4627
910-763-9222
910-791-8008
910-681-1131
910-799-0024
252-291-7041
252-246-0287
252-291-3344
252-243-7077
252-237-8494
704-233-1700
336-721-1735
336-722-2761
336-774-0773
336-725-4999
336-764-3402
336-723-1396
336-774-1625
336-765-4085
336-922-1030
336-759-0090
336-377-9416
336-785-9190
336-788-3250
252-756-0214
336-679-2834
336-694-1241
919-569-9953
919-269-6650
701-224-8876
701-221-2908
701-355-4429
701-222-3957
701-258-3625
701-662-3285
701-483-0345
701-232-8636
701-282-5796
701-232-8480
701-281-2348
701-281-0481
701-364-9667
701-532-0336
701-772-0231
701-746-7980
701-772-2410
701-757-0205
701-252-9538
701-663-0353
701-852-2389
701-852-2310
701-858-0002
701-837-4689
701-490-3637
701-642-5441
701-281-9092
701-572-2364
308-762-8762
402-694-4040
402-228-4106
531-325-1880
402-292-6100
402-292-7704
402-292-4575
402-426-4688
308-432-3998
402-564-6600
402-721-3818
308-436-7407
308-537-2111
308-381-0434
308-382-3323
402-332-5150
531-600-7437
402-462-9884
402-463-5123
308-995-5066
308-237-9383
308-236-2111
308-237-3668
402-597-6162
308-324-2922
402-466-5766
402-488-7083

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
MELISA A ESSIG
MELISA A ESSIG
MELISA A ESSIG
MELISA A ESSIG
MELISA A ESSIG
MELISA A ESSIG
MITCHELL J HRUBY
MITCHELL J HRUBY
MITCHELL J HRUBY
MITCHELL J HRUBY
MITCHELL J HRUBY
STEVEN LEONARD
JAMES W WAGY
NATHAN R LEONARD
NATHAN R LEONARD
BLAKE E ZOGLEMAN
BLAKE E ZOGLEMAN
JOSEPH JOHNSON
DUSTIN J DARMODY
DUSTIN J DARMODY
DUSTIN J DARMODY
DUSTIN J DARMODY
DUSTIN J DARMODY
DUSTIN J DARMODY
DUSTIN J DARMODY
DUSTIN J DARMODY
DUSTIN J DARMODY
DUSTIN J DARMODY
DUSTIN J DARMODY
DUSTIN J DARMODY
DUSTIN J DARMODY
KARIN DARMODY
NATHAN R LEONARD
NATHAN R LEONARD
NATHAN R LEONARD
STEVEN LEONARD
STEVEN LEONARD
STEVEN LEONARD
BLAKE E ZOGLEMAN
BLAKE E ZOGLEMAN
BLAKE E ZOGLEMAN
NATHAN R LEONARD
NATHAN R LEONARD
TODD R LUTHER
JOSEPH JOHNSON
MARK WHEELDON
NATHAN R LEONARD
MELISA A ESSIG
NATHAN R LEONARD
GREG HALL
CORY R HALL
MICHAEL GAMBINO
CHARLES T COUGHLIN
PETER NAPOLI
PETER NAPOLI
PETER NAPOLI
MICHAEL GAMBINO
PETER NAPOLI
MICHAEL GAMBINO
MICHAEL GAMBINO
PETER NAPOLI
PETER NAPOLI
MICHAEL GAMBINO
PETER NAPOLI
PETER NAPOLI
PETER NAPOLI
PETER NAPOLI
MICHAEL GAMBINO
PETER NAPOLI
PETER NAPOLI
JOSEPH SPADEA
PETER NAPOLI
PETER NAPOLI
PETER NAPOLI
MICHAEL GAMBINO
PETER NAPOLI
JAMES BARTLEY
MICHAEL GAMBINO
MICHAEL GAMBINO
MICHAEL GAMBINO
MICHAEL GAMBINO
PETER NAPOLI
PETER NAPOLI
DONALD A WRIGHT, JR.
MICHAEL GAMBINO
RICHARD T HOGAN
DONALD A WRIGHT, JR.
MICHAEL GAMBINO
PETER NAPOLI
CHARLES T COUGHLIN

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
5327 CORNHUSKER HWY, LINCOLN, NE 68504-1428
1028 SAUNDERS, LINCOLN, NE 68521-2326
547 N 48TH ST, LINCOLN, NE 68504-3404
2641 TICONDEROGA DRIVE, LINCOLN, NE 68521
875 N 27TH ST, LINCOLN, NE 68502
2140 K STREET, LINCOLN, NE 68510
3330 S 10TH ST, LINCOLN, NE 68502-4403
1141 W BOND, LINCOLN, NE 68521-3632
5800 OLD CHENEY RD, LINCOLN, NE 68516-3583
345 WEST O STREET, LINCOLN, NE 68522
2700 PINE LAKE RD, LINCOLN, NE 68516
501 N HWY 83, MCCOOK, NE 69001
1512 S 11TH, NEBRASKA CITY, NE 68410
813 S 13TH ST, NORFOLK, NE 68701-5747
1205 RIVERSIDE BLVD, NORFOLK, NE 68701
3211 NEWBERRY RD, NORTH PLATTE, NE 69101
1301 S DEWEY ST, NORTH PLATTE, NE 69101
301 STAGECOACH TRAIL I80 EXIT 126, OGALLALA, NE 69153
122 S 40TH ST, OMAHA, NE 68131-3004
9009 OLD MILITARY AVE, OMAHA, NE 68134
3606 S 84TH, OMAHA, NE 68124-3900
7717 W DODGE, OMAHA, NE 68114-3636
3404 N 108TH ST, OMAHA, NE 68164-2907
11330 W DODGE, OMAHA, NE 68154-2620
4404 N 30TH, OMAHA, NE 68111
3805 N 132ND ST, OMAHA, NE 68164
3909 S 42ND, OMAHA, NE 68107
2760 S 13TH ST, OMAHA, NE 68108
4635 N 72ND ST, OMAHA, NE 68134
3575 NORTH 168TH COURT, OMAHA, NE 68116
1925 N 72ND ST, OMAHA, NE 68134
1525 N 205TH ST, OMAHA, NE 68022
13708 Q ST, OMAHA, NE 68137
17805 WELCH PLAZA, OMAHA, NE 68135
4912 S 202ND AVE, OMAHA, NE 68135
10777 Q ST, OMAHA, NE 68127-2931
9505 S 144TH ST, OMAHA, NE 68137
18320 WRIGHT ST, OMAHA, NE 68130
2410 CUMING ST, OMAHA, NE 68131-1630
14449 W CENTER RD, OMAHA, NE 68144
7400 N 30TH, OMAHA, NE 68112
212 E HWY 20, O'NEILL, NE 68763
1410 S WASHINGTON, PAPILLION, NE 68046
419 WEST 27TH STREET, SCOTTSBLUFF, NE 69361
2984 UPLAND PARKWAY, SIDNEY, NE 69162
600 DAKOTA AVE, SOUTH SIOUX CITY, NE 68776
101 W HIGHWAY 20, VALENTINE, NE 69201
13821 GUILDFORD STREET, WAVERLY, NE 68462
617 TOMAR DR, WAYNE, NE 68787
1246 N LINCOLN, WEST POINT, NE 68788
4012 SOUTH LINCOLN AVE, YORK, NE 68467
15 HOMESTEAD PLACE, ALTON, NH 03809
231 WASHINGTON ST, CLAREMONT, NH 03743
117 LOUDON RD, CONCORD, NH 03301
90 S MAIN ST, CONCORD, NH 03301
111 FISHERVILLE RD, CONCORD, NH 03303
45 CRYSTAL AVE, DERRY, NH 03038
912 CENTRAL AVE, DOVER, NH 03820
56 CALEF HIGHWAY, EPPING, NH 03042
1881 DOVER RD, EPSOM, NH 03234
148 PORTSMOUTH AVE, EXETER, NH 03833
822 CENTRAL ST, FRANKLIN, NH 03235
569 MAST RD, GOFFSTOWN, NH 03045
214 MAIN ST, GORHAM, NH 03581
63 OCEAN ROAD, GREENLAND, NH 03840
663 LAFAYETTE RD, HAMPTON, NH 03842
316 WEST MAIN ST, HILLSBOROUGH, NH 03244
1254 HOOKSETT RD, HOOKSETT, NH 03106
75 DERRY RD, HUDSON, NH 03051
251 LOWELL RD, HUDSON, NH 03051
85 PETERBOROUGH ST, JAFFREY, NH 03452
317 WINCHESTER ST, KEENE, NH 03431
1231 UNION AVE, LACONIA, NH 03246
258 MAIN STREET, LANCASTER, NH 03584
44 CONCORD RD, LEE, NH 03857
112 MAIN ST, LINCOLN, NH 03251
75 OLD COUNTY ROAD, LITTLETON, NH 03561
39 NASHUA RD, LONDONDERRY, NH 03053
196 S WILLOW ST, MANCHESTER, NH 03103
907 2ND ST, MANCHESTER, NH 03102
907 HANOVER ST, MANCHESTER, NH 03109
2287 BROWN AVE, MANCHESTER, NH 03103
209 DANIEL WEBSTER HWY, MEREDITH, NH 03253
9 DOBSON RD, MERRIMACK, NH 03054
599 NASHUA ST, MILFORD, NH 03055
255 DANIEL WEBSTER HWY, NASHUA, NH 03060
3 NORTHEASTERN BLVD, NASHUA, NH 03062
45 E HOLLIS ST, NASHUA, NH 03060
49 GOSLING RD, NEWINGTON, NH 03801
20 JOHN STARK HWY, NEWPORT, NH 03773

84

TELEPHONE
402-464-0973
402-476-2538
402-464-2290
402-435-5444
402-474-5017
402-477-5001
402-423-1355
402-475-5238
402-421-8303
402-438-6630
402-328-8727
308-345-7474
402-873-6466
402-379-1800
402-371-4048
308-534-1733
308-534-4007
308-284-2274
402-558-3300
402-571-0800
402-399-8700
402-390-0800
402-493-9555
402-496-3555
402-451-3460
402-431-8437
402-731-2700
402-341-0411
402-573-0077
402-289-1644
402-390-1179
531-867-8508
402-896-0400
402-932-2882
531-283-5125
402-592-5100
402-896-5225
402-333-0788
402-342-1226
402-691-8266
402-453-6889
402-336-4676
402-331-7600
308-632-6511
308-254-3184
402-494-6928
402-376-1714
402-786-2200
402-375-3923
402-372-2423
402-362-2363
603-875-6464
603-543-1577
603-228-8873
603-224-9819
603-226-2297
603-432-2231
603-742-9813
603-679-8544
603-736-8474
603-778-8919
603-934-9820
603-625-1278
603-466-2275
603-427-1620
603-929-3674
603-464-4664
603-518-5775
603-889-9528
603-882-9603
603-532-4517
603-352-9610
603-524-9394
603-788-2123
603-868-6237
603-745-8006
603-444-3933
603-434-3570
603-623-9259
603-627-4793
603-606-4967
603-647-0000
603-279-8501
603-429-3800
603-672-9265
603-891-0419
603-821-3099
603-880-3050
603-436-9771
603-863-7818

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
PETER NAPOLI
PETER NAPOLI
PETER NAPOLI
PETER NAPOLI
MICHAEL GAMBINO
PETER NAPOLI
PETER NAPOLI
PETER NAPOLI
PETER NAPOLI
PETER NAPOLI
PETER NAPOLI
PETER NAPOLI
PETER NAPOLI
PETER NAPOLI
JAMES BARTLEY
ALANA MARINELLO
KAREN TRAA
JOHN R SCARI
PUNEET SINGH
PUNEET SINGH
ALANA MARINELLO
MARGARET GILLIS
DANIEL CHAPMAN
DOUGLAS F DAMIANO
JESSICA QUINTANA
JOHN R SCARI
ANA M MADAN
ARIANA RUSSO
BRIAN HAIRSTON
RICHARD DOANE
RICHARD DOANE
KEVIN L SMOLAR
ANA M MADAN
HERBERT THOMAS
THOMAS SMOLAR
ANGELA ADDERLEY
JOHN R SCARI
JOHN R SCARI
CHRISTOPHER COTTRELL
CHRISTOPHER COTTRELL
ANTHONY J SCARI
PATRICK POWERS
THERESA M SANTORO
THERESA M SANTORO
MATTHEW COTTRELL
BRIAN J. ALVES SCARI
CHRISTIAN H RAWDEN
GRANT SKYLLAS
RICHARD DOANE
STEVEN CHAPMAN
JOHN R SCARI
KEVIN L SMOLAR
RICHARD DOANE
RICHARD DOANE
THERESA M SANTORO
JOHN R SCARI
MARGARET GILLIS
PHILIP J KOURY
BRIAN J. ALVES SCARI
KRISTEN A HULLINGS
THERESA M SANTORO
KEVIN L SMOLAR
PETER J FONSECA
MARGARET GILLIS
CHRISTOPHER COTTRELL
JESSICA QUINTANA
DANIEL CHAPMAN
CHRISTINE SERAPHIN
DOUGLAS F DAMIANO
MICHAEL E CLARK
DOUGLAS F DAMIANO
DOUGLAS F DAMIANO
PETER J FONSECA
ANA M MADAN
KAREN TRAA
JOHN R SCARI
DANIEL CHAPMAN
CHRISTOPHER COTTRELL
CHRISTOPHER COTTRELL
LINDA H DUNHAM
CHRISTOPHER COTTRELL
ALANA MARINELLO
BRIAN HAIRSTON
HERBERT THOMAS
GEORGE R MICHELL
RICHARD FONG
PHILIP J KOURY
CHRISTOPHER COTTRELL
DOUGLAS F DAMIANO
BRIAN J. ALVES SCARI

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
1750 WHITE MOUNTAIN HWY, NORTH CONWAY, NH 03818
113 BRIDGE STREET, PELHAM, NH 03076
11 RIDGEVIEW LANE, PLYMOUTH, NH 03264
1000 LAFAYETTE RD, PORTSMOUTH, NH 03801
2 ESSEX DR, RAYMOND, NH 03077
161 WAKEFIELD ST, ROCHESTER, NH 03867
291 N MAIN ST, ROCHESTER, NH 03867
225 S BROADWAY, SALEM, NH 03079
710 LAFAYETTE ROAD, SEABROOK, NH 03874
5 TILTON ROAD, TILTON, NH 03276
4 NICHOLS MILL LANE, WARNER, NH 03278
249 PLAINFIELD RD (RTE 12A), WEST LEBANON, NH 03784
2380 NH-16, WEST OSSIPEE, NH 03890
124B INDIAN ROCK RD, WINDHAM, NH 03087
10 FOREST AVENUE, WOODSVILLE, NH 03785
1108 NJ-34, ABERDEEN, NJ 07747
551 WHITE HORSE PIKE, ABSECON, NJ 08201
1501 MAIN ST, ASBURY PARK, NJ 07712
31 ARKANSAS AVE, ATLANTIC CITY, NJ 08401
600 N ALBANY AVE, ATLANTIC CITY, NJ 08401
970 RT 36, ATLANTIC HIGHLANDS, NJ 07716
1256 SAINT GEORGE AVE, AVENEL, NJ 07001
580 N MAIN ST, BARNEGAT, NJ 08005
157 W 63RD STREET, BAYONNE, NJ 07002
537 BROADWAY, BAYONNE, NJ 07002
417 ATLANTIC CITY BLVD, BAYVILLE, NJ 08721
663 WASHINGTON AVE, BELLEVILLE, NJ 07109
173 FRANKLIN STREET, BELLEVILLE, NJ 07109
326 S WASHINGTON AVE, BERGENFIELD, NJ 07621-3751
230 WHITE HORSE PIKE, BERLIN, NJ 08009
270 ROUTE 73 NORTH, BERLIN, NJ 08091
1521 BLACKWOOD CLEMENTON ROAD, BLACKWOOD, NJ 08012
425 BROAD STREET CTR, BLOOMFIELD, NJ 07003
568 MYRTLE AVE, BOONTON, NJ 07005
255 RT 130, BORDENTOWN, NJ 08505
944 RT 202 S, BRANCHBURG, NJ 08876
191 VAN ZILE ROAD, BRICK TOWNSHIP, NJ 08724
106 CHAMBERS BRIDGE RD, BRICKTOWN, NJ 08723
1056 N PEARL ST, BRIDGETON, NJ 08302
56 E BROAD ST, BRIDGETON, NJ 08302
680 PROMENADE BLVD, BRIDGEWATER, NJ 08807
118 TRENTON RD, BROWN MILLS, NJ 08015
615 YORK ST, BURLINGTON, NJ 08016
2102 MT HOLLY RD, BURLINGTON, NJ 08016
1479 ROUTE 23, BUTLER, NJ 07405
102 US HWY 206, BYRAM, NJ 07874
2720 MOUNT EPHRAIM AVE, CAMDEN, NJ 08104
1 HADDON AVE, CAMDEN, NJ 08103
227 N MAIN ST, CAPE MAY COURT HOUSE, NJ 08210
835 ROOSEVELT AVE, CARTERET, NJ 07008
35 MORRIS COUNTY MALL (CEDAR KNOLLS PLZ), CEDAR KNOLLS, NJ 07927
2428 KAIGHNS AVENUE, CHERRY HILL, NJ 08002
801 RT 38, CHERRY HILL, NJ 08002
24 W MARLTON PIKE, CHERRY HILL, NJ 08034
100 RT 130 N, CINNAMINSON, NJ 08077
108 CENTRAL AVE, CLARK, NJ 07066
358 NJ-35, CLIFFWOOD BEACH, NJ 07735
185 CENTER ST, CLINTON, NJ 08809
10 SIMPSON RD, COLUMBIA, NJ 07832
534 MONMOUTH RD, CREAM RIDGE, NJ 08514
4057 ROUTE 130, DELRAN, NJ 08075
1106 HURFFVILLE ROAD, DEPTFORD, NJ 08096
730 ROUTE 18 NORTH, EAST BRUNSWICK, NJ 08816
361 SOUTH RT 18, EAST BRUNSWICK, NJ 08816
305 ROUTE 10 EAST, EAST HANOVER, NJ 07936
375 CENTRAL AVE, EAST ORANGE, NJ 07018
496 ROUTE 130, EAST WINDSOR, NJ 08520
18 NJ-35, EATONTOWN, NJ 07724
549 RIVER RD, EDGEWATER, NJ 07020
4299 US SOUTH ROUTE 130, EDGEWATER PARK, NJ 08010
59 HWY 57, EDISON, NJ 08817
1511 ROUTE 1, EDISON, NJ 08837
1966 HWY 27, EDISON, NJ 08817
1075 ROUTE 1 S, EDISON, NJ 08837
911 WHITE HORSE PIKE, EGG HARBOR CITY, NJ 08215
6688 BLACKHORSE PIKE, EGG HARBOR TOWNSHIP, NJ 08234
420-34 RTE 1 N, ELIZABETH, NJ 07208
33 BROAD ST, ELIZABETH, NJ 07201
819 NORTH AVE E, ELIZABETH, NJ 07201
41/43 W PALISADE AVE, ENGLEWOOD, NJ 07631
16 WILSON AVE, ENGLISHTOWN, NJ 07726
78 RT 9, ENGLISHTOWN, NJ 07726
3701 BROADWAY, FAIR LAWN, NJ 07410
460 RT 46 E, FAIRFIELD, NJ 07004
289 BERGEN BLVD, FAIRVIEW, NJ 07022
293 RT 206, FLANDERS, NJ 07836
72 REAVILLE AVE, FLEMINGTON, NJ 08822
176 COLUMBIA TPKE, FLORHAM PARK, NJ 07932
2152 LEMOINE AVENUE, FORT LEE, NJ 07024
260 NJ-23, FRANKLIN, NJ 07416

85

TELEPHONE
603-356-9753
603-635-9926
603-238-9047
603-436-9689
603-895-9396
603-332-9848
603-332-6829
603-898-7923
603-474-8361
603-286-7332
603-456-2805
603-298-9845
603-539-3534
603-893-8205
603-747-3114
732-583-9696
609-645-2772
732-774-1785
609-344-1077
609-347-7737
732-291-7474
732-636-5975
609-660-1021
201-339-3174
201-858-9054
732-269-5777
973-751-6700
973-751-5218
201-384-0905
856-767-0311
856-767-6860
856-227-7123
973-429-7244
973-316-6115
609-298-9802
908-595-1381
732-840-8591
732-477-4280
856-451-9165
856-453-4787
732-801-5855
609-893-6992
609-387-9191
609-386-0632
973-492-0271
973-448-1117
856-962-8077
856-963-9658
609-465-4604
732-541-2100
973-267-6232
856-779-2000
856-665-9601
856-428-0150
856-303-2280
732-396-3445
732-739-1592
908-735-4499
908-496-8600
609-259-0419
856-764-0647
856-845-6128
732-613-8088
732-257-6173
973-884-9689
973-676-3170
609-443-4433
732-389-1764
201-941-3084
609-877-8142
732-906-9540
732-494-3121
732-985-3311
732-516-0505
609-965-2580
609-484-7007
908-351-4548
908-527-9550
908-469-8684
201-894-0048
732-446-9312
732-972-1663
201-794-1313
973-882-1251
201-313-2560
973-584-3853
908-782-4550
973-301-0347
201-944-4880
973-827-2557

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
MARGARET GILLIS
MARGARET GILLIS
JANICE AYALA
STEVEN C REEDY
KEITH SMOLAR
ANGELA ADDERLEY
JULIO MORGAN GILLIS
JULIO MORGAN GILLIS
ANTHONY J SCARI
JOHN R SCARI
DIANE KOURY
GEORGE R MICHELL
ALANA MARINELLO
CHRISTOPHER COTTRELL
STEVEN CHAPMAN
DOUGLAS F DAMIANO
DANIEL CHAPMAN
KEITH SMOLAR
CELESTINA S QUINTANA
HARRY H CHAPMAN III
HARRY H CHAPMAN III
GEORGE R MICHELL
PETER J FONSECA
PETER J FONSECA
CELESTINA S QUINTANA
CELESTINA S QUINTANA
CELESTINA S QUINTANA
JESSICA QUINTANA
JESSICA QUINTANA
ROSARIO IRACI
PHILIP J KOURY
STEVEN CHAPMAN
JOHN R SCARI
KEVIN L SMOLAR
THOMAS SMOLAR
RICHARD FONG
ANTHONY J SCARI
ANGELA ADDERLEY
PATRICK POWERS
JESSICA MATO
LINDA H DUNHAM
JULIO MORGAN GILLIS
KRISTEN A HULLINGS
MICHAEL E CLARK
MATTHEW COTTRELL
RICHARD DOANE
DANIEL CHAPMAN
JOHN R SCARI
ANTHONY J SCARI
RICHARD DOANE
KAREN TRAA
KAREN TRAA
MICHAEL E CLARK
THOMAS SMOLAR
JOHN R SCARI
KRISTEN A HULLINGS
JOHN R SCARI
PETER J FONSECA
STEVEN CHAPMAN
MATTHEW POTTER
KEITH SMOLAR
STEPHANIE A RAWDEN
MICHAEL E CLARK
THERESA M SANTORO
MICHAEL E CLARK
MICHAEL E CLARK
ANTHONY J SCARI
KEVIN L SMOLAR
MARGARET GILLIS
MARGARET GILLIS
PETER J FONSECA
ANTHONY J SCARI
CHRISTOPHER COTTRELL
CHRISTOPHER COTTRELL
LINDA H DUNHAM
ANA M MADAN
CELESTINA S QUINTANA
JESSICA QUINTANA
JESSICA QUINTANA
JESSICA QUINTANA
JESSICA QUINTANA
ANTHONY J SCARI
GEORGE R MICHELL
PETER J FONSECA
MARGARET GILLIS
ELIZABETH L HODGE
JOHN R SCARI
JOSEPH DAMIANO, JR.
MATTHEW COTTRELL
CHRISTINE SERAPHIN

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
940 EASTON AVENUE, FRANKLIN TOWNSHIP, NJ 08873
3636 RT 9, FREEHOLD, NJ 07728
180 PASSAIC ST, GARFIELD, NJ 07026
216 NORTH AVE, GARWOOD, NJ 07027
656 DELSEA DRIVE, GLASSBORO, NJ 08028
10 US HIGHWAY 22, GREEN BROOK, NJ 08812
343 RIVER ST, HACKENSACK, NJ 07601
193 ESSEX, HACKENSACK, NJ 07601
202 MOUNTAIN AVE, HACKETTSTOWN, NJ 07840
96 S WHITE HORSE PIKE, HAMMONTON, NJ 08037
461 RT 31 S, HAMPTON, NJ 08827
329 RTE 17 SOUTH, HASBROUCK HEIGHTS, NJ 07604
31-20 ROUTE 35, HAZLET, NJ 07730
410 SOUTH US HIGHWAY 206, HILLSBOROUGH, NJ 08844
395 LONG AVE, HILLSIDE, NJ 07205
234 WASHINGTON STREET, HOBOKEN, NJ 07030
3410 RT 9 SOUTH, HOWELL, NJ 07731
122 DELSEA DRIVE, HURFFVILLE, NJ 08080
783 SPRINGFIELD AVE, IRVINGTON, NJ 07111
260 COUNTY LINE ROAD, JACKSON, NJ 08527
1136 E VETERANS HIGHWAY, JACKSON, NJ 08527
30 MALL DR W (NEWPORT CENTER MALL), JERSEY CITY, NJ 07310
428 GRAND ST, JERSEY CITY, NJ 07303
197 12TH ST, JERSEY CITY, NJ 07310
737 SECAUCUS RD, JERSEY CITY, NJ 07047
2873 JOHN F KENNEDY BLVD, JERSEY CITY, NJ 07306
260 CENTRAL AVE, JERSEY CITY, NJ 07307-3067
325 GROVE ST, JERSEY CITY, NJ 07303
390 MARTIN LUTHER KING DRIVE, JERSEY CITY, NJ 07305
891 CUMMUNIPAW AVE, JERSEY CITY, NJ 07304
735 S RT 15, LAKE HOPATCONG, NJ 07849
98 RT 70, LAKEHURST, NJ 08733
408 RT 9 S, LANOKA HARBOR, NJ 08734
301 BRUNSWICK CIRCLE, LAWRENCE TOWNSHIP, NJ 08648
2940 BRUNSWICK PIKE, LAWRENCEVILLE, NJ 08648
1117 ROUTE 46 WEST, LEDGEWOOD, NJ 07852
53 BOONTON TPKE, LINCOLN PARK, NJ 07035
107 W EDGAR RD, LINDEN, NJ 07036
517 WHITE HORSE PIKE, LINDENWOLD, NJ 08021
460 RT 9 S, LITTLE EGG HARBOR, NJ 08087
405 US HWY 46 EAST, LITTLE FALLS, NJ 07424
319 ROUTE 46 EAST, LITTLE FERRY, NJ 07643
229 BROADWAY ST, LONG BRANCH, NJ 07740
700 WHITE HOURSE PIKE NORTH, MAGNOLIA, NJ 08049
150 RT 17 S, MAHWAH, NJ 07430
403 DELSEA DR, MALAGA, NJ 08328
757 RT 72 W, MANAHAWKIN, NJ 08050
2428 RT 35, MANASQUAN, NJ 08736
60 N MAIN ST, MANVILLE, NJ 08835
760 W ROUTE 70, MARLTON, NJ 08053
6048 HARDING HWY, MAYS LANDING, NJ 08330
4478 BLACK HORSE PIKE, MAYS LANDING, NJ 08330
601 STOKES RD, MEDFORD, NJ 08055
410 NJ STATE HWY 33, MERCERVILLE, NJ 08619
125 BOUND BROOK RD, MIDDLESEX, NJ 08846
925 HWY 35, MIDDLETOWN, NJ 07748
1027 N HIGH ST, MILLVILLE, NJ 08332
3955 US HIGHWAY 1, MONMOUTH JUNCTION, NJ 08852
1 GATEWAY BOULEVARD, MONROE TWP, NJ 08831
13 RT 23 RD, MONTAGUE, NJ 07827
1 W CAMDEN AVE, MOORESTOWN, NJ 08057
259 S BLACK HORSE PIKE, MOUNT EPHRAIM, NJ 08059
1660 STATE HWY 38, MOUNT HOLLY, NJ 08060
1864 BURLINGTON-MOUNT HOLLY RD, MOUNT HOLLY, NJ 08060
3049 ROUTE 38, MOUNT LAUREL, NJ 08054
1108 ROUTE 73, MOUNT LAUREL, NJ 08054
30 INTERNATIONAL DR SOUTH, MOUNT OLIVE, NJ 07828
133 BRIDGETON PIKE, MULLICA HILL, NJ 08062
3542 RT 66 EAST, NEPTUNE, NJ 07753
9 NJ-35, NEPTUNE CITY, NJ 7753
666 SOMERSET ST, NEW BRUNSWICK, NJ 08901
1771 SPRINGFIELD AVE, NEW PROVIDENCE, NJ 07974
872-934 FRELINGHUYSEN, NEWARK, NJ 07114
101-115 CLINTON AVE, NEWARK, NJ 07101
7944 PENN STATION (PENN STATION), NEWARK, NJ 07102
561 MCCARTER HWY, NEWARK, NJ 07102
334 W MARKET ST, NEWARK, NJ 07102
915 18TH AVE, NEWARK, NJ 07106
621 BROADWAY, NEWARK, NJ 07104
188 SPRINGFIELD AVENUE, NEWARK, NJ 07103
148 FERRY ST, NEWARK, NJ 07105
126 WATER ST, NEWTON, NJ 07860
8101 TONNELLE AVE, NORTH BERGEN, NJ 07047
600 GEORGES RD, NORTH BRUNSWICK, NJ 08902
979 ROUTE 1 S (WM #2003), NORTH BRUNSWICK, NJ 08902
3857 BAYSHORE RD, NORTH CAPE MAY, NJ 08204
1201 TILTON RD, NORTHFIELD, NJ 08225
240 LIVINGSTON STREET, NORTHVALE, NJ 07647
5734 BERKSHIRE VALLEY RD, OAK RIDGE, NJ 07438
2000 NJ-35, OCEAN, NJ 07712

86

TELEPHONE
732-937-4704
732-462-8474
973-777-9720
908-789-1299
856-881-2311
908-753-0455
201-487-1347
201-968-9878
908-852-3857
609-561-8278
908-537-9333
201-288-5121
732-203-0818
908-359-3330
908-686-4171
201-798-2078
732-367-7262
856-401-3040
973-373-9194
732-730-0123
732-364-1055
201-604-3871
201-433-0055
201-763-9994
201-653-1057
201-610-0029
201-418-8506
201-333-7888
201-434-2635
347-305-0656
973-663-5907
732-657-8200
609-693-2981
609-394-2800
609-771-0236
973-584-2244
973-696-1334
908-523-0246
856-435-0489
609-296-5600
973-256-5318
201-641-9632
732-571-1072
856-784-5397
201-529-1247
856-694-5116
609-978-2763
732-223-4131
908-595-9856
856-983-2550
609-625-1568
609-909-9380
609-953-0634
609-890-9605
732-968-2059
732-671-0925
856-327-0606
732-422-7318
908-262-2692
973-293-3671
856-727-1244
856-931-0624
609-261-4842
609-267-8544
856-778-9021
856-778-4499
973-448-9107
856-223-8633
732-922-2115
732-774-7907
732-247-9814
908-508-0045
973-643-9657
973-824-4463
973-624-5034
973-643-0810
973-642-0064
973-371-2876
973-482-3002
973-565-9438
973-465-8684
973-383-6100
201-868-9888
732-247-4774
732-937-7368
609-884-0840
609-646-5900
201-767-9779
973-208-7539
732-695-3185

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
PATRICK POWERS
ALANA MARINELLO
ANGELA ADDERLEY
MATTHEW COTTRELL
BRIAN HAIRSTON
MATTHEW COTTRELL
JESSICA QUINTANA
ANGELA ADDERLEY
ANGELA ADDERLEY
ANGELA ADDERLEY
ANGELA ADDERLEY
ALISA C HARRISON
ALISA C HARRISON
ALISA C HARRISON
STEPHANIE A RAWDEN
MICHAEL E CLARK
GRANT SKYLLAS
CHRISTIAN H RAWDEN
STEVEN CHAPMAN
SEAN MCINTYRE
SEAN MCINTYRE
CHRISTOPHER COTTRELL
PETER J FONSECA
ANGELA ADDERLEY
ANGELA ADDERLEY
PETER J FONSECA
KAREN TRAA
JULIO MORGAN GILLIS
CHRISTOPHER COTTRELL
HERBERT THOMAS
STEVEN C REEDY
ELIZABETH L HODGE
BRIAN HAIRSTON
KEITH SMOLAR
LISA ANN IRACI
CHRISTOPHER COTTRELL
DANIEL CHAPMAN
CHRISTOPHER COTTRELL
RICHARD DOANE
STEVEN C REEDY
RICHARD DOANE
GEORGE R MICHELL
PATRICK POWERS
DONNA M BELBEY
KAREN TRAA
ANTHONY J SCARI
MARGARET GILLIS
PETER J FONSECA
MARGARET GILLIS
MATTHEW COTTRELL
CHRISTIAN H RAWDEN
KRISTEN A HULLINGS
DONNA M BELBEY
DONNA M BELBEY
LINDA CHAPMAN
LINDA CHAPMAN
HARRY H CHAPMAN III
IRMA R ROSADO
THOMAS SMOLAR
THOMAS SMOLAR
THOMAS SMOLAR
PATRICK POWERS
PATRICK POWERS
DANIEL CHAPMAN
ALANA MARINELLO
GEORGE R MICHELL
CHRISTOPHER COTTRELL
MANISH SHAH
MANISH SHAH
MICHAEL E CLARK
JOHN R SCARI
MATTHEW COTTRELL
CHRISTINE SERAPHIN
MATTHEW COTTRELL
GEORGE R MICHELL
STEVEN C REEDY
GRANT SKYLLAS
ELIZABETH L HODGE
PATRICK POWERS
THOMAS SMOLAR
MARGARET GILLIS
DANIEL CHAPMAN
PATRICK POWERS
STEPHANIE A RAWDEN
KEITH SMOLAR
PATRICK POWERS
DAVID DE LA RIVA
JOSHUA M RAMSEY
JOSHUA M RAMSEY
TANEA CANTRALL

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
900 WEST AVE, OCEAN CITY, NJ 08226
1111 RT 9 N, OLD BRIDGE, NJ 08857
145-147 MAIN ST, ORANGE, NJ 07050
1 GARDEN STATE PLAZA (GARDEN STATE PLZ), PARAMUS, NJ 07652
828 RT 17 N, PARAMUS, NJ 07652
3111 RT 46 E, PARSIPPANY, NJ 07054
1155 RT 46 E, PARSIPPANY, NJ 07054
15-31 CENTRAL AVE, PASSAIC, NJ 07055
90 DAYTON AVENUE, PASSAIC, NJ 07055
160 MARKET ST, PATERSON, NJ 07505
265 CROOKS AVE, PATERSON, NJ 07503
485-497 BROADWAY, PATERSON, NJ 07514
835 MARKET ST, PATERSON, NJ 07513
186 3RD AVE, PATERSON, NJ 07514
43 BORRELLI BLVD, PAULSBORO, NJ 08066
1021 ROUTE 73, PENNSAUKEN, NJ 08110
6935 S CRESCENT BLVD, PENNSAUKEN, NJ 08110
417 N BROADWAY, PENNSVILLE, NJ 08070
633 NEW BRUNSWICK AVE, PERTH AMBOY, NJ 08861
660 MEMORIAL PKY E, PHILLIPSBURG, NJ 08865
1215 ROUTE 22 WEST, PHILLIPSBURG, NJ 08865
54 RT 46 W, PINE BROOK, NJ 07058
1301 STELTON ROAD, PISCATAWAY, NJ 08854
234 W FRONT ST, PLAINFIELD, NJ 07060
1241 SOUTH AVE, PLAINFIELD, NJ 07062
10 SCHALKS CROSSING ROAD, PLAINSBORO, NJ 08536
1045 BLACK HORSE PIKE, PLEASANTVILLE, NJ 08232
504B SEA AVE, POINT PLEASANT, NJ 08742
2024 RT 1 S, RAHWAY, NJ 07065
846 RT 17 N, RAMSEY, NJ 07446
130 RT 10, RANDOLPH, NJ 07801
3201 ROUTE 9 SOUTH, RIO GRANDE, NJ 08242
1118 MAIN ST, RIVER EDGE, NJ 07661
855 MARKETPLACE BLVD, ROBBINSVILLE, NJ 08691
201 RT 46, ROCKAWAY, NJ 07866
251 E SAINT GEORGES AVE, ROSELLE, NJ 07203
100 WESTFIELD AVE W, ROSELLE PARK, NJ 07204
189 US RTE 46, SADDLE BROOK, NJ 07663
437 E BROADWAY, SALEM, NJ 08079
1967 ROUTE 22, SCOTCH PLAINS, NJ 07076
2087 RT 9, SEAVILLE, NJ 08230
400 PARK PLACE (WM #3520), SECAUCUS, NJ 07094
582 BERLIN CROSS KEYS RD, SICKLERVILLE, NJ 08081
1786 HOOPER AVE, SILVERTON, NJ 08753
401 NEW RD, SOMERS POINT, NJ 08244
950 RTE 22 EAST, SOMERVILLE, NJ 08876
970 RT 9, SOUTH AMBOY, NJ 08879
316 DURHAM AVE, SOUTH PLAINFIELD, NJ 07080-2507
909 OAK TREE ROAD, SOUTH PLAINFIELD, NJ 07080
249 RT 10 E, SUCCASUNNA, NJ 07876
1701 CENTER SQUARE RD, SWEDESBORO, NJ 08085
588 SHREWSBURY AVE, TINTON FALLS, NJ 07724
371 RT 37 E, TOMS RIVER, NJ 08753
843 FISCHER BLVD, TOMS RIVER, NJ 08753
42 RT 37 W, TOMS RIVER, NJ 08753
2360 LAKEWOOD RD, TOMS RIVER, NJ 08755
916 RT 37 W, TOMS RIVER, NJ 08753
501 CHAMBERS STREET, TRENTON, NJ 08609
1885 N OLDEN AVE, TRENTON, NJ 08638
2603 S BROAD ST, TRENTON, NJ 08610
103-113 CASS ST, TRENTON, NJ 08611
5801 RT 42, TURNERSVILLE, NJ 08012
3501 RT 42, TURNERSVILLE, NJ 08012
2404 US 22, UNION, NJ 07083
825 RT 36, UNION BEACH, NJ 07735
3215 KENNEDY BLVD, UNION CITY, NJ 07087
833 N MAIN RD, VINELAND, NJ 08360
306 N DELSEA DR, VINELAND, NJ 08360
2707 S DELSEA DR, VINELAND, NJ 08360
702-2 HADDONFIELD BERLIN RD, VOORHEES, NJ 08043
1831 RT 35 S, WALL TOWNSHIP, NJ 07719
741 HAMBURG TPKE, WAYNE, NJ 07470
372 MONMOUTH RD, WEST LONG BRANCH, NJ 07764
43A MARSHALL HILL ROAD, WEST MILFORD, NJ 07480
5400 BERGENLINE AVE, WEST NEW YORK, NJ 07093
573 NORTHFIELD AVE, WEST ORANGE, NJ 07052
566 CUTHBERT BLVD, WESTMONT, NJ 08108
4900 PARK BLVD, WILDWOOD, NJ 08260
10 S BLACKHORSE PIKE, WILLIAMSTOWN, NJ 08094
605 BEVERLY RANCOCAS RD, WILLINGBORO, NJ 08046
330 RT 9 N, WOODBRIDGE, NJ 07095
753 ST GEORGES AVE, WOODBRIDGE TOWNSHIP, NJ 07095-3157
444 N BROAD ST, WOODBURY, NJ 08096
201 S EVERGREEN AVE, WOODBURY HEIGHTS, NJ 08097
400 WEST AVE (HWY 40 W), WOODSTOWN, NJ 08098
102 E MAIN ST, WRIGHTSTOWN, NJ 08562
I-40 EXIT 102, ACOMA, NM 87034
222 S WHITE SANDS RD, ALAMOGORDO, NM 88310-6563
3610 N WHITE SANDS BLVD, ALAMOGORDO, NM 88310
2305 CENTRAL AVE NW, ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87104

87

TELEPHONE
609-398-6554
732-525-5848
862-520-1146
201-368-3403
201-652-9428
973-335-8533
973-316-5800
973-779-9244
973-928-6505
973-684-9351
973-345-9138
973-278-4710
973-345-8830
973-684-5335
856-423-4783
856-488-0410
856-665-7855
856-299-9268
732-442-2980
908-859-2312
908-859-5025
973-575-9606
732-985-9093
908-753-2773
908-769-0047
609-897-0190
609-641-6900
732-899-2706
732-943-2602
201-327-0339
973-361-8383
609-465-7205
201-489-9216
609-581-9600
973-664-7656
908-245-1490
908-245-5383
201-845-8014
856-935-0841
908-322-5270
609-624-1600
551-312-8104
856-740-2240
732-255-2205
609-926-5900
908-575-7940
732-721-8040
908-462-1877
908-222-2163
973-252-7499
856-241-9452
732-530-0868
732-341-0099
732-270-8400
732-341-2665
732-942-9105
732-473-9540
609-989-1384
609-883-2815
609-888-9824
609-394-2200
856-227-1740
856-875-4466
908-688-9066
732-264-3535
201-866-6777
856-696-0749
856-692-6710
856-692-9168
856-566-9670
732-449-1666
973-595-9893
732-870-9167
973-728-1140
201-205-1242
862-520-1721
856-854-0261
609-522-4470
856-629-9450
609-871-7171
732-442-8704
732-636-1999
856-251-9224
856-848-8820
856-769-2990
609-723-0543
505-552-9013
575-437-2414
575-488-1132
505-242-3300

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
TANEA CANTRALL
TANEA CANTRALL
PATRICIA ARAGON
PATRICIA ARAGON
PATRICIA ARAGON
STEVE A ARAGON
STEVE A ARAGON
STEVE A ARAGON
DEAN A CANTRALL
DEAN A CANTRALL
JOSE NOEL DE LA RIVA
JOSE NOEL DE LA RIVA
JOSE NOEL DE LA RIVA
KENRIC GARCIA
KENRIC GARCIA
KENRIC GARCIA
KENRIC GARCIA
KENRIC GARCIA
KENRIC GARCIA
KENRIC GARCIA
KENRIC GARCIA
KENRIC GARCIA
KENRIC GARCIA
KENRIC GARCIA
KENRIC GARCIA
CLEMENTINA S GARZA
ROGELIO HERNANDEZ
ROGELIO HERNANDEZ
ROGELIO HERNANDEZ
ASHLEY KATE KARPENKO
ASHLEY KATE KARPENKO
ASHLEY KATE KARPENKO
ROSTISLAV KARPENKO
RICHARD A CASTRO
RICHARD A CASTRO
MICHAEL BRETT BRONSON
KENRIC GARCIA
CLEMENTINA S GARZA
KENRIC GARCIA
RICHARD A CASTRO
RICHARD A CASTRO
RICHARD A CASTRO
JOHN SNOWBERGER
JOHN SNOWBERGER
ROBYN M SNOWBERGER
MICHAEL BRETT BRONSON
W DAVID KONOPNICKI
JACK ROBERTSON
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
MICHAEL BRETT BRONSON
MICHAEL BRETT BRONSON
MICHAEL BRETT BRONSON
JOSE NOEL DE LA RIVA
JOSE NOEL DE LA RIVA
JOSE NOEL DE LA RIVA
JOSE NOEL DE LA RIVA
J MARTIN DE LA RIVA
KENNETH D FADKE
KENNETH D FADKE
KENNETH FADKE II
MICHAEL C LAVIN
MICHAEL C LAVIN
MICHAEL C LAVIN
MICHAEL C LAVIN
MICHAEL C LAVIN
MICHAEL C LAVIN
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
W DAVID KONOPNICKI
MICHAEL BRETT BRONSON
DEAN A CANTRALL
KENRIC GARCIA
KENNETH D FADKE
JOHN SNOWBERGER
GISELA T PHELAN
CLEMENTINA S GARZA
CLEMENTINA S GARZA
CLEMENTINA S GARZA
CLEMENTINA S GARZA
ROSTISLAV KARPENKO
ROSTISLAV KARPENKO
ROSTISLAV KARPENKO
ASHLEY KATE KARPENKO
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
JACK ROBERTSON
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
300 LOMAS BLVD NE, ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87102
9220 BROADWAY BLVD SE, ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87105
5900 MENAUL BLVD NE, ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87110-3240
8315 MONTGOMERY NE, ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87109-1603
2801 CARLISLE BLVD NE, ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87107
9515 CANDELARIA NE, ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87112-1304
11824 LOMAS BLVD NE, ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87112-5614
12601 MONTGOMERY NE, ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87111-4233
8001 HARPER DR NE, ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87109
1420 MONTANO RD NE, ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87107
925 SAN PEDRO DR NE, ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87108-1849
5001 GIBSON SE, ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87108-4623
8601 CENTRAL NE, ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87108
5324 4TH ST NW, ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87107-5206
1501 COORS BLVD NW, ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87121
2200 CENTRAL AVE SE, ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87106
3445 ISLETA SW, ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87105
13301 E CENTRAL NE, ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87123-3035
5301 QUAIL NW, ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87120
1901 COORS BLVD SW, ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87121
1523 4TH ST SOUTH, ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87102
6221 RIVERSIDE PLACE, ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87120
150 NORTH 98TH STREET, ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87121
1120 INDIAN SCHOOL RD NE, ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87102
3701 LAS ESTANCIAS COURT SW, ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87121
5700 MCMAHON BLVD NW, ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87114
1600 ALAMEDA BLVD NW, ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87106
8501 GOLF COURSE RD, ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87114
9500 UNIVERSE BLVD, ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87114
6300 SAN MATEO NE, ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87107
4300 OSUNA NE, ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87109
6200 HOLLY AVENUE, ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87113
1901 LADERA DR NW, ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87120
210 SOUTH FIRST STREET, ARTESIA, NM 88210
602 N 26TH ST, ARTESIA, NM 88210
104 W AZTEC BLVD, AZTEC, NM 87410
503 N MAIN, BELEN, NM 87002-3719
248 E HWY 44, BERNALILLO, NM 87004
845 BOSQUE FARMS BLVD, BOSQUE FARMS, NM 87068
327 S CANAL, CARLSBAD, NM 88220
2311 W PIERCE, CARLSBAD, NM 88220
3516 NATIONAL PARKS HWY, CARLSBAD, NM 88220
201 W 14TH ST, CLOVIS, NM 88101
2904 E MABRY DR, CLOVIS, NM 88101-8373
3801 N PRINCE ST, CLOVIS, NM 88101
6401 HWY 550, CUBA, NM 87013
721 W PINE, DEMING, NM 88030
2A SR 344, EDGEWOOD, NM 87015
1401 N RIVERSIDE, ESPANOLA, NM 87532
2215 E MAIN ST, FARMINGTON, NM 87401-7717
4750 E MAIN, FARMINGTON, NM 87401
1608 W MAIN STREET, FARMINGTON, NM 87401
2614 W HWY 66, GALLUP, NM 87301-6810
2300 E HISTORIC HIGHWAY 66, GALLUP, NM 87301
700 US HIGHWAY 491, GALLUP, NM 87301
1650 W MALONEY AVE (WM #906), GALLUP, NM 87301
1700 W SANTA FE, GRANTS, NM 87020-3544
1709 N TURNER, HOBBS, NM 88240-3801
3726 N LOVINGTON HWY, HOBBS, NM 88240
415 SOUTH DAL PASO STREET, HOBBS, NM 88240
2330 E LOHMAN AVE, LAS CRUCES, NM 88005
2495 N MAIN, LAS CRUCES, NM 88005
1150 HICKORY DRIVE, LAS CRUCES, NM 88001
1751 E UNIVERSITY AVE, LAS CRUCES, NM 88005
4810 MESA GRANDE DRIVE, LAS CRUCES, NM 88012
1620 EL PASEO ROAD, LAS CRUCES, NM 88001
1501 7TH ST, LAS VEGAS, NM 87701-4900
1105 S MAIN, LORDSBURG, NM 88045
901 TRINITY DR, LOS ALAMOS, NM 87544
1700 MAIN STREET, LOS LUNAS, NM 87031
652 MAIN ST NE, LOS LUNAS, NM 87031-9223
410 S MAIN, LOVINGTON, NM 88260
1020 W 1ST AVE, PORTALES, NM 88130-6609
542 CLAYTON RD, RATON, NM 87740
1390 RIO RANCHO BLVD, RIO RANCHO, NM 87124
2109 SOUTHERN BLVD SE, RIO RANCHO, NM 87124
3626 NEW MEXICO 528 NE, RIO RANCHO, NM 87004
2151 NORTHERN BLVD NE, RIO RANCHO, NM 87124
720 N MAIN, ROSWELL, NM 88201-4816
1804 S MAIN ST, ROSWELL, NM 88203
4100 N MAIN, ROSWELL, NM 88201
140 SUDDERTH AVE, RUIDOSO, NM 88345-6025
3299 CERRILLOS RD, SANTA FE, NM 87501-2924
1621 PACHECO ST, SANTA FE, NM 87501-3964
1007 SO ST FRANCIS DRIVE, SANTA FE, NM 87505
5020 PROMENADE BLVD, SANTA FE, NM 87507
55 CITIES OF GOLD ROAD, SANTA FE, NM 87506
6419 AIRPORT RD, SANTA FE, NM 87507
1504 WILL ROGERS DR, SANTA ROSA, NM 88435
4198 US HWY 491, SHIPROCK, NM 87420

88

TELEPHONE
505-246-0300
505-877-0711
505-884-3517
505-292-3171
505-830-2453
505-298-5863
505-293-5512
505-299-5297
505-823-9821
505-345-1814
505-265-4275
505-256-0450
505-255-9338
505-344-6314
505-831-4740
505-265-2750
505-877-7830
505-292-9120
505-839-4024
505-877-3771
505-842-0276
505-899-4135
505-831-1571
505-242-6512
505-873-6135
505-897-4331
505-897-0310
505-792-2200
505-457-7177
505-508-1157
505-344-9100
505-821-1521
505-344-9100
575-748-9030
000-000-0000
505-334-6824
505-864-3121
505-867-9060
505-869-2685
575-725-5213
575-885-5789
000-000-0000
575-762-0291
575-769-1880
575-935-9356
575-289-2345
575-546-7736
505-286-9400
505-367-0020
505-327-4925
505-324-0537
505-325-9200
505-863-4369
505-722-6133
505-722-0002
505-863-1955
505-287-3584
575-393-2918
575-492-0963
575-393-4137
575-526-4941
575-525-8108
575-523-7972
575-532-1244
575-373-2004
575-526-6304
505-454-1103
575-542-8819
505-662-8856
505-565-2178
505-865-7370
575-396-7272
575-359-0204
575-245-5569
505-892-3800
505-892-6222
505-867-4308
505-892-6857
575-622-4752
575-625-8799
575-622-6088
575-257-7547
505-471-0411
505-988-9500
505-984-1490
505-471-3735
505-455-9305
505-474-6557
575-472-3336
505-368-3844

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
W DAVID KONOPNICKI
W DAVID KONOPNICKI
ANGEL E PALA
W DAVID KONOPNICKI
JOHN SNOWBERGER
CHRISTOPHER A KASSITY
BRENT BOHN
CHRISTOPHER A KASSITY
CHRISTOPHER A KASSITY
CHRISTOPHER A KASSITY
CHRISTOPHER A KASSITY
CHRISTOPHER A KASSITY
CHRISTOPHER A KASSITY
CHRISTOPHER SMITH
ROBERT D HUMASON, JR.
ROBERT D HUMASON, JR.
SHARON KASSITY
F RONALD SMITH
F RONALD SMITH
F RONALD SMITH
F RONALD SMITH
F RONALD SMITH
JAMES B VANCE
KRISTA L VANCE
KRISTA L VANCE
YOUSEF KANJEE
YOUSEF KANJEE
YOUSEF KANJEE
YOUSEF KANJEE
ERIC M ARLT
ERIC M ARLT
ERIC M ARLT
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
ANTHONY C BROADBENT
ANTHONY C BROADBENT
ANTHONY C BROADBENT
ANTHONY C BROADBENT
MICHELE HAYNES-WATTS
MICHELE HAYNES-WATTS
MICHELE HAYNES-WATTS
MICHELE HAYNES-WATTS
MICHAEL G KIEL
MICHAEL G KIEL
MICHAEL G KIEL
MICHAEL G KIEL
PATRICIA NAVARRO-ISSEL
PATRICIA NAVARRO-ISSEL
PATRICIA NAVARRO-ISSEL
PATRICIA NAVARRO-ISSEL
PATRICIA NAVARRO-ISSEL
SAMANTHA SCHAEFER-KIEL
SAMANTHA SCHAEFER-KIEL
CHRISTOPHER SMITH
CHRISTOPHER SMITH
CHRISTOPHER SMITH
F RONALD SMITH
F RONALD SMITH
F RONALD SMITH
F RONALD SMITH
F RONALD SMITH
F RONALD SMITH
F RONALD SMITH
F RONALD SMITH
TIMOTHY THOMAS
TIMOTHY THOMAS

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
1105 HWY 180 E, SILVER CITY, NM 88061
1102 N CALIFORNIA ST, SOCORRO, NM 87801-4266
200 S SANTA FE RD, TAOS, NM 87571
2109 N DATE ST, TRUTH OR CONSEQUENCES, NM 87901
2608 S 1ST ST, TUCUMCARI, NM 88401-4203
930 BROYLES RD, BATTLE MOUNTAIN, NV 89820
1237 BOULDER CITY PARKWAY, BOULDER CITY, NV 89005-1868
2001 N CARSON ST, CARSON CITY, NV 89706-2248
3905 S CARSON ST, CARSON CITY, NV 89701
3 DAYTON VILLAGE PKWY, DAYTON, NV 89403
1995 IDAHO ST, ELKO, NV 89801-2630
2540 MOUMTAIN CITY HWY, ELKO, NV 89801
1695 GREAT BASIN BLVD, ELY, NV 89301
8556 BLUE DIAMOND RD, ENTERPRISE, NV 89178
2005 W WILLIAMS AVE, FALLON, NV 89406-2688
1500 HWY 343, FERNLEY, NV 89408
1055 F ST, HAWTHORNE, NV 89415
601 N STEPHANIE, HENDERSON, NV 89014
701 E HORIZON, HENDERSON, NV 89015
65 SOUTH VALLE VERDE DRIVE, HENDERSON, NV 89012
310 N BOULDER HWY, HENDERSON, NV 89015
220 W SUNSET, HENDERSON, NV 89105
3452 ST ROSE PKWY, HENDERSON, NV 89052
2217 N GREEN VALLEY, HENDERSON, NV 89014-5024
10020 S EASTERN, HENDERSON, NV 89052
836 N NELLIS BLVD, LAS VEGAS, NV 89110-5308
4400 E CHARLESTON, LAS VEGAS, NV 89104
6680 E LAKE MEAD BLVD, LAS VEGAS, NV 89156
1980 N LAMB BLVD, LAS VEGAS, NV 89115
3020 EDESERT INN RD, LAS VEGAS, NV 89121
2886 S NELLIS BLVD, LAS VEGAS, NV 89122
108 N JONES BLVD, LAS VEGAS, NV 89107
3815 S MARYLAND PKY, LAS VEGAS, NV 89109
3451 W TROPICANA, LAS VEGAS, NV 89118
1601 W CHARLESTON BLVD, LAS VEGAS, NV 89102-2333
3700 S PARADISE RD, LAS VEGAS, NV 89109-4605
2550 E SUNSET RD, LAS VEGAS, NV 89120-3513
2340 S RAINBOW, LAS VEGAS, NV 89102-2977
4105 S EASTERN, LAS VEGAS, NV 89119
8120 S EASTERN, LAS VEGAS, NV 89123
2050 E CHARLESTON BLVD, LAS VEGAS, NV 89104
2000 S LAS VEGAS BLVD (THE STRAT), LAS VEGAS, NV 89104
2248 PARADISE RD, LAS VEGAS, NV 89104
4855 S MARYLAND PKY, LAS VEGAS, NV 89119
1501 W LAKE MEAD, LAS VEGAS, NV 89106
2851 W WASHINGTON, LAS VEGAS, NV 89107
1195 E SAHARA AVE, LAS VEGAS, NV 89109
3999 S LAS VEGAS BLVD (BY MANDALAY BAY), LAS VEGAS, NV 89119
4774 ALTA DR, LAS VEGAS, NV 89107
2650 W SAHARA, LAS VEGAS, NV 89102
7530 W WASHINGTON, LAS VEGAS, NV 89128
3475 S LAS VEGAS BLVD (HARRAH'S), LAS VEGAS, NV 89109
4321 W FLAMINGO RD (THE PALMS), LAS VEGAS, NV 89103
4401 W SAHARA AVE, LAS VEGAS, NV 89102
6595 N DECATUR BLVD, LAS VEGAS, NV 89131
2896 S LAS VEGAS BLVD, LAS VEGAS, NV 89109
3717 S LAS VEGAS BLVD (BY PLANET HLWD), LAS VEGAS, NV 89109
3229 E TROPICANA AVE, LAS VEGAS, NV 89121-7328
7851 W CHARLESTON, LAS VEGAS, NV 89117
4804 W LONE MOUNTAIN, LAS VEGAS, NV 89130
10290 W CHARLESTON BLVD, LAS VEGAS, NV 89135
6021 W CRAIG ROAD, LAS VEGAS, NV 89130
7662 W LAKE MEAD, LAS VEGAS, NV 89128
3500 E BONANZA, LAS VEGAS, NV 89110
8425 WEST CENTENNIAL, LAS VEGAS, NV 89149
8620 W CHEYENNE AVE, LAS VEGAS, NV 89129
3175 N RANCHO, LAS VEGAS, NV 89130-3302
4075 S BUFFALO DR, LAS VEGAS, NV 89117
900 S RAMPART, LAS VEGAS, NV 89145
2047 N DECATUR BLVD, LAS VEGAS, NV 89108
4934 BOULDER HWY, LAS VEGAS, NV 89121-3016
1980 VILLAGE CENTER, LAS VEGAS, NV 89134
4215 LAS VEGAS BLVD N, LAS VEGAS, NV 89115
6360 W CHARLESTON, LAS VEGAS, NV 89146
5198 BOULDER HIGHWAY (WM #3350), LAS VEGAS, NV 89121
2020 N RAINBOW, LAS VEGAS, NV 89108
9566 W SKYE CANYON PARK DRIVE, LAS VEGAS, NV 89166
7171 W ANN RD, LAS VEGAS, NV 89130
7150 W CRAIG RD, LAS VEGAS, NV 89129
8480 FARM RD, LAS VEGAS, NV 89131
4945 W FLAMINGO RD, LAS VEGAS, NV 89103
6020 W TROPICANA, LAS VEGAS, NV 89103
8635 W SPRING MOUNTAIN, LAS VEGAS, NV 89146
5811 E CHARLESTON BLVD, LAS VEGAS, NV 89142
6480 S DURANGO, LAS VEGAS, NV 89113
9415 W TROPICANA, LAS VEGAS, NV 89147
4135 SOUTH GRAND CANYON DRIVE, LAS VEGAS, NV 89147
6850 S FORT APACHE ROAD, LAS VEGAS, NV 89148
5947 SPRING MOUNTAIN RD, LAS VEGAS, NV 89103
5111 BOULDER HWY (SAM'S TOWN), LAS VEGAS, NV 89122

89

TELEPHONE
575-534-4583
575-835-3684
575-758-9762
575-894-6259
575-461-4900
775-635-8222
702-294-0682
775-883-1097
775-882-8022
775-515-4418
775-777-7754
775-738-7077
775-289-2272
702-263-7109
775-423-2020
775-575-5957
775-945-1200
702-898-1881
702-565-1465
702-263-1002
702-565-7222
702-558-6288
725-772-0636
702-454-3485
702-269-4166
702-452-8624
702-453-1233
702-531-9222
702-378-9645
702-892-9670
702-431-5869
702-870-3032
702-735-2266
702-736-2357
702-384-0019
702-731-5756
702-795-0435
702-227-3924
702-678-6300
702-896-5353
702-387-0166
702-678-5115
702-796-0664
702-891-0803
702-636-9930
702-636-2003
702-457-0488
702-739-3423
702-880-0527
702-362-3446
702-240-4248
702-734-3058
702-507-5114
702-873-1707
702-396-2437
702-732-3200
702-891-0586
702-433-2627
702-360-3595
702-658-5442
702-304-2637
725-735-2218
702-228-2203
702-438-1200
702-646-5200
702-998-5001
702-645-9041
702-247-6300
702-940-5469
702-331-0646
702-434-1831
702-804-1502
702-643-0200
702-258-0298
702-855-0042
702-646-8288
725-204-5828
702-396-3311
702-515-7581
702-839-0359
702-365-8233
702-222-1922
702-804-6333
702-457-1183
702-263-3569
702-220-3942
702-431-2435
725-204-7711
702-888-1692
702-434-2560

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
JAMES B VANCE
JAMES B VANCE
JAMES B VANCE
JAMES B VANCE
JAMES B VANCE
KRISTA L VANCE
KRISTA L VANCE
ABELARDO MARTINEZ, III
ROBERT D HUMASON, JR.
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
CHRISTOPHER A KASSITY
THOMAS A MCKENNIE
TANISHA WILLIAMS
ERIC M ARLT
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
PATRICIA NAVARRO-ISSEL
TIMOTHY THOMAS
BRENT BOHN
BRENT BOHN
MARK WATSON
JULIANNA KENDRICK
ROBERT D HUMASON, JR.
ROBERT D HUMASON, JR.
THOMAS A MCKENNIE
THOMAS A MCKENNIE
THOMAS A MCKENNIE
THOMAS A MCKENNIE
THOMAS A MCKENNIE
THOMAS A MCKENNIE
THOMAS A MCKENNIE
THOMAS A MCKENNIE
THOMAS A MCKENNIE
BRENT BOHN
ROBERT D HUMASON, JR.
JORDAN RUIZ
CHADWICK L HUMASON
CHADWICK L HUMASON
CHADWICK L HUMASON
ROBERT D HUMASON, JR.
BOBBY J ROETZEL
BOBBY J ROETZEL
CHRISTOPHER A KASSITY
SHARON KASSITY
CARLOS R MATEOS
DAVID B SINGELYN
GEORGE R MICHELL
GEORGE R MICHELL
GEORGE R MICHELL
GEORGE R MICHELL
JOSEPH SPADEA
JOSEPH SPADEA
JULIO MORGAN GILLIS
DAVID B SINGELYN
DAVID B SINGELYN
JEFFREY BYRNE
HARRY SCHATMEYER, III
HARRY SCHATMEYER, III
HARRY SCHATMEYER, III
JONAH KAUFMAN
JOSEF GIALIL
HAROLD T CLARK, III
HARRY SCHATMEYER, III
PAUL HENDEL
THOMAS G PARKER
HERBERT J THOMAS, III
HERBERT J THOMAS, III
JUSTIN MACCARTHY
JOSHUA KAUFMAN
CARLOS R MATEOS
JOSEF GIALIL
HARRY SCHATMEYER, III
HARRY SCHATMEYER, III
W. DAVID FOSTER, II
JOSHUA KAUFMAN
MICHAEL A SULLIVAN
BRYAN O COLLEY
HAROLD T CLARK, III
HAROLD T CLARK, III
HAROLD T CLARK, III
PERLA L GONZALEZ
JONAH KAUFMAN
KATIE HUNT-ROTOLO
CARLOS R MATEOS
PAUL D TREFZ
LOUIS BUONO, JR.

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
7310 S LAS VEGAS BLVD, LAS VEGAS, NV 89123
6915 BLUE DIAMOND ROAD, LAS VEGAS, NV 89124
10590 SOUTHERN HIGHLANDS PARKWAY, LAS VEGAS, NV 89141
6990 S RAINBOW ROAD, LAS VEGAS, NV 89118
3885 BLUE DIAMOND RD, LAS VEGAS, NV 89139
1343 SILVERADO RANCH, LAS VEGAS, NV 89123
9760 S LAS VEGAS BLVD, LAS VEGAS, NV 89183
1900 S CASINO DR (AQUARIUS), LAUGHLIN, NV 89029-1513
1555 MAIN ST, LOVELOCK, NV 89419
190 E PIONEER BLVD, MESQUITE, NV 89027
181 S FALCON RIDGE BLVD, MESQUITE, NV 89027
908 SANTA ANITA AVE, MINDEN, NV 89423
18200 WEDGE PKWY, MT ROSE, NV 89511
3010 LAS VEGAS BLVD N, NORTH LAS VEGAS, NV 89030
5740 LOSEE ROAD, NORTH LAS VEGAS, NV 89081
1003 E LAKE MEAD BLVD, NORTH LAS VEGAS, NV 89030
1406 W CRAIG RD, NORTH LAS VEGAS, NV 89031
2836 W ANN RD, NORTH LAS VEGAS, NV 89031
911 EAST CHEYENNE AVENUE, NORTH LAS VEGAS, NV 89030
1180 EAST CRAIG ROAD, NORTH LAS VEGAS, NV 89081
6680 NORTH FIFTH STREET, NORTH LAS VEGAS, NV 89086
2513 E OWENS AVE, NORTH LAS VEGAS, NV 89030
310 S MOAPA BLVD, OVERTON, NV 89040
710 S HWY 160, PAHRUMP, NV 89048
31900 S LAS VEGAS BLVD, PRIMM, NV 89019
RENO-TAHOE AIRPORT - RNO, RENO, NV 89502
1150 KIETZKE LN, RENO, NV 89502-2714
3308 S MCCARRAN BLVD, RENO, NV 89502-6442
440 KEYSTONE AVE, RENO, NV 89503-4302
5000 S VIRGINIA ST, RENO, NV 89502-6018
120 LEMMON DR, RENO, NV 89506-8799
1810 SILVERADA BLVD, RENO, NV 89512-2100
5148 MAE ANNE BLVD, RENO, NV 89523-1855
305 E PLUMB LN, RENO, NV 89502
10595 STEAD BLVD RENO, RENO, NV 89506
735 S MEADOWS PKY, RENO, NV 89521
1071 STEAMBOAT PARKWAY, RENO, NV 89521
670 US HWY 95 S, SEARCHLIGHT, NV 89046
9725 PYRAMID WAY, SPANISH SPRINGS, NV 89441
610 E PRATER WAY, SPARKS, NV 89431-4680
2095 BRIERLEY WAY, SPARKS, NV 89434
2905 N MCCARRAN, SPARKS, NV 89431
401 LOS ALTOS PKWY, SPARKS, NV 89436
140 W 1ST AVE, SUN VALLEY, NV 89433
157 HIGHWAY 93 SOUTH, WELLS, NV 89835
1120 W WENDOVER BLVD, WEST WENDOVER, NV 89835
1930 W WINNEMUCCA BLVD, WINNEMUCCA, NV 89445-3637
164 W GOLDFIELD, YERINGTON, NV 89447
58 W CHURCH ST, ADAMS, NY 13605
12976 MAIN ST, AKRON, NY 14001
1602 WESTERN AVENUE, ALBANY, NY 12203
106 WOLF RD, ALBANY, NY 12205
391 CENTRAL AVE, ALBANY, NY 12206
1814 CENTRAL AVE, ALBANY, NY 12205
1006 CENTRAL AVE, ALBANY, NY 12205
31 HOLLAND AVE, ALBANY, NY 12209
161 WASHINGTON AVE EXTENSION, ALBANY, NY 12205
112 WEST AVE, ALBION, NY 14411
12755 BROADWAY, ALDEN, NY 14004
3540 MAIN ST, AMHERST, NY 14226
1385 NIAGARA FALLS BLVD, AMHERST, NY 14226
3120 NIAGARA FALLS BLVD, AMHERST, NY 14228
3400 SHERIDAN DRIVE, AMHERST, NY 14226-1544
900 BROADWAY RT 110, AMITYVILLE, NY 11701
158 MARKET ST, AMSTERDAM, NY 12010
7774 NYS RT 434, APALACHIN, NY 13732
700 W MAIN ST, ARCADE, NY 14009
2250 31ST ST, ASTORIA, NY 11105
31-67 STEINWAY ST, ASTORIA, NY 11103
357 GENESEE ST, AUBURN, NY 13021
198 GRANT AVE, AUBURN, NY 13021
250 EAST MAIN ST, AVON, NY 14414
1255 GRAND AVE, BALDWIN, NY 11510
2234 DOWNER STREET RD, BALDWINSVILLE, NY 13027
201 CHURCH AVE RTE 50, BALLSTON SPA, NY 12020
4138 W MAIN ST, BATAVIA, NY 14020
573 E MAIN ST, BATAVIA, NY 14020
398 W MORRIS ST, BATH, NY 14810
1484 5TH AVE, BAY SHORE, NY 11706
203-11 NORTHERN BLVD, BAYSIDE, NY 11361
605 BEDFORD RD, BEDFORD HILLS, NY 10507
488 490TH COURT ST, BINGHAMTON, NY 13904
167 MAIN ST, BINGHAMTON, NY 13905
704 FRONT STREET, BINGHAMTON, NY 13905
3450 MCKINLEY PKWY, BLASDELL, NY 14219-2129
32 MONTAUK HWY, BLUE POINT, NY 11715
762 SUFFOLK AVE, BRENTWOOD, NY 11717
9563 BREWERTON RD, BREWERTON, NY 13029
1620 ROUTE 22, BREWSTER, NY 10509
6500 BROCKPORT SPENCER PORT RD, BROCKPORT, NY 14420

90

TELEPHONE
702-269-6322
702-361-2868
702-270-4153
702-269-7640
702-431-1655
702-269-8623
702-896-3000
702-298-1000
775-273-0209
702-346-1227
702-346-2146
775-782-5842
775-853-2322
702-649-5638
702-633-5161
702-642-6730
702-649-7578
702-656-4621
702-639-0801
725-204-8278
702-639-2372
702-464-3124
702-397-6736
775-727-8765
702-382-8800
775-324-7756
775-348-6225
775-825-8645
775-329-7444
775-827-2209
775-972-3300
775-331-3560
775-747-1700
775-322-3773
775-677-2241
775-852-8088
775-852-8050
702-297-2022
775-425-1537
775-358-2355
775-331-0466
775-359-1800
775-432-0008
775-674-2122
775-752-3499
775-664-3633
775-623-5161
775-463-1838
315-232-4166
716-542-6200
518-218-1300
518-459-2150
518-462-9998
518-239-0466
518-650-7450
518-434-0957
518-464-7607
585-589-6682
716-937-4900
716-832-6221
716-833-2159
716-213-0014
716-837-1373
631-789-4033
518-843-1023
607-625-3009
585-492-2475
718-932-8690
718-267-1343
315-252-4000
315-252-7061
585-226-6770
516-385-2729
315-638-1587
518-885-9996
585-344-2524
585-343-0696
607-776-3992
631-647-8472
718-423-1577
914-244-8596
607-722-7133
607-422-2497
607-722-7412
716-828-0899
631-363-0002
631-273-1077
315-668-8444
845-278-7324
585-637-2350

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
JOSEPH GUERRIERA
JOSEPH GUERRIERA
CHRISTIAN C TREFZ
CHRISTIAN C TREFZ
CHRISTIAN C TREFZ
PETER J FONSECA
PETER J FONSECA
PETER J FONSECA
PETER J FONSECA
PETER J FONSECA
PETER J FONSECA
BRUCE D COLLEY
BRUCE D COLLEY
BRUCE D COLLEY
BRUCE D COLLEY
BRUCE D COLLEY
BRUCE D COLLEY
BRUCE D COLLEY
BRUCE D COLLEY
BRUCE D COLLEY
BRUCE D COLLEY
SAM R DELUCA
CORTESIA NORMAN
CATHERINE P PERNA
CATHERINE P PERNA
CATHERINE P PERNA
CATHERINE P PERNA
CATHERINE P PERNA
CATHERINE P PERNA
JUAN A RODRIGUEZ
JUAN A RODRIGUEZ
JUAN A RODRIGUEZ
JUAN A RODRIGUEZ
JUAN A RODRIGUEZ
JUAN A RODRIGUEZ
JUAN A RODRIGUEZ
JUAN A RODRIGUEZ
GEORGE R MICHELL
GEORGE R MICHELL
GEORGE R MICHELL
GEORGE R MICHELL
GEORGE R MICHELL
GEORGE R MICHELL
PAUL GOODMAN
PAUL GOODMAN
PAUL GOODMAN
PAUL GOODMAN
PAUL GOODMAN
MARK B HENDEL
PAUL HENDEL
PAUL HENDEL
PAUL HENDEL
PAUL HENDEL
PAUL HENDEL
PAUL HENDEL
PAUL HENDEL
PAUL HENDEL
PAUL HENDEL
PAUL HENDEL
PAUL HENDEL
PAUL HENDEL
PAUL HENDEL
ROSARIO IRACI
ROSARIO IRACI
ROSARIO IRACI
ROSARIO IRACI
ROSARIO IRACI
ROSARIO IRACI
JOSHUA KAUFMAN
JOSHUA KAUFMAN
JOSHUA KAUFMAN
GERALD LAURINO
GERALD LAURINO
GERALD LAURINO
GERALD LAURINO
GERALD LAURINO
GERALD LAURINO
GERALD LAURINO
GERALD LAURINO
JOHN LAURINO
JOHN LAURINO
JOHN LAURINO
MICHAEL A SULLIVAN
MICHAEL A SULLIVAN
DAVID B SINGELYN
DAVID B SINGELYN
DAVID B SINGELYN
DAVID B SINGELYN
DAVID B SINGELYN
JEFFREY BYRNE

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
85 BRUCKNER BLVD, BRONX, NY 10454
597-99 GRAND CONCOURSE, BRONX, NY 10451
5765 BROADWAY, BRONX, NY 10463
724 E 241ST ST, BRONX, NY 10470
4174 WHITE PLAINS RD, BRONX, NY 10466
2065 JEROME AVE, BRONX, NY 10453
36 W FORDHAM RD, BRONX, NY 10468
1101 E TREMONT AVE, BRONX, NY 10460
86 E 167TH ST, BRONX, NY 10452
1 W MOUNT EDEN AVE, BRONX, NY 10452
101 E 170TH ST, BRONX, NY 10456
2630 JEROME AVE, BRONX, NY 10468
2870 3RD AVE, BRONX, NY 10451
3550 CONNER ST, BRONX, NY 10475
1600 BOSTON RD, BRONX, NY 10460
3279 3RD AVENUE, BRONX, NY 10456
1745 UNIVERSITY AVE, BRONX, NY 10453
2010 BARTOW AVE, BRONX, NY 10470
1826 EASTCHESTER RD, BRONX, NY 10461
279 E 149TH ST, BRONX, NY 10451
925 HUNTS POINT BLVD, BRONX, NY 10474
3660 E TREMONT AVE, BRONX, NY 10465
1540 WESTCHESTER AVE, BRONX, NY 10472
1212 E GUN HILL RD, BRONX, NY 10469
1865 BRUCKNER BLVD, BRONX, NY 10472
300 E 204TH ST, BRONX, NY 10467
2516 WHITE PLAINS RD, BRONX, NY 10467
3509 WEBSTER AVENUE, BRONX, NY 10467
2170 WHITE PLAINS RD, BRONX, NY 10462
1982 WESTCHESTER AVENUE, BRONX, NY 10462
1515 WILLIAMSBRIDGE RD, BRONX, NY 10461
599 E TREMONT AVE, BRONX, NY 10457
1600 BRUCKNER BLVD, BRONX, NY 10473
51-67 E 161ST ST, BRONX, NY 10451
2505 SOUTHERN BLVD, BRONX, NY 10458
875 GARRISON AVE, BRONX, NY 10474
1625 WEBSTER AVE, BRONX, NY 10457
968 4TH AVE, BROOKLYN, NY 11232
3525 FORT HAMILTON PKY, BROOKLYN, NY 11218
1656 UTICA AVE, BROOKLYN, NY 11234
880 CONEY ISLAND AVENUE, BROOKLYN, NY 11218
5121 5TH AVE, BROOKLYN, NY 11220
840 ATLANTIC AVE, BROOKLYN, NY 11238
943 FLATBUSH AVE, BROOKLYN, NY 11226
700 BROADWAY, BROOKLYN, NY 11206
741 GRAND ST, BROOKLYN, NY 11211
267 BROADWAY, BROOKLYN, NY 11211
652 MEEKER AVE, BROOKLYN, NY 11222
1275 FULTON STEET, BROOKLYN, NY 11216
35-40 NOSTRAND AVE, BROOKLYN, NY 11229
2413 86TH STREET, BROOKLYN, NY 11214
6620 BAY PKY, BROOKLYN, NY 11204
180 PARKSIDE AVE, BROOKLYN, NY 11226
289 9TH ST, BROOKLYN, NY 11215
357 HAMILTON AVE, BROOKLYN, NY 11231
2240 FLATBUSH AVE, BROOKLYN, NY 11226
430 86TH ST, BROOKLYN, NY 11209
7602 FLATLANDS AVE, BROOKLYN, NY 11236
1983 86TH ST, BROOKLYN, NY 11214
7124 3RD AVE, BROOKLYN, NY 11209
428 KNICKERBOCKER AVE, BROOKLYN, NY 11237
1380 BROADWAY, BROOKLYN, NY 11221
2154 NOSTRAND AVE, BROOKLYN, NY 11210
904 MANHATTAN AVE, BROOKLYN, NY 11222
395 FLATBUSH AVE EXTEN, BROOKLYN, NY 11201
1531 FULTON ST, BROOKLYN, NY 11216
2410 CONEY ISLAND AVE, BROOKLYN, NY 11223
82 COURT ST, BROOKLYN, NY 11201
606 NEPTUNE AVE, BROOKLYN, NY 11224
1642 PITKIN AVE, BROOKLYN, NY 11212
1403 MERMAID AVENUE, BROOKLYN, NY 11224
2797 LINDEN BLVD, BROOKLYN, NY 11208
819 PENNSYLVANIA AVE, BROOKLYN, NY 11207
1133 EASTERN PARKWAY, BROOKLYN, NY 11213
2800 ATLANTIC AVE, BROOKLYN, NY 11207-2628
701 UTICA AVE, BROOKLYN, NY 11203
57 EMPIRE BLVD, BROOKLYN, NY 11226
5707-13 CHURCH AVE, BROOKLYN, NY 11203
1883 ATLANTIC AVENUE, BROOKLYN, NY 11207
15 JAMAICA AVE, BROOKLYN, NY 11207
139 FLATBUSH AVE (ATLANTIC TERMINAL), BROOKLYN, NY 11217
3143 ATLANTIC AVE, BROOKLYN, NY 11208-1937
1467 ROCKAWAY PKY, BROOKLYN, NY 11236
2028 ROCKAWAY PKY, BROOKLYN, NY 11236
1338 MAIN ST, BUFFALO, NY 14209
2156 NIAGARA ST, BUFFALO, NY 14207
262 GRIDER ST, BUFFALO, NY 14215
390 NIAGARA ST, BUFFALO, NY 14201
453 WILLIAMS ST, BUFFALO, NY 14204
2058 ELMWOOD AVE, BUFFALO, NY 14216

91

TELEPHONE
718-585-8368
718-402-8608
718-796-4447
718-231-2085
718-547-1823
718-733-2819
929-416-8148
718-824-4123
718-992-8642
718-901-4930
718-410-9150
718-220-1982
718-665-5373
718-994-2083
718-542-7915
718-401-3419
718-294-1309
718-320-2749
718-239-8660
718-292-8812
718-215-8275
718-822-1040
347-963-9691
718-798-6196
718-863-7289
718-653-1387
718-882-7541
718-231-9210
718-931-5822
347-802-4395
718-409-1670
718-731-4755
718-617-0869
718-590-1990
718-364-2493
718-617-0329
718-299-0849
718-788-9226
718-285-0617
718-338-0808
718-285-0645
718-233-6257
718-783-5766
718-693-5353
718-599-2870
718-302-2450
718-302-3177
718-486-6195
999-999-9999
718-769-2433
718-303-4200
718-236-2136
718-282-2289
718-832-8600
718-624-6688
718-377-1151
718-238-7999
718-444-8654
718-449-7432
718-491-0223
718-919-7660
718-573-8797
347-305-7488
347-315-0002
347-315-3511
347-315-0004
347-315-0009
929-450-4962
718-996-1029
718-484-9413
718-372-2859
718-827-4227
718-272-3362
718-493-0800
347-505-8613
718-778-0023
718-282-8100
718-922-6085
718-953-5864
718-342-7253
917-618-6032
718-964-9600
718-257-7400
718-241-0006
716-270-0150
716-332-0705
716-893-5521
716-847-0070
716-847-2619
716-332-0206

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
PERLA L GONZALEZ
PERLA L GONZALEZ
DAVE OPSTAD
MICHAEL J MCLAUGHLIN
PAUL HENDEL
COLLEEN M MCLAUGHLIN
TIMOTHY G POTTER
HAROLD T CLARK, III
CARLOS R MATEOS
JOHN LAURINO
PAUL D TREFZ
MICHAEL J MCLAUGHLIN
DAVE OPSTAD
HAROLD T CLARK, III
MICHAEL DAGGETT
MICHAEL DAGGETT
KATIE HUNT-ROTOLO
CARLOS R MATEOS
BRYAN O COLLEY
WILLIAM R MARCELLUS
DIANE P BUSTOS
JEFFREY BYRNE
JEFFREY BYRNE
DAVID FREIMAN
PERLA L GONZALEZ
MATTHEW POTTER
CARLOS R MATEOS
CARLOS R MATEOS
JOSEF GIALIL
JOSEF GIALIL
JOSEF GIALIL
HAROLD T CLARK, JR.
JOSEF GIALIL
JOHN BERT
JOSHUA KAUFMAN
JOSEF GIALIL
KATIE HUNT-ROTOLO
W. DAVID FOSTER, II
PETER J FONSECA
PETER J FONSECA
KRIS SEXTON
KRIS SEXTON
JOSIE TREFZ
DAVID B SINGELYN
LOUIS BUONO, JR.
HAROLD T CLARK, III
BRYAN O COLLEY
GEORGE R MICHELL
DAVID B SINGELYN
DAVID FREIMAN
DAVID FREIMAN
DAVID B SINGELYN
JOY CARLOS WONG
HAROLD T CLARK, III
JEFFREY BYRNE
JOHN BERT
JONAH KAUFMAN
MARIA KAUFMAN
JONAH KAUFMAN
MATTHEW POTTER
JOHN BERT
GRANT D KEMMERER
GRANT D KEMMERER
ELISA CASTIGLIONE
HAROLD T CLARK, III
TIMOTHY G POTTER
JOHN BERT
JONAH KAUFMAN
TIMOTHY G POTTER
JONAH KAUFMAN
JANIS KEMMERER
JOSIE TREFZ
JOHN BERT
PAUL GOODMAN
GIOVANNA SOLIMEO
PAUL GOODMAN
PAOLO A SOLIMEO
ELISA CASTIGLIONE
DAVID B SINGELYN
JOSHUA KAUFMAN
JOSEF GIALIL
CARLOS R MATEOS
JOSEF GIALIL
JOHN LAURINO
JUSTIN MACCARTHY
JOE FERRINO
TIMOTHY G POTTER
JOHN BERT
MARIA J SULLIVAN
GERALD LAURINO

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
1028 MC KINLEY PKY, BUFFALO, NY 14220
1970 KENSINGTON AVE, BUFFALO, NY 14215
7621 NY-32, CAIRO, NY 12413
7952 ROUTE 11, CALCIUM, NY 13616
216-07 LINDEN BLVD, CAMBRIA HEIGHTS, NY 11411
5288 W GENESEE ST, CAMILLUS, NY 13031
17 ELLEN POLIMENI BLVD, CANANDAIGUA, NY 14424
13 N PETERBORO ST, CANASTOTA, NY 13032
105 EAST MAIN STREET, CANTON, NY 13617
95 WESTBURY AVE, CARLE PLACE, NY 11514
1931 US RTE 6, CARMEL, NY 10512
98 BRIDGE ST, CARTHAGE, NY 13619
55 MAPLE AVENUE RTE 9W, CATSKILL, NY 12414
2300 TOWN & COUNTRY PLAZA, CAZENOVIA, NY 13035
626 MONTAUK HWY, CENTER MORICHES, NY 11934
1724 MIDDLE COUNTRY RD, CENTEREACH, NY 11720
13 W SUFFOLK AVE, CENTRAL ISLIP, NY 11722
3001 EAST AVE, CENTRAL SQUARE, NY 13036
498 RED APPLE CT (WOODBURY COMMON), CENTRAL VALLEY, NY 10917
1044 RTE 11, CHAMPLAIN, NY 12919
2567 UNION RD, CHEEKTOWAGA, NY 14227
3815 UNION RD, CHEEKTOWAGA, NY 14225
1735 WALDEN AVE, CHEEKTOWAGA, NY 14225
4217 GENESEE ST, CHEEKTOWAGA, NY 14225
2256 CLINTON ST, CHEEKTOWAGA, NY 14206
73 BROOKSIDE AVE (RTE 17M), CHESTER, NY 10918
5879 RT 31, CICERO, NY 13039
7893 BREWERTON ROAD, CICERO, NY 13039
829 NY RT 146, CLIFTON PARK, NY 12065
1517 CRESCENT VISCHER FERRY RD, CLIFTON PARK, NY 12065
1487 RT 9, CLIFTON PARK, NY 12065
37 MEADOW ST, CLINTON, NY 13323
702 E MAIN ST, COBLESKILL, NY 12043
138-11 20TH AVE, COLLEGE POINT, NY 11356
2 VANDERBILT PKWY, COMMACK, NY 11725
60 COMMONS DR, COOPERSTOWN, NY 13326
313 MIDDLE COUNTRY RD, CORAM, NY 11727
80 DENISON PKY, CORNING, NY 14830
37-19 JUNCTION BLVD, CORONA, NY 11368
40-12 NATIONAL ST, CORONA, NY 11368
158 CLINTON AVE, CORTLAND, NY 13045
877 NY-13, CORTLAND, NY 13045
3481 US HIGHWAY 202, CORTLANDT MANOR, NY 10567
97 GENESEE ST, CUBA, NY 14727
53 MAPLE ST, DANSVILLE, NY 14437
3207 ERIE BLVD E, DE WITT, NY 13214
3 MAIN ST, DELHI, NY 13753
132 DELAWARE AVE, DELMAR, NY 12054
4993 TRANSIT ROAD STATE RTE 78, DEPEW, NY 14043
6360 TRANSIT ST, DEPEW, NY 14043
5150 BROADWAY AVENUE, DEPEW, NY 14086
6890 ERIE RD, DERBY, NY 14047
3078 ROUTE 22, DOVER PLAINS, NY 12522
59 NORTH ST, DRYDEN, NY 13053
17 ERNST PL, EAST AURORA, NY 14052
88-05 ASTORIA BLVD, EAST ELMHURST, NY 11369
2361 HEMPSTEAD TURNPIKE, EAST MEADOW, NY 11554
1999 JERICHO TURNPIKE, EAST NORTHPORT, NY 11731
769 MONTAUK HWY, EAST PATCHOGUE, NY 11772
49 N MAIN ST, ELLENVILLE, NY 12428
80-03 QUEENS BLVD, ELMHURST, NY 11373
410-15 N MAIN ST, ELMIRA, NY 14901
1600 CEDAR ST, ELMIRA, NY 14904
1420 HEMPSTEAD TURNPIKE, ELMONT, NY 11003-2401
603 E MAIN ST, ENDICOTT, NY 13760
6720 PITTSFORD PALMYRA RD, FAIRPORT, NY 14450
2141 MOTT AVE, FAR ROCKAWAY, NY 11691
655 FULTON ST, FARMINGDALE, NY 11735
6092 RT 96, FARMINGTON, NY 14425
2301 N OCEAN AVE, FARMINGVILLE, NY 11738
400 TOWNE DRIVE, FAYETTEVILLE, NY 13066
453 US RTE 9 (DUCHESS MALL), FISHKILL, NY 12524
3001 STRATTON ST, FLUSHING, NY 11354
72-69 KISSENA BLVD, FLUSHING, NY 11367
40-18 MAIN STREET, FLUSHING, NY 11354
106-15 71ST AVE, FOREST HILLS, NY 11375
98-01 METROPOLITAN AVE, FOREST HILLS, NY 11375
575 FRANKLIN AVE, FRANKLIN SQUARE, NY 11010
10365 BENNETT RD, FREDONIA, NY 14063
157 MERRICK RD, FREEPORT, NY 11520
364 BROADWAY, FT EDWARD, NY 12828
701 S 4TH STREET, FULTON, NY 13069
37 RIVERSIDE DR, FULTONVILLE, NY 12072
637 STEWART AVE, GARDEN CITY, NY 11530
1965 CHILI AVE, GATES, NY 14624
4162 LAKEVILLE RD, GENESEO, NY 14454
307 HAMILTON STREET, GENEVA, NY 14456
193 GLEN ST, GLEN COVE, NY 11542
256-03 UNION TURNPIKE, GLEN OAKS, NY 11004
70-02 COOPER AVE, GLENDALE, NY 11385

92

TELEPHONE
716-821-1211
716-839-2957
518-622-8720
315-629-4078
718-528-7764
315-488-5459
585-396-1350
315-697-2342
315-714-1013
516-742-0526
845-225-2845
315-493-1742
518-943-0102
315-655-3581
631-878-2099
631-732-5254
631-234-1110
315-668-3282
845-928-2040
518-298-3011
716-656-7846
716-683-3376
716-895-5265
716-226-3056
716-332-2198
845-469-2335
315-698-1134
315-452-0983
518-371-2913
518-383-2543
518-373-9792
315-853-6001
518-234-2467
718-358-1177
631-499-2117
607-547-1110
631-732-1440
607-962-1105
718-458-6259
718-424-5106
607-753-3402
607-753-3112
914-737-2400
585-968-3935
585-335-8880
315-446-1551
607-746-7489
518-239-0059
716-681-4725
716-226-3053
716-226-3057
716-947-5099
845-877-3514
607-375-7932
716-652-9759
718-898-7437
516-731-9750
631-499-9762
631-289-3020
845-647-7779
718-478-1204
607-733-2303
607-734-1875
516-488-6680
607-754-2135
585-223-7026
718-868-2289
516-752-8070
585-924-2840
631-698-4030
315-637-9050
845-896-7778
718-539-4570
718-880-2102
718-939-1881
718-793-8181
718-263-7281
516-354-4420
716-270-0174
516-223-0836
518-747-9321
315-593-2096
518-853-3826
516-745-6303
585-464-0730
585-243-0509
315-781-0077
516-671-7455
718-343-5367
718-497-0722

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
GEORGE R MICHELL
JULIO MORGAN GILLIS
JOSEF GIALIL
CARLOS R MATEOS
HARRY SCHATMEYER, III
JEFFREY BYRNE
JOSEPH SPADEA
WARREN D WEICHBRODT
JOHN LAURINO
DAVID B SINGELYN
DAVID B SINGELYN
MICHAEL J MCLAUGHLIN
KATIE HUNT-ROTOLO
BRYAN O COLLEY
BRYAN O COLLEY
DEAN W COLLEY
PAUL GOODMAN
TIMOTHY G POTTER
HAROLD T CLARK, JR.
JOHN BERT
JAIME LIEDTKE
DEAN W COLLEY
RODERICK MILLER
LAUREN HENDEL FREW
LOUIS BUONO, JR.
GRANT D KEMMERER
GRANT D KEMMERER
PAUL GOODMAN
JULIO MORGAN GILLIS
ANTHONY M LIEDTKE
DAVE OPSTAD
DAVE OPSTAD
HAROLD T CLARK, JR.
DAVID B SINGELYN
KATIE HUNT-ROTOLO
KATIE HUNT-ROTOLO
HERBERT J THOMAS, III
HERBERT J THOMAS, III
PETER J FONSECA
ELISA CASTIGLIONE
ELISA CASTIGLIONE
ELISA CASTIGLIONE
BRUCE D COLLEY
THOMAS G PARKER
THOMAS G PARKER
THOMAS G PARKER
GIOVANNA SOLIMEO
DAVID B SINGELYN
DAVID B SINGELYN
DAVID B SINGELYN
STEVEN FRAZIER
HAROLD T CLARK, III
HAROLD T CLARK, III
JOSEF GIALIL
DAVID FREIMAN
DAVE OPSTAD
DAVE OPSTAD
DAVE OPSTAD
DAVID FREIMAN
GRANT D KEMMERER
WILLIAM R MARCELLUS
KATIE HUNT-ROTOLO
JUSTIN MACCARTHY
JOSEF GIALIL
JOHN BERT
LOUIS BUONO, JR.
JONAH KAUFMAN
BRYAN O COLLEY
ANTHONY M LIEDTKE
JAIME LIEDTKE
RICHARD KRAHLING
MICHAEL A SULLIVAN
GRANT D KEMMERER
COLLEEN M MCLAUGHLIN
COLLEEN M MCLAUGHLIN
DAVID FREIMAN
HARRY SCHATMEYER, III
JAIME LIEDTKE
PAUL GOODMAN
PAUL GOODMAN
MARK B HENDEL
GEORGE R MICHELL
GRANT D KEMMERER
KATIE HUNT-ROTOLO
WARREN D WEICHBRODT
WARREN D WEICHBRODT
JOY CARLOS WONG
PETER NAPOLI
JOHN LAURINO
BRUCE D COLLEY

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
376 FEURA BUSH RD, GLENMONT, NY 12077
241-243 SARATOGA ROAD, GLENVILLE, NY 12302
220 5TH AVENUE EXTENSION RTE 30, GLOVERSVILLE, NY 12078
118 E MAIN ST, GOUVERNEUR, NY 13642
325 BUFFALO ST, GOWANDA, NY 14070
2231 GRAND ISLAND BLVD, GRAND ISLAND, NY 14072
8644 STATE HWY 22, GRANVILLE, NY 12832
3700 DEWEY AVENUE, GREECE, NY 14616
1249 RT 29, GREENWICH, NY 12834
6035 S PARK AVE, HAMBURG, NY 14075
5087 CAMP RD, HAMBURG, NY 14075
168 UTICA ST (NY-12B), HAMILTON, NY 13346
196 W MONTAUK HWY, HAMPTON BAYS, NY 11946
86 W MAIN ST, HANCOCK, NY 13783
407 N CENTRAL PARK AVE, HARTSDALE, NY 10530
254 RT 9 W, HAVERSTRAW, NY 10927
340 PENINSULA BLVD, HEMPSTEAD, NY 11550
4840 W HENRIETTA RD, HENRIETTA, NY 14467
103 N CAROLINE ST, HERKIMER, NY 13350
805 S BROADWAY, HICKSVILLE, NY 11801
280 N BROADWAY, HICKSVILLE, NY 11801
104 W POINT HWY, HIGHLAND FALLS, NY 10928
140 SOUTH AVE, HILTON, NY 14468
204-11 HILLSIDE AVE, HOLLIS, NY 11423
950 STATE ROUTE 36, HORNELL, NY 14843
3327 CHAMBERS RD, HORSEHEADS, NY 14845
2152 GRAND CENTRAL AVENUE, HORSEHEADS, NY 14845
159-40 CROSS BAY BLVD, HOWARD BEACH, NY 11414
149 FAIRVIEW AVE, HUDSON, NY 12534
344 W JERICHO TPKE, HUNTINGTON, NY 11743
4258 ALBANY POST RD, HYDE PARK, NY 12538
650 US HWY 9W, HYLAND, NY 12528
30 E CLARK ST, ILION, NY 13357
687 ROUTE 5, IRVING, NY 14081
1850 VETERANS HWY (WM #2917), ISLANDIA, NY 11749
107 MAIN ST, ISLIP, NY 11751
372 ELMIRA RD, ITHACA, NY 14850
2350 N TRIPHAMMER, ITHACA, NY 14850
37-59 82ND ST, JACKSON HEIGHTS, NY 11372
166-05 ROCKAWAY BLVD, JAMAICA, NY 11434
JFK AIRPORT - JFK TERM 1, JAMAICA, NY 11430
JFK AIRPORT - JFK TERM 4, JAMAICA, NY 11430
159-01 JAMAICA AVENUE, JAMAICA, NY 11432
114-01 SUTPHIN BLVD, JAMAICA, NY 11434
181-25 HILLSIDE AVENUE, JAMAICA, NY 11432
166-01 BAISLEY BOULEVARD, JAMAICA, NY 11434
138-32 JAMIACA AVE, JAMAICA, NY 11435
957 FAIRMONT AVE, JAMESTOWN, NY 14701
704 FOOTE AVE, JAMESTOWN, NY 14701
2803 NORTH MAIN EXTENSION, JAMESTOWN, NY 14701
105 JERICHO TPKE, JERICHO, NY 11753
560 HARRY L DR, JOHNSON CITY, NY 13790
339 MAIN ST, JOHNSON CITY, NY 13790
220 NORTH COMRIE AVE, JOHNSTOWN, NY 12095
3534 DELAWARE AVE, KENMORE, NY 14217
555 ALBANY AVE, KINGSTON, NY 12401
1232 ULSTER AVE, KINGSTON, NY 12401
1111 NY-55, LA GRANGEVILLE, NY 12540
1234 ABBOTT RD, LACKAWANNA, NY 14218
5961 RT 20, LAFAYETTE, NY 13084
2174 SARANAC AVE, LAKE PLACID, NY 12946
174 PORTION RD, LAKE RONKONKOMA, NY 11779
5965 BIG TREE RD, LAKEVILLE, NY 14480
579 TROY SCHENECTADY RD, LATHAM, NY 12110
365 ROCKAWAY TPKE, LAWRENCE, NY 11559
67 MAIN ST, LE ROY, NY 14482
3839 HEMPSTEAD TURNPIKE, LEVITTOWN, NY 11756
58 SULLIVAN AVE, LIBERTY, NY 12754
221 SUNRISE HWY, LINDENHURST, NY 11757
334 E MONTAUK HWY, LINDENHURST, NY 11757
50 ALBANY ST, LITTLE FALLS, NY 13365
250-01 NORTHERN BLVD, LITTLE NECK, NY 11363
421 7TH NORTH STREET, LIVERPOOL, NY 13088
3869 ROUTE 31, LIVERPOOL, NY 13090
7505 OSWEGO ROAD, LIVERPOOL, NY 13089
3929 LOCKPORT OLCOTT RD, LOCKPORT, NY 14094
5863 S TRANSIT RD, LOCKPORT, NY 14094-6319
665 LONG BEACH RD, LONG BEACH, NY 11561
32-55 31ST ST, LONG ISLAND CITY, NY 11106
3802 QUEENS BLVD, LONG ISLAND CITY, NY 11101
31-46 21ST ST, LONG ISLAND CITY, NY 11106
256 OSBORNE RD, LOUDONVILLE, NY 12211
7404 TURIN RD, LOWVILLE, NY 13367
121 MERRICK RD, LYNBROOK, NY 11563
8 FORGHAM ST, LYONS, NY 14489
1241 PITTSFORD-PALMYRA ROAD, MACEDON, NY 14502
154 ROUTE 6, MAHOPAC, NY 10541
3375 STATE ROUTE 11, MALONE, NY 12953
519 RTE 67, MALTA, NY 12020
1205 OLD BOSTON POST ROAD, MAMARONECK, NY 10543

93

TELEPHONE
518-449-1012
518-399-1956
518-725-6949
315-287-1366
716-532-2179
716-773-2154
518-642-3449
585-865-4851
518-692-9790
716-648-4949
716-646-5678
315-824-4001
631-723-1072
607-637-2333
914-948-5507
845-825-0962
516-292-2355
585-334-0178
315-866-7970
516-932-5380
516-681-2434
845-446-4935
585-392-3535
718-217-7405
607-324-3367
607-796-9278
607-739-5548
718-843-0017
518-828-4811
631-351-2105
845-229-7868
845-691-7028
315-894-4905
716-934-0470
631-232-0129
631-665-6420
607-273-6030
607-257-8008
718-476-0747
718-917-8498
718-751-2833
718-751-4288
718-526-3725
718-845-0581
718-523-0109
718-528-4219
718-558-8665
716-484-8157
716-487-0817
716-665-3557
516-876-0140
607-770-7083
607-770-7942
518-762-4961
716-204-5459
845-331-6794
845-336-2100
845-485-3103
716-226-3051
315-677-9194
518-523-3761
631-467-8599
585-346-2170
518-785-3131
516-371-4990
585-768-2913
516-731-9112
845-292-3107
631-888-0405
631-226-5313
315-823-0845
718-229-7701
315-424-1200
315-622-3534
315-622-5883
716-226-3055
716-434-1467
516-432-6442
718-545-6803
347-345-2474
718-545-0294
518-459-2502
315-376-7100
516-593-5356
315-946-3353
315-986-2649
845-628-0794
518-483-7520
518-899-7121
914-698-2863

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
TIMOTHY G POTTER
PETER J FONSECA
PETER J FONSECA
BRUCE D COLLEY
SAM R DELUCA
PAUL GOODMAN
MICHAEL DAGGETT
JULIAN BARSAMIAN-MONCRIEF
JONAH KAUFMAN
PETER NAPOLI
PETER NAPOLI
EST OF PETER K HUNT
JOSEF GIALIL
JONAH KAUFMAN
HARRY SCHATMEYER, III
STEVEN FRAZIER
KATIE HUNT-ROTOLO
CARLOS R MATEOS
KATIE HUNT-ROTOLO
DEAN W COLLEY
MATTHEW POTTER
KATIE HUNT-ROTOLO
PETER ROTOLO
JOY CARLOS WONG
MATTHEW COTTRELL
BRYAN O COLLEY
DEAN W COLLEY
BRYAN O COLLEY
CORTESIA NORMAN
CORTESIA NORMAN
LOUIS BUONO, JR.
HERBERT THOMAS
DEAN W COLLEY
HAROLD T CLARK, JR.
JOHN BERT
DAVE OPSTAD
BRUCE D COLLEY
BRUCE D COLLEY
DEAN W COLLEY
PETER J FONSECA
PETER J FONSECA
PETER J FONSECA
PETER J FONSECA
PETER J FONSECA
PETER J FONSECA
PETER J FONSECA
PETER J FONSECA
PETER J FONSECA
PETER J FONSECA
PETER J FONSECA
PETER J FONSECA
PETER J FONSECA
BRUCE D COLLEY
BRUCE D COLLEY
BRUCE D COLLEY
BRUCE D COLLEY
BRUCE D COLLEY
BRUCE D COLLEY
BRUCE D COLLEY
BRUCE D COLLEY
BRUCE D COLLEY
BRUCE D COLLEY
BRUCE D COLLEY
SAM R DELUCA
SAM R DELUCA
PAUL GOODMAN
PAUL GOODMAN
PAUL GOODMAN
PAUL GOODMAN
PAUL GOODMAN
PAUL GOODMAN
PAUL GOODMAN
PAUL GOODMAN
PAUL GOODMAN
PAUL HENDEL
PAUL HENDEL
PAUL HENDEL
PAUL HENDEL
PAUL HENDEL
PAUL HENDEL
PAUL HENDEL
PAUL HENDEL
GERALD LAURINO
CHRISTOPHER A NORMAN
WARREN D WEICHBRODT
DEAN W COLLEY
DEAN W COLLEY
DEAN W COLLEY
DAVID FREIMAN
DAVID FREIMAN

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
4126 NY RT 96, MANCHESTER, NY 14504
809 AVE OF THE AMERICAS, MANHATTAN, NY 10001
14 E 47TH ST, MANHATTAN, NY 10017
490 8TH AVE, MANHATTAN, NY 10001
208 DYCKMAN ST, MANHATTAN, NY 10040
1651 BROADWAY (51ST & BROADWAY), MANHATTAN, NY 10019
560 CORD ROUTE 111, MANORVILLE, NY 11949
59-60 55TH ROAD, MASPETH, NY 11378
5500 SUNRISE HWY, MASSAPEQUA, NY 11758
324 S MAIN ST, MASSENA, NY 13662
6098 STATE HWY 37, MASSENA, NY 13662
8850 MAIN RD NY 25, MATTITUCK, NY 11952
1 PARK PLAZA, MECHANICVILLE, NY 12118
1710 ROUTE 112, MEDFORD, NY 11763
11201 MAPLE RIDGE RD, MEDINA, NY 14103
729 RT 110, MELVILLE, NY 11747
1813 MERRICK RD, MERRICK, NY 11566
3362 MAIN ST, MEXICO, NY 13114
1175 MIDDLE COUNTRY ROAD, MIDDLE ISLAND, NY 11953
113 DOLSON AVE, MIDDLETOWN, NY 10940
481 RT 211 E, MIDDLETOWN, NY 10940
340 RT 25A, MILLER PLACE, NY 11764
60 JERICHO TPKE, MINEOLA, NY 11501
3078 EAST MAIN STREET, MOHEGAN LAKE, NY 10547
501 RT 17M, MONROE, NY 10950
1 INDIAN ROCK, MONTEBELLO, NY 10901
2083 STATE HWY RT 208 S, MONTGOMERY, NY 12549
4360 NY-42, MONTICELLO, NY 12701
470 S FULTON AVE, MOUNT VERNON, NY 10550
6 GRAMATAN AVE, MOUNT VERNON, NY 10550
13 E STATE ST, MT MORRIS, NY 14510
265 RT 59, NANUET, NY 10954
33 CALVARY DR W, NEW CITY, NY 10956
8522 SENECA TURNPIKE, NEW HARTFORD, NY 13413
2045 JERICHO TPKE, NEW HYDE PARK, NY 11040
261 MAIN ST, NEW PALTZ, NY 12561
270 MAIN ST, NEW ROCHELLE, NY 10801
720 NORTH AVE, NEW ROCHELLE, NY 10801
2639 ROUTE 32, NEW WINDSOR, NY 12553
1499 3RD AVE, NEW YORK, NY 10028
3543-49 BROADWAY, NEW YORK, NY 10031
1872 3RD AVE, NEW YORK, NY 10029
724 BROADWAY, NEW YORK, NY 10003
167 CHAMBERS ST (CHAMBERS & GREENWICH), NEW YORK, NY 10013
1286 1ST AVE, NEW YORK, NY 10021
1188 6TH AVE, NEW YORK, NY 10036
354 W 125TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10027
208 VARICK ST, NEW YORK, NY 10014
1871 2ND AVE, NEW YORK, NY 10029
151 WEST 34TH STREET (MACY'S 7TH FLOOR), NEW YORK, NY 10001
18 E 42ND ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017
3809 BROADWAY, NEW YORK, NY 10032
2549 BROADWAY, NEW YORK, NY 10025
2049 BROADWAY, NEW YORK, NY 10023
4259 BROADWAY, NEW YORK, NY 10033
4040 BROADWAY, NEW YORK, NY 10033
444 LENOX AVE, NEW YORK, NY 10030
2142 3RD AVE, NEW YORK, NY 10027
404 E 14TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10009
824 3RD AVENUE 50TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10022
839 WESTCHESTER AVENUE, NEW YORK, NY 10455
2726 BROADWAY, NEW YORK, NY 10025
148 W 125TH STREET, NEW YORK, NY 10029
608 WEST 207TH STREET, NEW YORK, NY 10034
16 WESTCHESTER SQUARE, NEW YORK, NY 10461
429 7TH AVE (ACROSS FROM MSG), NEW YORK, NY 10001
966 3RD AVE, NEW YORK, NY 10022
946 8TH AVE, NEW YORK, NY 10019
480 3RD AVE, NEW YORK, NY 10016
556 7TH AVE, NEW YORK, NY 10018
262 CANAL ST, NEW YORK, NY 10013
160 BROADWAY, NEW YORK, NY 10038
26 E 23RD ST, NEW YORK, NY 10010
661 8TH AVE, NEW YORK, NY 10036
336 E 23RD ST, NEW YORK, NY 10010
39 UNION SQUARE W, NEW YORK, NY 10003
541 6TH AVE, NEW YORK, NY 10011
102 1ST AVE, NEW YORK, NY 10009
114 DELANCEY ST, NEW YORK, NY 10002
401 PARK AVE S, NEW YORK, NY 10016
686 6TH AVE, NEW YORK, NY 10010
1528 BROADWAY (TIMES SQUARE), NEW YORK, NY 10036
5804 CLAREDON RD, NEW YORK, NY 11203
2379 ADAM CLAYTON POWELL JR BLVD, NEW YORK, NY 10030
531 W UNION ST, NEWARK, NY 14513
65 N PLANK, NEWBURGH, NY 12550
1403 RT 300, NEWBURGH, NY 12550
347 BROADWAY, NEWBURGH, NY 12550
8320 NIAGARA FALLS BLVD, NIAGARA FALLS, NY 14304
1726 PINE AVE, NIAGARA FALLS, NY 14301

94

TELEPHONE
585-289-9575
212-463-9495
646-649-2822
212-947-0771
212-569-2909
212-586-5530
631-874-4692
718-326-5500
516-798-9192
315-769-9091
315-764-8097
631-298-8042
518-664-8844
631-289-2888
585-798-6992
631-423-3433
516-868-4446
315-963-4530
631-448-8019
845-343-3301
845-343-7320
631-331-3180
516-248-8402
914-528-0180
845-782-2100
845-357-2501
845-457-9581
845-794-5768
914-699-4296
914-664-4929
585-658-1342
845-623-1157
845-638-2715
315-735-4722
516-488-1950
845-255-8141
914-576-4972
914-636-9223
845-561-9550
212-628-8100
212-491-6860
212-996-2864
212-529-9660
212-608-2405
212-249-3551
917-965-2723
646-850-3553
646-483-9817
267-916-0879
212-594-1964
212-599-2127
212-568-7903
212-864-8138
212-724-0435
917-521-0827
212-923-9582
212-283-7798
347-637-0574
212-598-0045
646-918-6867
718-215-8754
212-222-8714
646-998-3697
212-304-3611
718-239-2500
212-736-7890
212-753-5360
212-586-6676
212-532-8186
212-869-1918
212-941-5823
212-385-2066
646-682-9277
212-320-2267
212-228-5529
212-645-9079
212-463-8869
212-477-9171
212-529-9770
212-683-4919
212-604-0621
917-409-5946
718-451-0834
212-283-0559
315-331-2499
845-565-2327
845-564-0102
845-561-3345
716-226-3054
716-226-3052

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
KATIE HUNT-ROTOLO
JAIME LIEDTKE
CARLOS R MATEOS
HARRY SCHATMEYER, III
JONAH KAUFMAN
KRIS SEXTON
HERBERT THOMAS
JAIME LIEDTKE
PAUL HENDEL
CARLOS R MATEOS
DAVID P SINGELYN
HAROLD T CLARK, III
BRYAN O COLLEY
ABDUL HADI MOWLA
DIANE P BUSTOS
BRYAN O COLLEY
RICHARD KRAHLING
RICHARD KRAHLING
TIMOTHY G POTTER
HAROLD T CLARK, III
MARIA J SULLIVAN
PAUL GOODMAN
W. DAVID FOSTER, II
JOSEF GIALIL
JONAH KAUFMAN
JOY CARLOS WONG
HARRY SCHATMEYER, III
TIMOTHY G POTTER
PETER NAPOLI
DEAN W COLLEY
KATIE HUNT-ROTOLO
PETER NAPOLI
PETER NAPOLI
DAVE OPSTAD
PAUL D TREFZ
KATIE HUNT-ROTOLO
CARLOS R MATEOS
JOSIE TREFZ
DAVE OPSTAD
JOY CARLOS WONG
CARLOS R MATEOS
LAUREN HENDEL FREW
JOSEF GIALIL
RENEE REARDON
RENEE REARDON
JOSEF GIALIL
JOSEF GIALIL
ROSARIO IRACI
ROSARIO IRACI
KATIE HUNT-ROTOLO
KATIE HUNT-ROTOLO
KATIE HUNT-ROTOLO
DAVIS JEAN-LOUIS
DAVIS JEAN-LOUIS
RODERICK MILLER
ABDUL HADI MOWLA
JOSEPH LIEGEOIS
JOSEPH LIEGEOIS
DAVID B SINGELYN
LOUIS BUONO, JR.
LOUIS BUONO, JR.
TIMOTHY G POTTER
TIMOTHY G POTTER
TIMOTHY G POTTER
HARRY SCHATMEYER, III
HARRY SCHATMEYER, III
HARRY SCHATMEYER, III
HARRY SCHATMEYER, III
HARRY SCHATMEYER, III
WARREN D WEICHBRODT
ELISA CASTIGLIONE
LAUREN HENDEL FREW
KATIE HUNT-ROTOLO
HAROLD T CLARK, III
HAROLD T CLARK, III
JOHN BERT
LAUREN HENDEL FREW
ELISA CASTIGLIONE
DAVID B SINGELYN
WILLIAM R MARCELLUS
JOSEF GIALIL
JOHN LAURINO
DAVE OPSTAD
GEORGE R MICHELL
JOSEPH SPADEA
MARGARET GILLIS
JULIO MORGAN GILLIS
JULIO MORGAN GILLIS
MICHAEL DAGGETT
KRIS SEXTON

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
1510 DEER PARK AVE, NORTH BABYLON, NY 11703
1255 DEER PARK AVE, NORTH BABYLON, NY 11703
3806 BREWERTON RD, NORTH SYRACUSE, NY 13212
315 MEADOW DR, NORTH TONAWANDA, NY 14120
834 FORT SALONGA RD, NORTHPORT, NY 11768
165 S BROAD ST, NORWICH, NY 13815
55 RT 59, NYACK, NY 10960
4498 SUNRISE HWY, OAKDALE, NY 11769
31-35 ATLANTIC AVENUE, OCEANSIDE, NY 11572
1134 PATTERSON ST, OGDENSBURG, NY 13669
2510 W STATE STREET, OLEAN, NY 14760
274 GENESEE ST, ONEIDA, NY 13421
4958 STATE HWY 23, ONEONTA, NY 13820
1204 RT 104, ONTARIO, NY 14519
3232 ORCHARD PARK RD, ORCHARD PARK, NY 14127
214 S HIGHLAND AVE, OSSINING, NY 10562
246 STATE RT 104, OSWEGO, NY 13126
230 W BRIDGE ST, OSWEGO, NY 13126
2202 NY-96, OVID, NY 14521
29 HICKORIES PARK RD, OWEGO, NY 13827
245 PINEHOLLOW RD, OYSTER BAY, NY 11771
75-15 LIBERTY AVE, OZONE PARK, NY 11416
143 E HIGH ST, PAINTED POST, NY 14870
22 DUTCHTOWN PLZ, PALATINE BRIDGE, NY 13428
499-85 SUNRISE HWY, PATCHOGUE, NY 11772
20 WELCHER AVE, PEEKSKILL, NY 10566
2191 PENFIELD RD, PENFIELD, NY 14526
235 LAKE ST, PENN YAN, NY 14527
741 BEAR SWAMP RD, PERU, NY 12972
RTE 52 WEST, PINEBUSH, NY 12566
818 OLD COUNTRY RD, PLAINVIEW, NY 11803
349 CORNELIA ST, PLATTSBURGH, NY 12901
424 MARGARET ST, PLATTSBURGH, NY 12901
1620 MAIN ST, PLEASANT VALLEY, NY 12569
321 BOSTON POST RD, PORT CHESTER, NY 10573
5136 NESCONSET HWY, PORT JEFFERSON STATION, NY 11776
171 MARKET ST, POTSDAM, NY 13676
2577 SOUTH ROAD, POUGHKEEPSIE, NY 12601
3460 NORTH RD, POUGHKEEPSIE, NY 12601
733 MAIN ST, POUGHKEEPSIE, NY 12603
3789 NY-13, PULASKI, NY 13142
88-14 SPRINGFIELD BLVD, QUEENS VILLAGE, NY 11427
364 DIX AVE, QUEENSBURY, NY 12804
819 RTE 9, QUEENSBURY, NY 12804
192 CORINTH ROAD, QUEENSBURY, NY 12804
310 TROY RD, RENSSELAER, NY 12144
3155 US HWY 20, RICHFIELD SPRINGS, NY 13439
54-29 METROPOLITAN AVE, RIDGEWOOD, NY 11385
54-04 MYRTLE AVE, RIDGEWOOD, NY 11385
30 FLANDERS RD, RIVERHEAD, NY 11901
268 ROUTE 58, RIVERHEAD, NY 11901
1770 W MAIN STREET (TANGER OUTLETS), RIVERHEAD, NY 11901
820 CULVER RD, ROCHESTER, NY 14609
657 EAST RIDGE RD, ROCHESTER, NY 14621
35 SPENCER PORT RD, ROCHESTER, NY 14606
788 LAKE AVE, ROCHESTER, NY 14613
1422-32 MOUNT HOPE AVE, ROCHESTER, NY 14620
3280 MONROE AVE, ROCHESTER, NY 14618
275 UPPER FALLS BLVD, ROCHESTER, NY 14605
3303 CHILI AVE, ROCHESTER, NY 14624
1701 EAST AVE, ROCHESTER, NY 14610
2121 E HENRIETTA, ROCHESTER, NY 14623
45 JAY SCUTTI BLVD, ROCHESTER, NY 14623
3001 SOUTH WINTON ROAD, ROCHESTER, NY 14623
1571 RIDGE RD E, ROCHESTER, NY 14621
2341 RIDGE RD W, ROCHESTER, NY 14626
729 LONG POND RD, ROCHESTER, NY 14612
3781 WESTRIDGE RD, ROCHESTER, NY 14626
1450 LYELL AVENUE, ROCHESTER, NY 14606
420 MONROE AVENUE, ROCHESTER, NY 14607
91-18 BEACH CHANNEL DR, ROCKAWAY BEACH, NY 11693
618 SUNRISE HWY, ROCKVILLE CENTRE, NY 11570
463 ST RT 25A NY, ROCKY POINT, NY 11778
1707 BLACK RIVER BLVD, ROME, NY 13440
1150 ERIE BLVD W, ROME, NY 13440
265 NASSAU RD, ROOSEVELT, NY 11575
244-10 MERRICK BLVD, ROSEDALE, NY 11422
614 MIDDLE COUNTRY RD, SAINT JAMES, NY 11780
735 BROAD ST, SALAMANCA, NY 14779
569 LAKE FLOWER RD, SARANAC LAKE, NY 12983
3003 NY 50, SARATOGA SPRINGS, NY 12866
197 S BROADWAY, SARATOGA SPRINGS, NY 12866
350 RT 212, SAUGERTIES, NY 12477
3700 STATE ST, SCHENECTADY, NY 12304
1224 STATE ST, SCHENECTADY, NY 12304
1637 ALTAMONT AVE, SCHENECTADY, NY 12303
1673 UNION ST, SCHENECTADY, NY 12309
500 CURRY RD, SCHENECTADY, NY 12306
971 MONTAUK HWY, SHIRLEY, NY 11786
141 DELAWARE AVE, SIDNEY, NY 13838

95

TELEPHONE
631-586-2609
631-586-2133
315-458-1600
716-213-0016
631-754-1608
607-334-6020
845-353-1083
631-567-0364
516-536-2767
315-393-7716
716-372-4945
315-363-7000
607-432-7608
315-524-4061
716-675-0352
914-762-9141
315-343-6607
315-602-0174
607-869-5614
607-687-1474
516-624-9266
718-845-1010
607-936-2063
518-673-3046
631-289-1473
914-734-1449
585-388-8862
315-536-2845
518-643-0003
845-744-9910
516-931-8897
518-561-1390
518-561-5080
845-635-1787
914-937-3355
631-928-1460
315-265-6890
845-240-1115
845-473-4618
845-473-3323
315-298-5565
718-217-1585
518-792-3056
518-793-9446
518-793-6417
518-283-3165
315-858-0532
347-305-0656
347-305-4868
631-727-8727
631-369-2551
631-369-1331
585-288-1182
585-342-3940
585-429-5824
585-254-8960
585-473-7966
585-586-1867
585-232-6480
585-889-3150
585-271-3960
585-334-3082
585-292-0060
585-292-1942
585-266-0109
585-225-1512
585-225-2550
585-720-6010
585-254-4840
585-271-2547
718-474-4949
516-255-9560
631-744-4740
315-336-7541
315-339-2200
516-867-9478
718-978-4803
631-366-0954
716-945-2305
518-891-2566
518-691-2429
518-587-9652
845-246-5816
518-205-2144
518-346-2067
518-356-2012
518-372-6953
518-356-5373
631-399-6404
607-563-3484

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
PETER ROTOLO
JOSEF GIALIL
ROSARIO IRACI
KATIE HUNT-ROTOLO
LOUIS BUONO, JR.
HERBERT J THOMAS, III
GERALD LAURINO
HARRY SCHATMEYER, III
MARIANNE SPILLANE
BRIAN SPILLANE
BRIAN SPILLANE
BRIAN SPILLANE
LISA ANN IRACI
LISA ANN IRACI
ROSARIO IRACI
KATIE HUNT-ROTOLO
JAIME LIEDTKE
GRANT D KEMMERER
GRANT D KEMMERER
JANIS KEMMERER
COLLEEN M MCLAUGHLIN
COLLEEN M MCLAUGHLIN
CARLOS R MATEOS
BRYAN O COLLEY
BRYAN O COLLEY
WILLIAM R MARCELLUS
HARRY SCHATMEYER, III
GEORGE R MICHELL
GEORGE R MICHELL
WILLIAM R MARCELLUS
KATIE HUNT-ROTOLO
JOSHUA KAUFMAN
HAROLD T CLARK, III
HAROLD T CLARK, JR.
HAROLD T CLARK, JR.
JOSEPH SPADEA
MARK B HENDEL
HAROLD T CLARK, III
TIMOTHY G POTTER
BRYAN O COLLEY
KATIE HUNT-ROTOLO
JOSIE TREFZ
JOSIE TREFZ
WILLIAM R MARCELLUS
JOE FERRINO
HAROLD T CLARK, JR.
JOSEF GIALIL
TIMOTHY G POTTER
COLLEEN M MCLAUGHLIN
COLLEEN M MCLAUGHLIN
MICHAEL J MCLAUGHLIN
GEORGE R MICHELL
HARRY SCHATMEYER, III
HARRY SCHATMEYER, III
DAVID B SINGELYN
DAVE OPSTAD
JOHN BERT
MICHAEL A SULLIVAN
ANTHONY M LIEDTKE
SANDRA J HAEFNER
JOHN LAURINO
DAVID B SINGELYN
PATRICK C MILLER
KRIS SEXTON
ABDUL HADI MOWLA
DAVID B SINGELYN
DAVID B SINGELYN
DAVID B SINGELYN
BRYAN O COLLEY
WARREN D WEICHBRODT
MICHAEL A SULLIVAN
THOMAS G PARKER
JULIO MORGAN GILLIS
GEORGE R MICHELL
GEORGE R MICHELL
GEORGE R MICHELL
CHRISTIAN C TREFZ
CHRISTIAN C TREFZ
HAROLD T CLARK, JR.
JESSICA HALL
CARL J BLICKLE
CARL J BLICKLE
CARL J BLICKLE
JOHN C BLICKLE
JOHN C BLICKLE
JOHN C BLICKLE
JOHN C BLICKLE
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
923 JERICHO TPKE, SMITHTOWN, NY 11787
111 MAIN STREET, SOUTH GLENS FALLS, NY 12803
119-05 LIBERTY AVE, SOUTH RICHMOND HILL, NY 11419
307 N SEA RD, SOUTHAMPTON, NY 11968
44 NICHOLS ST, SPENCERPORT, NY 14559
106 RT 59, SPRING VALLEY, NY 10977
221-12 SO CONDUIT AVE, SPRINGFIELD GARDENS, NY 11413
240 S CASCADE DRIVE, SPRINGVILLE, NY 14141
803 FOREST AVE, STATEN ISLAND, NY 10310
1815 FOREST AVE, STATEN ISLAND, NY 10303
501 BAY ST, STATEN ISLAND, NY 10304
260 PAGE AVENUE, STATEN ISLAND, NY 10307
3267 RICHMOND AVE, STATEN ISLAND, NY 10312
1660 RICHMOND AVE, STATEN ISLAND, NY 10314
2154 HYLAN BLVD, STATEN ISLAND, NY 10306
2324 NESCONSET, STONY BROOK, NY 11790
571 JERICHO TPKE, SYOSSET, NY 11791
1804 TEALL AVE, SYRACUSE, NY 13206
2442 ERIE BLVD E, SYRACUSE, NY 13224
6481 THOMPSON RD, SYRACUSE, NY 13206
4733 ONONDAGA BLVD, SYRACUSE, NY 13219
3329 W GENESEE ST, SYRACUSE, NY 13219
6105 S SALINA, SYRACUSE, NY 13205
140 WILDEY ST, TARRYTOWN, NY 10591
600 MARBLE AVE, THORNWOOD, NY 10594
1148 WICKER ST, TICONDEROGA, NY 12883
820 YOUNG ST, TONAWANDA, NY 14150
780 HOOSICK RD, TROY, NY 12180
170 HOOSICK STREET, TROY, NY 12180
26 DEMARS BLVD, TUPPER LAKE, NY 12986
1110 HEMPSTEAD TPKE, UNIONDALE, NY 11553
1050 FRONT ST, UNIONDALE, NY 11553
1700 GENESEE ST, UTICA, NY 13501
171 N GENESEE ST, UTICA, NY 13502
1124 MOHAWK ST, UTICA, NY 13503
2939 US HWY 9, VALATIE, NY 12184
10 W SUNRISE HWY, VALLEY STREAM, NY 11581
3136 VESTAL PKY E, VESTAL, NY 13850
7633 NY-96, VICTOR, NY 14564
205 DELAWARE ST, WALTON, NY 13856
1946 WANTAGH AVE, WANTAGH, NY 11793
1178 ROUTE 9, WAPPINGERS FALLS, NY 12590
967 RT 376, WAPPINGERS FALLS, NY 12590
3632 MAIN STREET, WARRENSBURG, NY 12885
2362 N MAIN ST, WARSAW, NY 14569
3918 ONEIDA ST, WASHINGTON MILLS, NY 13479
42 SARATOGA AVE, WATERFORD, NY 12188
2500 MOUND RD, WATERLOO, NY 13165
924 ARSENAL ST, WATERTOWN, NY 13601
23339 NY-12, WATERTOWN, NY 13601
1809 STATE ST, WATERTOWN, NY 13601
16TH STREET & BROADWAY, WATERVLIET, NY 12189
1854 EMPIRE BLVD, WEBSTER, NY 14580
1135 RIDGE ROAD, WEBSTER, NY 14580
500 BOLIVAR RD, WELLSVILLE, NY 14895
12187 STATE ROUTE 9W, WEST COXSACKIE, NY 12192
380 HEMPSTEAD TURNPIKE, WEST HEMPSTEAD, NY 11552
856 HEMPSTEAD AVENUE, WEST HEMPSTEAD, NY 11552
131 SUNRISE HWY, WEST ISLIP, NY 11795
1154 UNION RD, WEST SENECA, NY 14224
35 OLD COUNTRY RD, WESTBURY, NY 11590
102 E MAIN, WESTFIELD, NY 14787
160-11 WILLETS POINT BLVD, WHITESTONE, NY 11357
2972 NEW YORK RT 11, WHITNEY POINT, NY 13862
4090 PEARSALL ST, WILLIAMSON, NY 14589
4987 TRANSIT RD, WILLIAMSVILLE, NY 14221
5150 SHERIDAN DR, WILLIAMSVILLE, NY 14221
5316 MAIN ST, WILLIAMSVILLE, NY 14221
30 NORTH RD, WINDSOR, NY 13865
5658 WHISKEY HILL RD, WOLCOTT, NY 14590
91-01 JAMAICA AVENUE, WOODHAVEN, NY 11421
51-35 NORTHERN BLVD, WOODSIDE, NY 11377
65 MAIN AVE RTE 66, WYNANTSKILL, NY 12198
1200 NEPPERHAN AVE, YONKERS, NY 10703
336 TUCKAHOE RD, YONKERS, NY 10710
2554 CENTRAL PARK AVE, YONKERS, NY 10710
155 S BROADWAY, YONKERS, NY 10701
1144 YONKERS AVE, YONKERS, NY 10704
350 ORISKANY BLVD, YORKVILLE, NY 13495
132 SOUTH MAIN STREET, ADA, OH 45810
2021 E MARKET ST, AKRON, OH 44305
946 E WATERLOO RD, AKRON, OH 44306-3928
3225 ARLINGTON RD, AKRON, OH 44312-5215
1720 W EXCHANGE ST, AKRON, OH 44313-7662
1230 CANTON RD, AKRON, OH 44312-3321
1349 E TALLMADGE AVE, AKRON, OH 44310
25 E THORNTON ST, AKRON, OH 44311
578 E MARKET ST, AKRON, OH 44304-1660
5165 MANCHESTER RD, AKRON, OH 44319-3911
3273 MANCHESTER ROAD, AKRON, OH 44319-1408

96

TELEPHONE
631-864-6751
518-761-2430
347-508-5818
631-283-6777
585-352-1133
845-356-5520
718-276-6230
716-592-3983
718-876-6088
718-720-6907
718-273-6688
718-227-2483
929-256-2626
929-256-2726
929-256-2500
631-751-1617
516-921-6120
315-463-0000
315-446-0488
315-463-9622
315-476-0900
315-218-5757
315-469-8246
914-332-0351
914-747-0381
518-585-7714
716-213-0029
518-279-0601
518-266-1215
518-359-7133
516-292-5944
516-538-7390
315-798-9205
315-797-5486
315-733-1818
518-758-2625
516-823-3475
607-770-7542
585-924-7990
607-865-8424
516-781-4499
845-297-2810
845-227-7451
518-623-3323
585-786-8711
315-737-8970
518-235-7321
315-539-8927
315-786-3073
315-488-5459
315-788-0610
518-252-0163
585-671-2868
585-872-0235
585-296-3440
518-731-3500
516-485-2179
516-485-4191
631-661-2800
716-674-7170
516-334-5232
716-427-6445
718-746-6063
607-634-4233
315-589-2878
716-204-0089
716-839-1099
716-204-0336
607-775-4241
315-594-1225
718-849-1979
718-545-3287
518-283-2089
914-963-6830
914-337-3027
914-652-7247
914-968-7804
914-237-2791
315-736-9281
419-634-9540
330-733-3666
330-724-5126
330-644-1085
330-836-2951
330-784-5320
330-633-1825
330-252-9245
330-762-7747
330-645-6686
330-644-2171

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
MARK WILLIAMS
MARK WILLIAMS
MARK WILLIAMS
MARK WILLIAMS
JOHN HOUSE
JOHN HOUSE
MATTHEW BROWN
WILLIAM E GALLOWAY
MATTHEW J RIVELLO
THOMAS P DUCHARME, JR.
THOMAS P DUCHARME, JR.
CHRISTOPHER CIELEC
CHRISTOPHER CIELEC
MARGO A KAROS
SHAWN G PAYNE
THOMAS P DUCHARME, JR.
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
JOHN HOUSE
JOHN HOUSE
MARGO A KAROS
C THOMAS LOCKE, III
AMANDA L STOLTZ-MOORE
LAUREN MITCHELL
JESSICA HALL
JOHN HOUSE
AMANDA L STOLTZ-MOORE
BENJAMIN SCOTT, JR.
BENJAMIN SCOTT, JR.
LUKE HUMBARD
JEFFREY S MONICA
AMANDA L STOLTZ-MOORE
CHAD M NEMESEK
JOHN HOUSE
LEIGH CHAMNESS
STEPHEN PATULA
LEIGH CHAMNESS
LEIGH CHAMNESS
JERRY A LEWIS
MICHELLE PERDUE
STEVEN R TELISCHAK
GAETANO A CECCHINI
LAWRENCE A BALL
STEPHEN M BALL
MARGO A KAROS
KENNETH H MCCOY
JOHN HOUSE
JOHN HOUSE
JEREMY S HAMILTON
SHAWN G PAYNE
SHAWN G PAYNE
JAMES D RIVELLO
MATTHEW P HARPER
JESSICA HALL
BRIAN MORTELLARO
AMY D ANSEL
AMANDA L STOLTZ-MOORE
BRIAN MORTELLARO
BRIAN MORTELLARO
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
SCOTT HOLOWICKI
SCOTT HOLOWICKI
C THOMAS LOCKE, III
GAETANO A CECCHINI
JOHN HOUSE
JOHN HOUSE
C THOMAS LOCKE, III
C THOMAS LOCKE, III
C THOMAS LOCKE, III
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
C THOMAS LOCKE, III
C THOMAS LOCKE, III
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
JESSICA HALL
GAETANO A CECCHINI
STACY VORHEES
ERIC M GODLOVE
ERIC M GODLOVE
JOHN C BLICKLE
JOHN D POWERS
MEGAN K BRUMFIELD
MEGAN K BRUMFIELD
MEGAN K BRUMFIELD
MELODY K FEWSTER
ERICA SHADOIN
ERICA SHADOIN
ERICA SHADOIN

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
1365 VERNON ODOM BLVD, AKRON, OH 44320
1810 MERRIMAN RD, AKRON, OH 44313-5284
1650 COPLEY RD, AKRON, OH 44320-2537
390 W MARKET ST, AKRON, OH 44303-2027
246 EAST EXCHANGE, AKRON, OH 44304
721 E STATE ST, ALLIANCE, OH 44601-4915
2496 W STATE ST, ALLIANCE, OH 44601
1259-1/2 OHIO PIKE, AMELIA, OH 45102
350 E MAIN, ANDOVER, OH 44003-9701
1100 S DEFIANCE STREET, ARCHBOLD, OH 43502-1618
2424 E PROSPECT, ASHTABULA, OH 44004-6358
918 LAKE AVE, ASHTABULA, OH 44004-2926
399 RICHLAND AVE, ATHENS, OH 45701
922 E STATE ST, ATHENS, OH 45701
199 W GARFIELD, AURORA, OH 44202-8859
7195 AURORA RD, AURORA, OH 44202-9600
2849 GH DRIVE, AUSTINBURG, OH 44010
5526 MAHONING AVE, AUSTINTOWN, OH 44515
1150 N CANFIELD NILES RD, AUSTINTOWN, OH 44515
1709 S RACCOON RD, AUSTINTOWN TOWNSHIP, OH 44511
39100 COLORADO AVE, AVON, OH 44011-1056
32799 WALKER RD, AVON LAKE, OH 44012-1442
17638 CHILLICOTHE ROAD, BAINBRIDGE, OH 44023
500 W TUSCARAWAS AVE, BARBERTON, OH 44203-2545
825 E MAIN ST, BARNESVILLE, OH 43713
2001 HOSPITAL DR, BATAVIA, OH 45103
427 E MAIN ST, BEAVERDAM, OH 45808
25640 MILES RD, BEDFORD HEIGHTS, OH 44128
300 28TH ST, BELLAIRE, OH 43906
1780 S MAIN ST, BELLEFONTAINE, OH 43311-1510
1127 N MAIN ST, BELLEFONTAINE, OH 43311
100 MCDONALD'S DR, BELLEVUE, OH 44811-9633
850 SR 97, BELLVILLE, OH 44813
66640 BEL-MOR ROAD, BELMONT, OH 43718
1010 WASHINGT ON BLVD, BELPRE, OH 45714
350 W BAGLEY RD, BEREA, OH 44017-1348
625 W PLANE ST, BETHEL, OH 45106-9573
223 5TH ST, BEVERLY, OH 45715
201 W MAIN ST, BLANCHESTER, OH 45107
4140 HUNT RD, BLUE ASH, OH 45236
500 OH-103, BLUFFTON, OH 45817-9620
22 BOARDMAN CANFIELD ROAD, BOARDMAN, OH 44512
900 WESTERN RESERVE RD, BOARDMAN, OH 44512
11123 STATE RTE 212 NE, BOLIVAR, OH 44612-9520
1470 E WOOSTER STREET, BOWLING GREEN, OH 43402-3260
1050 S MAIN ST, BOWLING GREEN, OH 43402-4719
4618 E ROYALTON RD, BROADVIEW HEIGHTS, OH 44147
14841 SNOW RD, BROOK PARK, OH 44142
10700 BROOKPARK RD, BROOKLYN, OH 44130
4738 RIDGE RD, BROOKLYN, OH 44144-3327
40 TRIGGS RD, BROOKVILLE, OH 45309-9729
3115 CENTER RD, BRUNSWICK, OH 44212-3848
1733 PEARL RD, BRUNSWICK, OH 44212
1207 S MAIN ST, BRYAN, OH 43506
10780 HEBRON RD SE, BUCKEYE LAKE, OH 43025
1660 MARION RD, BUCYRUS, OH 44820-3115
213 E MAIN ST, BYESVILLE, OH 43723
663 LINCOLN AVE, CADIZ, OH 43907
44193 FAIRGROUND ROAD, CALDWELL, OH 43724
2351 E WHEELING AVE, CAMBRIDGE, OH 43725-2164
2022 SOUTHGATE PKWY, CAMBRIDGE, OH 43725
2151 LOCUST ST, CANAL FULTON, OH 44614
6161 GENDER RD, CANAL WINCHESTER, OH 43110
7620 DILEY ROAD NW, CANAL WINCHESTER, OH 43110
586 E MAIN ST, CANFIELD, OH 44406-1541
4757 WEST TUSCARAWAS AVE, CANTON, OH 44708-5340
112 DUEBER ST, CANTON, OH 44704-1110
319 TUSCARAWAS E, CANTON, OH 44705
3700 HARMONT AVE, CANTON, OH 44705-4330
3101 CLEVELAND AVE, CANTON, OH 44709
3251 MAHONING RD NE, CANTON, OH 44705
2331 FAIRCREST ST SW, CANTON, OH 44706
4643 BELDEN VILLAGE RD NW, CANTON, OH 44718
3713 17TH ST SW, CANTON TOWNSHIP, OH 44706
4025 LINCOLN ST, CANTON TOWNSHIP, OH 44707
3109 S CLEVELAND AVE, CANTON TOWNSHIP, OH 44707-3629
1295 S VANCE, CAREY, OH 43316
718 CANTON RD NW, CARROLLTON, OH 44615-9447
101 GRAND LAKE RD, CELINA, OH 45822-1862
1570 MIAMISBURG-CENTERVILLE RD, CENTERVILLE, OH 45459
6270 FAR HILLS AVE, CENTERVILLE, OH 45459
430 WATER ST, CHARDON, OH 44024-1208
8329 MAYFIELD RD, CHESTERLAND, OH 44026-2519
40 N BRIDGE ST, CHILLICOTHE, OH 45601-2614
1225 WESTERN AVENUE, CHILLICOTHE, OH 45601-1169
1067 N BRIDGE, CHILLICOTHE, OH 45601
1124 E MAIN ST, CHILLICOTHE, OH 45601-2850
5425 WEST NORTH BEND ROAD, CINCINNATI, OH 45239
5010 DELHI PIKE, CINCINNATI, OH 45238-5343
6433 GLENWAY AVENUE, CINCINNATI, OH 45211-5221

97

TELEPHONE
330-865-6600
330-836-6021
330-836-8889
330-376-5942
330-376-7324
330-823-5308
330-821-4441
513-753-6100
440-293-6233
419-445-0541
440-998-7400
440-964-7800
740-592-1656
740-592-4575
330-562-7399
330-562-0934
440-275-3034
330-792-6410
330-544-5132
330-792-0527
440-934-6953
440-933-2738
440-543-4817
330-745-3681
740-425-1554
513-406-4816
419-643-8500
216-292-1416
740-671-9044
937-592-0070
937-593-6237
419-483-2215
419-886-0267
740-782-1277
740-423-0024
440-239-0882
513-734-3466
740-984-2278
937-783-5609
513-793-9870
419-358-9345
330-726-7970
330-965-9393
330-874-2444
419-353-9871
419-353-5626
440-740-1144
216-676-4840
216-433-4333
216-661-1275
937-833-4233
330-225-7771
330-225-9941
419-636-5815
740-929-1690
419-562-3405
740-685-9200
740-942-2279
740-732-7312
740-432-7682
740-439-4143
330-854-6218
614-324-5213
614-324-2288
330-533-2260
330-478-1684
330-452-6936
330-454-7274
330-455-5577
330-492-8102
330-455-3048
330-484-2884
330-649-4402
330-478-9960
330-488-0436
330-484-4884
419-396-2669
330-627-7770
419-586-1848
937-401-2629
937-434-4979
440-286-6010
440-729-0599
740-772-1294
740-772-5025
740-779-6237
740-774-2335
513-662-2217
513-922-9407
513-574-8535

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
ERICA SHADOIN
ERICA SHADOIN
KATIE M BLANKENSHIP
KATIE M BLANKENSHIP
MATTHEW BROWN
MATTHEW BROWN
LEIGH CHAMNESS
KAREN HEIMKREITER
KAREN HEIMKREITER
BRIAN KILROY
BRIAN KILROY
BRIAN KILROY
BRIAN KILROY
BRIAN KILROY
BRIAN KILROY
BRIAN KILROY
MICHAEL KILROY
MICHAEL KILROY
MICHAEL KILROY
CRAIG M PETERS
MELVIN PICKARD
JUDSON W PICKARD JR.
JUDSON W PICKARD JR.
MEGAN K BRUMFIELD
JOHN HOUSE
JOHN HOUSE
JOHN HOUSE
JOHN HOUSE
JOHN HOUSE
JOHN HOUSE
JOHN HOUSE
GEOFFREY LEDWIDGE
GEOFFREY LEDWIDGE
GEOFFREY LEDWIDGE
KEVIN MCCOY
KEVIN MCCOY
JASON PAYNE
ANGELO STAMES
SUSAN STAMES
SUSAN STAMES
LUKE HUMBARD
STACY VORHEES
STEVEN R TELISCHAK
ANDRE HILL
WANDA L HILL
WANDA L HILL
JAMES A HOLOWICKI
JAMES A HOLOWICKI
SCOTT HOLOWICKI
SCOTT HOLOWICKI
SCOTT HOLOWICKI
SCOTT HOLOWICKI
SCOTT HOLOWICKI
SCOTT HOLOWICKI
SCOTT HOLOWICKI
SCOTT HOLOWICKI
MARSHELA MCDANIEL
ALEX MENDOZA
ALEX MENDOZA
ALEX MENDOZA
ALEX MENDOZA
ALEX MENDOZA
ALEX MENDOZA
ALEX MENDOZA
ALEX MENDOZA
ALEX MENDOZA
ALEX MENDOZA
ALEX MENDOZA
ALEX MENDOZA
ALEX MENDOZA
ALEX MENDOZA
OYE OLATOYE
KRISTOPHER SMITH
ROGER S SMITH
ROGER S SMITH
MICHAEL J P TELICH
MICHAEL J P TELICH
MICHAEL J P TELICH
MICHAEL J P TELICH
MICHAEL J P TELICH
MICHAEL J P TELICH
MICHAEL J P TELICH
MICHAEL J P TELICH
MICHAEL J P TELICH
ALI MANDOVI
THOMAS P DUCHARME, JR.
THOMAS P DUCHARME, JR.
C THOMAS LOCKE, III
DAVID J RIEGER
AMY D ANSEL

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
5341 N GLENWAY AVE, CINCINNATI, OH 45238-3754
3738 WARSAW AVE, CINCINNATI, OH 45205
7916 MONTGOMERY RD, CINCINNATI, OH 45236-4304
10748 MONTGOMERY RD, CINCINNATI, OH 45242-3213
4025 MOUNT CARMEL TOBASCO RD, CINCINNATI, OH 45255-3405
7337 WOOSTER PIKE, CINCINNATI, OH 45227
4640 CORNELL RD, CINCINNATI, OH 45241
8339 COLERAIN AVE, CINCINNATI, OH 45239
9677 COLERAIN AVE, CINCINNATI, OH 45251
1126 E MCMILLAN ST, CINCINNATI, OH 45206-2002
413 MARTIN LUTHER KING DR, CINCINNATI, OH 45229-3361
7142 READING RD, CINCINNATI, OH 45237-3807
255 W MITCHELL AVE, CINCINNATI, OH 45232-1907
3880 PAXTON ROAD, CINCINNATI, OH 45209
6840 HAMILTON AVE, CINCINNATI, OH 45224
5427 RIDGE AVE, CINCINNATI, OH 45213
9254 WINTON RD, CINCINNATI, OH 45231-3936
1202 OMNIPLEX DR, CINCINNATI, OH 45240-1279
919 W NORTH BEND RD, CINCINNATI, OH 45224
55 KIBBY DR, CINCINNATI, OH 45233
812 EASTGATE NORTH DRIVE, CINCINNATI, OH 45245
7671 BEECHMONT AVE, CINCINNATI, OH 45255-4216
8969 FIELDS ERTEL RD, CINCINNATI, OH 45249
1300 S COURT ST, CIRCLEVILLE, OH 43113-9195
9101 KINSMAN AVE, CLEVELAND, OH 44104-5141
4159 LEE RD, CLEVELAND, OH 44128-2462
3050 CARNEGIE AVE, CLEVELAND, OH 44115-2631
11420 BUCKEYE RD, CLEVELAND, OH 44104
15110 SAINT CLAIR, CLEVELAND, OH 44110-3720
8210 EUCLID AVE, CLEVELAND, OH 44103
6332 BROADWAY AVENUE, CLEVELAND, OH 44105
10411 SAINT CLAIR AVE, CLEVELAND, OH 44108-1956
1540 E 55TH ST, CLEVELAND, OH 44103-1347
3782 W 150TH ST, CLEVELAND, OH 44111-5801
7015 DETROIT AVE, CLEVELAND, OH 44102-3025
10710 LORAIN AVE, CLEVELAND, OH 44111-5413
14235 PURITAS RD, CLEVELAND, OH 44135-2825
2500 DENISON AVE, CLEVELAND, OH 44109-2600
5616 MEMPHIS AVE, CLEVELAND, OH 44144-2240
3211 CLARK AVE, CLEVELAND, OH 44109-1147
1040 W MCPHERSON HWY, CLYDE, OH 43410
730 EAST MAIN STREET, COLDWATER, OH 45828
151 RT 14, COLUMBIANA, OH 44408-9417
381 E MAIN ST, COLUMBUS, OH 43215-5346
6914 E BROAD ST, COLUMBUS, OH 43213
4640 E MAIN ST, COLUMBUS, OH 43236
5410 RENNER RD, COLUMBUS, OH 43228-9361
901 WILSON RD, COLUMBUS, OH 43204
800 GEORGESVILLE RD, COLUMBUS, OH 43228-2802
1006 S HIGH ST, COLUMBUS, OH 43206-2526
3636 W BROAD ST, COLUMBUS, OH 43228-1411
7557 WORTHINGTON GALENA RD, COLUMBUS, OH 43085-4797
4840 N HAMILTON RD, COLUMBUS, OH 43230
8555 ORION PL, COLUMBUS, OH 43240
1074 GEMINI PLACE, COLUMBUS, OH 43240
4601 W BROAD ST, COLUMBUS, OH 43228
4131 MORSE CROSSING, COLUMBUS, OH 43219
3411 CLEVELAND AVE, COLUMBUS, OH 43224-2906
1972 N HIGH ST, COLUMBUS, OH 43201-1165
2520 SOUTH HAMILTON ROAD, COLUMBUS, OH 43232-4952
2091 E DUBLIN GRANVILLE RD, COLUMBUS, OH 43229-3524
1020 ALUM CREEK DR, COLUMBUS, OH 43209-2701
619 HARRISBURG PIKE, COLUMBUS, OH 43223-2111
3095 N HIGH ST, COLUMBUS, OH 43202-1109
1589 W BROAD ST, COLUMBUS, OH 43222-1043
6000 SINCLAIR RD, COLUMBUS, OH 43229-3204
3550 E BROAD ST, COLUMBUS, OH 43213-1116
6221 CLEVELAND AVE, COLUMBUS, OH 43231
2441 LOCKBOURNE RD, COLUMBUS, OH 43207
3005 E LIVINGSTON AVE, COLUMBUS, OH 43209
1455 CASSADY AVE, COLUMBUS, OH 43219
1661 MORSE ROAD, COLUMBUS, OH 43229-6501
3554 S HIGH ST, COLUMBUS, OH 43207
1377 HARRISBURG PIKE, COLUMBUS, OH 43223-3229
1524 GEORGESVILLE RD, COLUMBUS, OH 43228
1905 W HENDERSON RD, COLUMBUS, OH 43220-2503
910 W 5TH AVE, COLUMBUS, OH 43212-2657
7190 SAWMILL RD, COLUMBUS, OH 43235-1943
760 BETHEL RD, COLUMBUS, OH 43214-1900
2750 BETHEL RD, COLUMBUS, OH 43220-2217
3746 RIVERSIDE DRIVE, COLUMBUS, OH 43221
3600 W DUBLIN GRANDVILLE RD, COLUMBUS, OH 43235
821 E 17TH AVE, COLUMBUS, OH 43211
2865 OLENTANGY RIVER ROAD, COLUMBUS, OH 43202
7575 AUBURN RD, CONCORD TOWNSHIP, OH 44077
312 STATE ST, CONNEAUT, OH 44030-2572
2 LOVES DRIVE, CONNEAUT, OH 44030
3629 OH-5, CORTLAND, OH 44410
2171 MILLENNIUM BLVD, CORTLAND, OH 44410
101 E CHESTNUT ST, COSHOCTON, OH 43812-1130

98

TELEPHONE
513-668-6461
513-471-2893
513-791-5553
513-489-5374
513-528-1226
513-272-2124
513-489-0006
513-741-0266
513-385-5624
513-751-3751
513-221-1288
513-731-4508
513-681-9650
513-533-3319
513-522-7368
513-351-2294
513-522-0833
513-671-3635
513-541-8888
513-467-9016
513-752-2008
513-231-4665
513-683-9667
740-477-1950
216-721-3111
216-491-1187
216-881-7321
216-229-8505
216-451-8800
216-421-2306
216-441-0180
216-761-8622
216-432-0848
216-671-7010
216-631-7946
216-252-9318
216-251-8990
216-741-0598
216-661-6171
216-651-6734
419-547-7878
419-678-1124
330-482-2335
614-464-4626
614-864-6023
614-863-6631
614-870-0717
614-279-7699
614-324-2372
614-324-2380
614-324-2397
614-324-2295
614-855-4840
614-324-2143
614-324-2299
614-324-2387
614-324-2253
614-268-3381
614-291-8123
614-759-1696
614-846-6447
614-252-8336
614-351-8772
614-263-1586
614-274-9494
614-842-9200
614-237-2776
614-882-4762
614-497-0364
614-235-5766
614-428-5711
614-261-9400
614-491-1309
614-274-2551
614-878-3519
614-459-0542
614-291-7971
614-761-1606
614-442-0033
614-442-5780
614-326-3663
614-799-9625
614-421-2984
614-267-3377
440-357-7078
440-593-6360
440-265-6370
330-638-6262
330-372-1112
740-622-4300

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
LARRY J MONICA
SANTIAGO GIL
JOHN C BLICKLE
JOHN C BLICKLE
JEREMY S HAMILTON
ERIC M GODLOVE
ERIC M GODLOVE
ERIC M GODLOVE
ERIC M GODLOVE
ERIC M GODLOVE
ERIC M GODLOVE
ERIC M GODLOVE
ERIC M GODLOVE
KYLE KINNEY
KYLE KINNEY
KYLE KINNEY
JOEL A SCHMIDT
JOEL A SCHMIDT
BENJAMIN SCOTT, JR.
JAMES D RIVELLO
JAMES D RIVELLO
SCOTT HOLOWICKI
SCOTT HOLOWICKI
SCOTT HOLOWICKI
SCOTT HOLOWICKI
SCOTT HOLOWICKI
JONATHAN P LEWIS
KAREN HEIMKREITER
AMY D ANSEL
BRIAN MORTELLARO
JAMES A HOLOWICKI
JAMES A HOLOWICKI
SCOTT HOLOWICKI
GEOFFREY LEDWIDGE
STEVEN R TELISCHAK
STEVEN R TELISCHAK
JOHN C BLICKLE
JEREMY S HAMILTON
JOHN HOUSE
JOHN HOUSE
GINA GILLESPIE-HOOVER
JOEL A SCHMIDT
SCOTT HOLOWICKI
JOHN HOUSE
BENJAMIN SCOTT, JR.
BENJAMIN SCOTT, JR.
BENJAMIN SCOTT, JR.
BENJAMIN SCOTT, JR.
MATTHEW BROWN
KARA E TAFUR
KARA E TAFUR
JASON PAYNE
LAWRENCE A BALL
SCOTT J BALL
MICHAEL KILROY
SCOTT J BALL
ERIC M GODLOVE
ERIC M GODLOVE
LUKE HUMBARD
LUKE HUMBARD
MATTHEW P HARPER
MATTHEW P HARPER
JESSICA HALL
CHAD M NEMESEK
JOHN HOUSE
NANCY J HOUSE
WILLIAM E GALLOWAY
THOMAS P DUCHARME, JR.
MATTHEW MACKENZIE
TIMOTHY J CASCIO
JOHN P PERDUE
LEIGH CHAMNESS
JASON PAYNE
MEGAN K BRUMFIELD
BENJAMIN SCOTT, JR.
BENJAMIN SCOTT, JR.
ERIC M GODLOVE
JOEL A SCHMIDT
JOEL A SCHMIDT
JOEL A SCHMIDT
KARA E TAFUR
KARA E TAFUR
ROBERT T CUMMINGS, JR
C THOMAS LOCKE, III
BRIAN MORTELLARO
MATTHEW P HARPER
JONATHAN P LEWIS
JAMES A HOLOWICKI
JAMES A HOLOWICKI
JAMES A HOLOWICKI

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
210 W MAIN ST, CRESTLINE, OH 44827-1431
482 HOWE AVE, CUYAHOGA FALLS, OH 44307-4957
1787 STATE RD, CUYAHOGA FALLS, OH 44223-1305
1050 GRAHAM RD, CUYAHOGA FALLS, OH 44224-2935
160 WOODMAN DR, DAYTON, OH 45431
4501 LINDEN AVE, DAYTON, OH 45432-3025
9228 DAYTON LEBANON PIKE, DAYTON, OH 45458-3837
1032 S SMITHVILLE RD, DAYTON, OH 45403-3421
2166 S EDWIN C MOSES BLVD, DAYTON, OH 45408-2658
6222 WILMINGTON PIKE, DAYTON, OH 45459-7020
410 S MAIN ST, DAYTON, OH 45402-2718
2757 W ALEX-BELL ROAD, DAYTON, OH 45459
1219 NORTH GETTYSBURG, DAYTON, OH 45417-9552
2450 NEEDMORE RD, DAYTON, OH 45414
3411 YORK COMMONS BOULEVARD, DAYTON, OH 45414
1517 N KEOWEE ST, DAYTON, OH 45404
3918 FREE PIKE, DAYTON, OH 45416-1212
4770 N MAIN ST, DAYTON, OH 45405-5021
6398 BRANDT PIKE, DAYTON, OH 45424-4041
1740 E 2ND ST, DEFIANCE, OH 43512-2446
1111 N CLINTON ST, DEFIANCE, OH 43512-9785
279 S SANDUSKY ST, DELAWARE, OH 43015-2622
2091 US HWY 23 N, DELAWARE, OH 43015-8804
608 W CENTRAL AVE, DELAWARE, OH 43015
6691 ARTESIAN RUN, DELAWARE, OH 43015
800 SUNBURY RD, DELAWARE, OH 43015
1051 ELIDA AVE, DELPHOS, OH 45833-1778
6590 HARRISON AVE, DENT, OH 45248
3384 DAVIS RD, DOVER, OH 44622
71 MCCOY CROSSING, DRESDEN, OH 43821
337 W BRIDGE ST, DUBLIN, OH 43017-2124
6830 PERIMETER LOOP RD, DUBLIN, OH 43017
5170 TUTTLE CROSSING, DUBLIN, OH 43017
13705 EUCLID AVE, EAST CLEVELAND, OH 44118-4219
15573 STATE HWY 170, EAST LIVERPOOL, OH 43920-9215
60 S MARKET ST, EAST PALESTINE, OH 44413-1920
36141 LAKESHORE BLVD, EASTLAKE, OH 44095
1317 N BARRON ST, EATON, OH 45320-1015
5250 DETROIT RD, ELYRIA, OH 44035-1439
311 MIDWAY BLVD, ELYRIA, OH 44035
410 W NATIONAL RD, ENGLEWOOD, OH 45322-1404
9285 N MAIN ST, ENGLEWOOD, OH 45415-1158
7521 DAYTON SPRINGFIELD RD, ENON, OH 45323
22291 EUCLID AVE, EUCLID, OH 44117-1616
1232 KAUFFMAN AVE, FAIRBORN, OH 45385
410 N BROAD ST, FAIRBORN, OH 45324-5238
2776 COLONEL GLENN HWY, FAIRBORN, OH 45324-6250
2853 CENTRE DRIVE, FAIRBORN, OH 45324
5800 BOYMEL RD, FAIRFIELD, OH 45014
563 NILLES RD, FAIRFIELD, OH 45014-2605
4760 STATE ROUTE 4, FAIRFIELD, OH 45014
22535 LORAIN RD, FAIRVIEW PARK, OH 44126-2211
731 TRENTON AVE, FINDLAY, OH 45840-2642
1921 TIFFIN AVE, FINDLAY, OH 45840-6752
2290 WAYCROSS, FOREST PARK, OH 45240
620 N COUNTY LINE ST, FOSTORIA, OH 44830
6810 FRANKLIN LEBANON RD, FRANKLIN, OH 45005-4558
1425 E SECOND STREET, FRANKLIN, OH 45005
2014 STATE ROUTE 53, FREMONT, OH 43420
1801 W STATE ST, FREMONT, OH 43420
359 AGLER RD, GAHANNA, OH 43230
298 SOUTH HAMILTON ROAD, GAHANNA, OH 43230
220 PORTLAND WAY N, GALION, OH 44833-1631
1715 EASTERN AVE, GALLIPOLIS, OH 45631
12690 ROCKSIDE RD, GARFIELD HEIGHTS, OH 44125
5240 TURNEY RD, GARFIELD HEIGHTS, OH 44125-2642
8027 STATE ST, GARRETTSVILLE, OH 44231
1807 S BROADWAY, GENEVA, OH 44041-8397
22201 WOODVILLE RD, GENOA, OH 43430
4883 STATE ROUTE 125, GEORGETOWN, OH 45121-9590
2724 SALT SPRINGS ROAD, GIRARD, OH 44420
6778 STATE RTE 28, GOSHEN, OH 45122
412 MAIN ST, GRAFTON, OH 44044
223 JEFFERSON ST, GREENFIELD, OH 45123
1301 WAGNER AVE, GREENVILLE, OH 45331-2764
1237 SWEITZER RD, GREENVILLE, OH 45331
8251 PRINCETON GLENDALE ROAD, HAMILTON, OH 45011
1331 WASHINGTON BLVD NW, HAMILTON, OH 45013-1207
20 S MARTIN LUTHER KING BLVD, HAMILTON, OH 45011-2857
1420 MILLVILLE AVE, HAMILTON, OH 45011
1771 S ERIE BLVD, HAMILTON, OH 45011-4117
2866 MENARDS BLVD, HAMILTON, OH 45011
10570 HARRISON AVENUE, HARRISON, OH 45030-1944
868 W MAPLE ST, HARTVILLE, OH 44632-9669
789 S 30TH ST, HEATH, OH 43056-1207
100 INTEGRITY DR, HEBRON, OH 43025
200 E HIGH ST, HICKSVILLE, OH 43526
3685 W MAIN ST, HILLIARD, OH 43026-1326
4280 CEMETERY ROAD, HILLIARD, OH 43026
5239 RIGGINS RD, HILLIARD, OH 43016

99

TELEPHONE
419-683-2585
330-923-9350
330-923-3348
330-923-8970
937-938-7528
937-256-7901
937-329-9534
937-258-0147
937-445-0665
937-848-3315
937-222-0001
937-643-9366
937-263-7140
937-278-9923
937-454-3644
937-223-5781
937-278-1707
937-277-9680
937-236-3972
419-782-6400
419-782-6498
614-324-2334
614-324-2324
614-324-2364
614-504-0804
614-504-0887
419-692-4527
513-574-5402
330-364-1113
740-754-1171
614-764-0702
614-799-0065
614-763-6860
216-851-2431
330-385-8168
330-426-1117
440-918-0855
937-456-3830
440-934-5120
440-324-6399
937-836-1505
937-832-1111
614-504-0786
216-531-7001
937-879-1181
937-878-0172
937-427-0723
937-458-3599
513-874-1551
513-829-6008
513-829-9000
440-734-2033
419-424-0712
419-423-7755
513-851-3735
419-436-7534
937-743-9106
937-704-0411
419-355-9040
419-334-9571
614-475-7900
614-475-2112
419-468-9366
740-446-1065
216-663-2156
330-773-4880
330-527-4876
440-466-0838
419-855-8116
937-378-6790
330-530-3028
513-722-2070
440-926-3427
937-981-7676
937-548-1744
937-548-5652
513-860-4106
513-714-4246
513-863-0987
513-795-7789
513-868-7222
513-453-4530
513-367-6839
330-877-3554
740-522-4099
740-928-0194
419-542-5171
614-876-2633
614-876-8995
614-876-1391

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
LEIGH CHAMNESS
TAMER H METAWA
KRISTEN KNOTH
BENJAMIN SCOTT, JR.
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
JASON PAYNE
MARGO A KAROS
STEPHEN CIELEC
WHITNEY CRUELLS
DOMINIC M EPIFANO
ERIC KNOTH
DOMINIC M EPIFANO
BRIAN MORTELLARO
JOHN C BLICKLE
WILLIAM E GALLOWAY
JONATHAN P LEWIS
JASON PAYNE
KENNETH H MCCOY
JASON PAYNE
MATTHEW P HARPER
MATTHEW P HARPER
KATIE M BLANKENSHIP
SCOTT HOLOWICKI
JESSICA HALL
JESSICA HALL
JESSICA HALL
JESSICA HALL
JONATHAN P LEWIS
JONATHAN P LEWIS
STEVEN R TELISCHAK
MATTHEW P HARPER
SCOTT HOLOWICKI
SCOTT HOLOWICKI
JOHN HOUSE
JASON PAYNE
JASON PAYNE
JEFFREY S MONICA
JOHN HOUSE
GINA GILLESPIE-HOOVER
BRIAN MALONE
ALI MANDOVI
THOMAS P DUCHARME, JR.
KATIE M BLANKENSHIP
JEFFREY S MONICA
JEFFREY S MONICA
JEFFREY S MONICA
LARRY J MONICA
LARRY J MONICA
WILLIAM E GALLOWAY
JOHN HOUSE
PAIGE E NAVRATIL
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
AMANDA L STOLTZ-MOORE
JAMES A HOLOWICKI
JAMES A HOLOWICKI
JAMES A HOLOWICKI
KATIE M BLANKENSHIP
JUDSON W PICKARD JR.
GAETANO A CECCHINI
GAETANO A CECCHINI
GAETANO A CECCHINI
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
NADIA J ELWARDANY
LARRY A MOORE, JR.
TONY PHILIOU
WHITNEY CRUELLS
STEPHEN PATULA
LEA ANNE HEIDMAN
SHAWN G PAYNE
SHAWN G PAYNE
JOHN C BLICKLE
ALI MANDOVI
ALI MANDOVI
SUSAN STAMES
SUSAN STAMES
ERIC M GODLOVE
JOHN HOUSE
PAIGE E NAVRATIL
JOHN C BLICKLE
KYLE J PAWLING
JASON PAYNE
LEIGH CHAMNESS
LEIGH CHAMNESS
AMY D ANSEL
C THOMAS LOCKE, III
JASON MONFORT
JOHN C BLICKLE
KATIE M BLANKENSHIP

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
1474 N HIGH ST, HILLSBORO, OH 45133-9401
6555 AIRPORT HWY, HOLLAND, OH 43528-9394
2400 N MAIN, HUBBARD, OH 44425-3242
5562 MERILY WAY, HUBER HEIGHTS, OH 45424-2029
134 WEST STEETSBORO RD, HUDSON, OH 44236-2746
2118 CLEVELAND RD W, HURON, OH 44839-1005
6201 BRECKSVILLE RD, INDEPENDENCE, OH 44131-3402
1001 E RING RD, IRONTON, OH 45638
588 E MAIN ST, JACKSON, OH 45640
102 W WASHINGTON ST, JAMESTOWN, OH 45335
104 N CHESTNUT STREET, JEFFERSON, OH 44047
12518 US 35 NW, JEFFERSONVILLE, OH 43128-9508
625 W COSHOCTON ST, JOHNSTOWN, OH 43031
4223 STATE ROUTE 43, KENT, OH 44240-6917
1280 S WATER ST, KENT, OH 44240-3844
990 E COLUMBUS ST, KENTON, OH 43326-1683
550 N CENTER ST, LAGRANGE, OH 44050
16407 DETROIT AVE, LAKEWOOD, OH 44107-3625
1430 W 117TH ST, LAKEWOOD, OH 44107-5102
1401 N MEMORIAL DR, LANCASTER, OH 43130-1628
1451 E MAIN ST, LANCASTER, OH 43130-4011
650 E MAIN ST, LEBANON, OH 45036-1916
50 MEADOW PARK AVE, LEWIS CENTER, OH 43035
2619 ELIDA RD, LIMA, OH 45801
2455 SHAWNEE RD, LIMA, OH 45806-1407
1920 HARDING HWY, LIMA, OH 45804-3418
941 N CABLE RD, LIMA, OH 45805-1703
1965 N WEST ST, LIMA, OH 45801-2632
575 MARKET ST, LIMA, OH 45801
7800 SR 45, LISBON, OH 44432-9396
12904 STATE RTE 664 S, LOGAN, OH 43138
915 STATE ROUTE 42 NE, LONDON, OH 43140-9596
23 E HIGH ST, LONDON, OH 43140
6400 MIDDLE RIDGE RD, LORAIN, OH 44053-3954
3221 OBERLIN AVE, LORAIN, OH 44052
1725 HENDERSON DRIVE, LORAIN, OH 44052
501 S MARKET ST, LOUDONVILLE, OH 44842-1027
219 N CHAPEL ST, LOUISVILLE, OH 44641-1202
650 LOVELAND MADERIA RD, LOVELAND, OH 45140-2703
6400 MACEDONIA COMMONS BLVD, MACEDONIA, OH 44067
559 RIVER ST, MADISON, OH 44057
6626 N RIDGE RD, MADISON, OH 44057-2554
2930 W MONTGOMERY RD, MAINEVILLE, OH 45039
25 W HANLEY RD, MANSFIELD, OH 44903-9032
540 N TRIMBLE RD, MANSFIELD, OH 44906-2168
670 N STEWART RD, MANSFIELD, OH 44905-2154
666 LEXINGTON SPRINGMILL RD, MANSFIELD, OH 44906
1480 LEXINGTON AVENUE, MANSFIELD, OH 44862
10637 MAIN ST, MANTUA, OH 44255
15629 BROADWAY AVENUE, MAPLE HEIGHTS, OH 44137
5114 NORTHFIELD RD, MAPLE HEIGHTS, OH 44137-2107
729 GLENDALE RD, MARIETTA, OH 45750
500 PIKE ST, MARIETTA, OH 45750
1101 GILMAN AVE, MARIETTA, OH 45750
300 HANOVER ST, MARTINS FERRY, OH 43935
1080 CHARLES LN, MARYSVILLE, OH 43040-9797
17781 STATE ROUTE 31, MARYSVILLE, OH 43040
1305 W 5TH ST, MARYSVILLE, OH 43040
8300 ARBOR SQUARE DRIVE, MASON, OH 45040
5301 KINGS ISLAND DR, MASON, OH 45040
2496 LINCOLN WAY E, MASSILLON, OH 44646-5085
200 LINCOLN WAY W, MASSILLON, OH 44646
4121 ERIE ST S, MASSILLON, OH 44646
5554 WALES AVE NW, MASSILLON, OH 44646
1401 ARROWHEAD RD, MAUMEE, OH 43537
1016 CONANT ST, MAUMEE, OH 43537-2845
6225 MAYFIELD RD, MAYFIELD HEIGHTS, OH 44124
63865 US HWY 50 WEST, MCARTHUR, OH 45651
3910 ST RT 60 NW, MCCONNELSVILLE, OH 43756
3160 MEDINA RD, MEDINA, OH 44256
1069 N COURT ST, MEDINA, OH 44256-1566
5867 WOOSTER PIKE, MEDINA, OH 44256
7700 REYNOLDS RD, MENTOR, OH 44060-5321
8775 MENTOR AVE, MENTOR, OH 44060-6209
8380 BROADMOOR ROAD, MENTOR, OH 44060-7508
6083 ANDREWS RD, MENTOR, OH 44060-2821
5745 HEISLEY ROAD, MENTOR, OH 44060
8240 SPRINGBORO PIKE, MIAMISBURG, OH 45342-3792
18070 BAGLEY RD, MIDDLEBURG HEIGHTS, OH 44130
7245 PEARL RD, MIDDLEBURG HEIGHTS, OH 44130
15551 KINSMAN RD, MIDDLEFIELD, OH 44062-9475
3209 S MAIN ST, MIDDLETOWN, OH 45042
11015 STATE ROUTE 250 N, MILAN, OH 44846
990 LILA AVE, MILFORD, OH 45150-1683
1101 ST SR 28, MILFORD, OH 45150
1586 S WASHINGTON ST, MILLERSBURG, OH 44654-9457
601 EAST LINCOLN WAY, MINERVA, OH 44657
400 N MAIN ST, MINSTER, OH 45865
3868 MOGADORE RD, MOGADORE, OH 44260
101 GARVER RD, MONROE, OH 45050-1237

100

TELEPHONE
937-393-1233
419-866-0675
330-534-9176
937-236-8699
330-650-4284
419-433-7555
216-642-3918
740-532-1555
740-286-1575
937-675-7170
440-576-8556
740-948-2240
740-967-3010
330-678-5800
330-678-8665
419-674-4967
440-355-5700
216-226-7754
216-521-9110
740-653-1870
740-687-1069
513-932-7540
614-318-1248
419-991-3903
419-999-4368
419-222-4592
419-229-1196
419-222-2837
419-229-9500
330-424-3023
740-385-7860
614-324-2371
614-324-2298
440-233-4145
440-960-5353
440-288-4122
419-994-4794
330-875-4678
513-683-7085
330-467-9191
440-428-5823
440-428-2100
513-677-9504
419-756-7708
419-529-6788
419-589-8455
419-529-2161
419-756-9331
330-274-3336
216-332-9930
216-581-0289
740-434-5986
740-374-5400
740-568-9003
740-635-1866
937-644-9696
937-642-3454
937-642-7846
513-229-0141
513-336-0820
330-833-1162
330-833-4842
330-879-9944
330-833-2655
419-897-0840
419-893-0631
440-461-6055
740-596-0065
740-962-6990
330-723-4880
330-722-8601
330-723-6096
440-946-9492
440-255-6177
440-942-5522
440-209-0299
440-357-7507
937-435-3604
440-243-6186
440-842-7986
440-632-1386
513-422-2476
419-499-3055
513-248-9328
513-831-2914
330-674-5334
330-868-1150
419-628-4500
330-628-2299
513-539-2631

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
JAMES D RIVELLO
LEA ANNE HEIDMAN
JEREMY S HAMILTON
LAUREN MITCHELL
BRIAN MORTELLARO
BRIAN MORTELLARO
JOSEPH J MORTELLARO
BRIAN MORTELLARO
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
MATTHEW J RIVELLO
CHRISTOPHER CIELEC
ALEX MENDOZA
ERIC M GODLOVE
ERIC M GODLOVE
AMANDA L STOLTZ-MOORE
JASON PAYNE
AMY D ANSEL
LEIGH CHAMNESS
BRIAN MORTELLARO
BRIAN MORTELLARO
BRIAN MORTELLARO
AMY D ANSEL
MICHELLE PERDUE
JOHN P PERDUE
JOHN P PERDUE
LAWRENCE A BALL
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
STEVEN R TELISCHAK
JASON PAYNE
JASON PAYNE
JASON PAYNE
SHAWN G PAYNE
SHAWN G PAYNE
LEA ANNE HEIDMAN
JASON PAYNE
JASON PAYNE
BRIAN KILROY
LUKE HUMBARD
WHITNEY CRUELLS
PAIGE E NAVRATIL
JASON PAYNE
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
JONATHAN P LEWIS
KYLE J PAWLING
JASON PAYNE
JASON PAYNE
JOHN HOUSE
MARGO A KAROS
CRAIG NAVRATIL
PAIGE E NAVRATIL
PAIGE E NAVRATIL
GEOFFREY LEDWIDGE
BRIAN MORTELLARO
BRIAN MORTELLARO
JAMES D RIVELLO
CONNIE SCHUMACHER
LUKE HUMBARD
LUKE HUMBARD
LUKE HUMBARD
ANDRE HILL
BENJAMIN SCOTT, JR.
BENJAMIN SCOTT, JR.
JAMES A HOLOWICKI
GREGORY L MILLS
LUKE HUMBARD
LUKE HUMBARD
CAMRON PARSLEY
CAMRON PARSLEY
MICHAEL J P TELICH
STEPHEN CIELEC
JOHN C BLICKLE
WILLIAM E GALLOWAY
MICHAEL KILROY
MATTHEW P HARPER
WANDA L HILL
ALEX MENDOZA
C THOMAS LOCKE, III
MARGO A KAROS
SUZANNE HEAD
GREGORY J COUTRIS
LUKE HUMBARD
STACY VORHEES
AMANDA L STOLTZ-MOORE
STEVEN R TELISCHAK
JASON PAYNE
JASON PAYNE
JASON PAYNE

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
1100 E MAIN ST, MONTPELIER, OH 43543-1266
3875 MEDINA RD, MONTROSE, OH 44313
1800 DOROTHY LN, MORAINE, OH 45439
560 N HIGH ST, MOUNT ORAB, OH 45154
111 NEWARK RD, MOUNT VERNON, OH 43050
1059 COSHOCTON AVE, MOUNT VERNON, OH 43050
674 SANDUSKY STREET, MOUNT VERNON, OH 43050
6220 ST RTE 95, MT GILEAD, OH 43338
12 MUNROE FALLS AVE, MUNROE FALLS, OH 44262
1805 N SCOTT ST, NAPOLEON, OH 43545
21 WATKINS ST, NELSONVILLE, OH 45764
5421 NEW ALBANY RD W, NEW ALBANY, OH 43054
500 N MAIN ST, NEW CARLISLE, OH 45344
350 W MAIN ST, NEW LEBANON, OH 45345-1450
590 CARROL ST, NEW LEXINGTON, OH 43764-1050
31 W MAIN STREET, NEW LONDON, OH 44851-1016
1446 4TH ST NW, NEW PHILADELPHIA, OH 44663
1043 OLD US 52, NEW RICHMOND, OH 45157
22 UNION ST, NEWARK, OH 43055
490 HIGHLAND BLVD, NEWARK, OH 43055
1335 N 21ST STREET, NEWARK, OH 43055
211 ADENA DR, NEWCOMERSTOWN, OH 43832-9445
20 N CANAL ST, NEWTON FALLS, OH 44444-1301
2796 ROBBINS AVE, NILES, OH 44446-4283
428 N MAIN ST, NILES, OH 44446-5131
12776 DESHLER RD, NORTH BALTIMORE, OH 45872-0026
6855 SUNSET STRIP AVE NW, NORTH CANTON, OH 44720-7089
1407 N MAIN ST, NORTH CANTON, OH 44720
6302 MARKET AVENUE NORTH, NORTH CANTON, OH 44721
3439 WHIPPLE AVENUE NW, NORTH CANTON, OH 44718
SR 7 & OH TPKE, NORTH LIMA, OH 44514
27322 LORAIN RD, NORTH OLMSTED, OH 44070-4034
32528 LORAIN RD, NORTH RIDGEVILLE, OH 44039
35900 CENTER RIDGE RD, NORTH RIDGEVILLE, OH 44039
5304 ROYALTON RD, NORTH ROYALTON, OH 44133-4008
10333 NORTHFIELD RD, NORTHFIELD, OH 44067
3177 GREENWICH RD, NORTON, OH 44203-5751
249 BENEDICT AVE, NORWALK, OH 44857-2346
199 MILAN AVE, NORWALK, OH 44857-1135
4594 MONTGOMERY ROAD, NORWOOD, OH 45212
122 E WATER ST, OAK HARBOR, OH 43449
197 N JACKSON ST, OAK HILL, OH 45656
23321 BROADWAY AVE, OAKWOOD VILLAGE, OH 44146
265 S MAIN ST, OBERLIN, OH 44074-1772
825 N MAIN ST, ORRVILLE, OH 44667
777 N PERRY ST, OTTAWA, OH 45875-1338
601 LOCUST ST, OXFORD, OH 45056-2111
95 RICHMOND ST, PAINESVILLE, OH 44077-3251
1582 MENTOR AVE, PAINESVILLE, OH 44077-1705
5301 PEARL RD, PARMA, OH 44129-1503
1787 SNOW RD, PARMA, OH 44134
1300 W PLEASANT VALLEY, PARMA, OH 44134-6715
7505 DAY DR, PARMA, OH 44129-5602
10400 SPRAGUE RD, PARMA, OH 44130
6421 PEARL RD, PARMA HEIGHTS, OH 44130
67 W BROAD ST, PATASKALA, OH 43062-9552
103 ETNA CREST BLVD, PATASKALA, OH 43062
911 N WILLIAMS ST, PAULDING, OH 45879-8800
2811 MEASLEY RIDGE RD, PEEBLES, OH 45660
26540 DIXIE HWY, PERRYSBURG, OH 43551
10163 FREMONT PIKE, PERRYSBURG, OH 43551
3430 LIBBEY RD, PERRYSBURG, OH 43551-9739
1091 HILL RD, PICKERINGTON, OH 43147-8886
995 E ASH ST, PIQUA, OH 45356
1546 COVINGTON AVENUE, PIQUA, OH 45356
200 JEFFERSON AVE, PLAIN CITY, OH 43064
423 W MAIN ST, POMEROY, OH 45769
1700 E PERRY ST, PORT CLINTON, OH 43452-1426
18 NE CATAWBA RD, PORT CLINTON, OH 43452-3701
2624 GALLIA STREET, PORTSMOUTH, OH 45662
4587 OLD SCIOTO TRL, PORTSMOUTH, OH 45662
3942 ATTUCKS DRIVE, POWELL, OH 43065
6232 ST RT 7, PROCTORVILLE, OH 45669
4190 LYNN RD, RAVENNA, OH 44266-9527
418 W MAIN ST, RAVENNA, OH 44266-2716
8908 READING RD, READING, OH 45215
6350 TUSSING RD, REYNOLDSBURG, OH 43068-3983
6323 E MAIN ST, REYNOLDSBURG, OH 43068
13885 REYNOLDSBURG BALTIMORE RD, REYNOLDSBURG, OH 43068
3921 WHEATLEY RD, RICHFIELD, OH 44286
465 RICHMOND RD, RICHMOND HEIGHTS, OH 44143-2745
1000 SOUTH 2ND STREET, RIPLEY, OH 45167
21675 CENTER RIDGE RD, ROCKY RIVER, OH 44116-3917
835 LIME CITY RD, ROSSFORD, OH 43460-1613
431 E MAIN, RUSSELLS POINT, OH 43348-9601
67891 MALL RING RD, SAINT CLAIRSVILLE, OH 43950
1892 E STATE ST, SALEM, OH 44460-3301
2102 RIVER AVE, SANDUSKY, OH 44870-3954
908 W PERKINS, SANDUSKY, OH 44870-4745
3511 TIFFIN AVE, SANDUSKY, OH 44870

101

TELEPHONE
419-485-8461
330-666-2007
937-298-6875
513-406-6818
740-397-5501
740-397-5503
740-392-5503
419-768-2210
330-686-9644
419-599-1192
740-753-4018
614-775-5000
937-306-7156
937-687-2224
740-342-1147
419-929-6231
330-343-6566
513-553-0581
740-344-4920
740-344-1211
740-366-3566
740-498-8433
330-872-1641
330-544-3077
330-652-3328
419-257-3007
330-494-4466
330-497-8733
330-497-7707
330-493-0824
330-549-9275
440-777-6393
440-327-4261
440-353-0505
440-237-9988
330-467-0751
330-825-0526
419-668-4571
419-668-1487
513-631-3012
419-898-4724
740-682-6443
440-439-8080
440-774-1314
330-683-8898
419-523-3533
513-523-8933
440-352-6000
440-639-0313
216-459-0480
216-635-5410
440-886-6688
440-888-4068
440-886-1120
440-888-0313
740-927-2269
740-964-9920
419-399-2240
937-587-5767
419-872-2210
419-874-2538
419-837-6300
614-759-1007
937-773-3100
937-778-8400
614-873-6222
740-992-5600
419-734-3702
419-734-4092
740-353-7193
740-353-2127
614-798-1293
740-886-8700
330-325-0909
330-297-5379
513-761-6702
614-864-4454
614-868-1725
614-866-0318
330-659-3322
216-381-4722
937-392-4991
440-333-7020
419-666-7575
937-843-5251
740-695-4107
330-332-4889
419-626-6321
419-624-1709
419-609-9119

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
JASON PAYNE
CONNIE SCHUMACHER
SHAWN G PAYNE
MATTHEW BROWN
MATTHEW BROWN
LARRY J MONICA
BENJAMIN SCOTT, JR.
MARGO A KAROS
MELVIN PICKARD
MELISSA N WELTON
ERIC M GODLOVE
ERIC M GODLOVE
SCOTT HOLOWICKI
SCOTT HOLOWICKI
JASON MONFORT
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
SANTIAGO GIL
WILLIAM E GALLOWAY
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
GAETANO A CECCHINI
WILLIAM E GALLOWAY
SHAWN G PAYNE
SHAWN G PAYNE
GAETANO A CECCHINI
RODNEY H BOESTER
SCOTT HOLOWICKI
LARRY A MOORE, JR.
JOHN C BLICKLE
CHRISTOPHER CIELEC
CHAD M NEMESEK
LUKE HUMBARD
BENJAMIN SCOTT, JR.
JON D HARRIS
JON D HARRIS
LUKE HUMBARD
LUKE HUMBARD
LUKE HUMBARD
LUKE HUMBARD
LUKE HUMBARD
TAMER H METAWA
TAMER H METAWA
TAMER H METAWA
TAMER H METAWA
TAMER H METAWA
TAMER H METAWA
TAMER H METAWA
TAMER H METAWA
TAMER H METAWA
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
KYLE J PAWLING
JOEL A SCHMIDT
BENJAMIN SCOTT, JR.
SHAWN G PAYNE
AMY D ANSEL
JOHN C BLICKLE
JOHN HOUSE
JESSICA HALL
JONATHAN P LEWIS
JONATHAN P LEWIS
KYLE KINNEY
JASON PAYNE
LEA ANNE HEIDMAN
STACY VORHEES
ERIC KNOTH
KRISTEN KNOTH
JOHN P PERDUE
BRENDA L RIEGER
DAVID J RIEGER
DOMINIC M EPIFANO
DOMINIC M EPIFANO
LARRY A MOORE, JR.
MATTHEW J RIVELLO
MELODY K FEWSTER
GAETANO A CECCHINI
ERIC M GODLOVE
WHITNEY CRUELLS
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
ERIC M GODLOVE
ERIC M GODLOVE
ERIC M GODLOVE
MICHAEL KILROY
MICHAEL KILROY
JAMES A HOLOWICKI
ERIC M GODLOVE
SUZANNE HEAD
SCOTT HOLOWICKI
ALEX MENDOZA
ALEX MENDOZA
ALEX MENDOZA
GREGORY J COUTRIS

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
4204 MILAN ROAD, SANDUSKY, OH 44870-5832
17111 SR 247, SEAMAN, OH 45679
6074 SPEEDWAY DR, SEVILLE, OH 44273-9107
1695 E KEMPER RD, SHARONVILLE, OH 45246
3900 HAUCK ROAD, SHARONVILLE, OH 45241
151 MANSFIELD AVE, SHELBY, OH 44875-1832
2215 W MICHIGAN AVE, SIDNEY, OH 45365-9077
4500 MAYFIELD RD, SOUTH EUCLID, OH 44121-4017
738 CORWIN NIXON BOULEVARD, SOUTH LEBANON, OH 45065
295 COUNTY RD, SOUTH POINT, OH 45680
775 W CENTRAL AVE, SPRINGBORO, OH 45066-1113
11723 PRINCETON PIKE, SPRINGDALE, OH 45246-2505
1160 UPPER VALLEY PIKE, SPRINGFIELD, OH 45503
1480 HILLCREST AVE, SPRINGFIELD, OH 45503
1206 INDIANA AVE, ST MARY'S, OH 45885
2106 SUNSET BOULEVARD, STEUBENVILLE, OH 43952
712 STEELS CORNERS RD, STOW, OH 44224
4346 KENT ROAD, STOW, OH 44224
5020 DARROW RD, STOW, OH 44224-1408
607 S WOOSTER AVE, STRASBURG, OH 44680
9439 SR 14, STREETSBORO, OH 44240
14615 PEARL RD, STRONGSVILLE, OH 44136-5011
9192 PEARL ROAD, STRONGSVILLE, OH 44136
725 DOVER RD, SUGARCREEK, OH 44681
7352 E ST RT 37, SUNBURY, OH 43074-9549
85 N MILLER DRIVE, SUNBURY, OH 43074
14225 AIRPORT HWY, SWANTON, OH 43558-1501
2 EAST AVENUE, TALLMADGE, OH 44278-2317
80 N PLAINS RD, THE PLAINS, OH 45780
109 STATE ROUTE 325 S, THURMAN, OH 45685
1714 W STATE ROUTE 18, TIFFIN, OH 44883-2561
127 S GARBER DR, TIPP CITY, OH 45371-1147
1560 E ALEXIS RD, TOLEDO, OH 43612-3952
5210 N SUMMIT ST, TOLEDO, OH 43611-2214
3138 SECOR RD, TOLEDO, OH 43606-1513
90 MAIN ST, TOLEDO, OH 43605-2032
567 MANHATTAN BLVD, TOLEDO, OH 43608-1270
1520 CHERRY ST, TOLEDO, OH 43608-2912
1540 BROADWAY ST, TOLEDO, OH 43609-2855
3005 N HOLLAND-SYLVANIA RD, TOLEDO, OH 43615
1205 W SYLVANIA AVE, TOLEDO, OH 43612-1705
2130 S REYNOLDS RD, TOLEDO, OH 43614-1411
36 N REYNOLDS RD, TOLEDO, OH 43615-5214
5057 MONROE ST, TOLEDO, OH 43623-3603
3008 MONROE ST, TOLEDO, OH 43606
7159 W CENTRAL AVE, TOLEDO, OH 43617
1727 W LASKEY RD, TOLEDO, OH 43613
1405 S BYRNE RD, TOLEDO, OH 43614
1850 FRANKLIN ST, TORONTO, OH 43964
3545 WAYNE MADISON RD, TRENTON, OH 45067
5360 SALEM AVE, TROTWOOD, OH 45426
1560 W MAIN ST, TROY, OH 45373-2512
2533 AURORA RD, TWINSBURG, OH 44087-2147
101 MCCAULEY DR, UHRICHSVILLE, OH 44683
3672 MASSILLON RD, UNIONTOWN, OH 44685
2224 WARRENSVILLE CENTER RD, UNIVERSITY HEIGHTS, OH 44118
1650 E WYANDOT AVE, UPPER SANDUSKY, OH 43351-9700
1162 S SHANNON, VAN WERT, OH 45891-2446
101 CHRISTOPHER CROSSING, VAN WERT, OH 45891
530 E NATIONAL RD, VANDALIA, OH 45377-2343
4783 LIBERTY AVE, VERMILION, OH 44089
920 HIGH ST, WADSWORTH, OH 44281-8763
1376 BELLEFONTAINE ST, WAPAKONETA, OH 45895-9776
162 NORTH RD, WARREN, OH 44484-4502
595 SOUTH ST SE, WARREN, OH 44483
2487 PARKMAN RD, WARREN, OH 44485
4291 MAHONING AVE, WARREN, OH 44483-1928
2110 NILES COURTLAND RD, WARREN, OH 44484
280 S ELM ST, WASHINGTON COURT HOUSE, OH 43160-2170
1401 LEESBURG AVE, WASHINGTON COURT HOUSE, OH 43160
7228 DUTCH RD, WATERVILLE, OH 43566
1375 N SHOOP, WAUSEON, OH 43567-1826
701 W EMMITT AVE, WAVERLY, OH 45690-1015
8720 WAYNESBURG DR SE, WAYNESBURG, OH 44688
355 S MAIN ST, WAYNESVILLE, OH 45068
1254 S PENNSYLVANIA AVE, WELLSTON, OH 45692
100 LISBON ST, WELLSVILLE, OH 43968
741 E DIXIE DR, WEST CARROLLTON, OH 45449-1924
9142 CINCINNTI COLUMBUS RD, WEST CHESTER, OH 45069
9160 ALLEN RD, WEST CHESTER, OH 45069-4834
7085 LIBERTY CENTRE DR, WEST CHESTER, OH 45069
7679 DOC DRIVE, WEST CHESTER, OH 45069
285 E MAIN ST, WEST JEFFERSON, OH 43162
127 N MIAMI ST, WEST MILTON, OH 45383
11325 STATE HWY 41, WEST UNION, OH 45693-9397
4435 EXECUTIVE PKY, WESTERVILLE, OH 43081-3850
662 SOUTH STATE STREET, WESTERVILLE, OH 43081-3300
40 S CLEVELAND AVE, WESTERVILLE, OH 43081-1247
905 N STATE ST, WESTERVILLE, OH 43082
25700 DETROIT RD, WESTLAKE, OH 44145-2421

102

TELEPHONE
419-625-6355
937-386-2211
330-769-2008
513-771-3729
513-563-6090
419-347-2004
937-492-4900
216-382-0814
513-480-1353
740-894-3888
937-746-1777
513-346-3149
614-504-0762
614-504-0788
419-394-8833
740-264-2477
330-923-6261
330-688-2742
330-655-9820
330-878-2444
330-626-3773
440-572-1832
440-260-0804
330-852-3417
740-965-2263
740-965-5906
419-930-6267
330-630-3296
740-797-0203
740-245-5156
419-447-5925
937-667-3100
419-726-5700
419-727-7828
419-535-7661
419-691-8862
419-729-9414
419-244-5211
419-255-1404
419-531-9081
419-476-8946
419-865-0001
419-535-1107
419-472-2801
419-243-4443
419-841-6210
419-474-4676
419-385-1385
740-537-5370
513-370-2366
937-960-1079
937-339-3100
330-425-3011
740-922-3298
330-896-9303
216-320-9623
419-294-4182
419-238-2055
419-238-4755
937-898-9613
440-967-4210
330-336-8100
419-738-7264
330-856-3611
330-392-9600
330-898-3800
330-847-8522
330-652-0691
740-335-0453
740-333-1701
419-930-6270
419-337-6776
740-947-4661
330-866-3388
513-897-1110
740-384-4716
330-532-3334
937-859-3850
513-779-3656
513-870-0038
513-777-9688
513-777-0008
614-879-8966
937-698-3665
937-544-5695
614-324-2268
614-891-0198
614-882-5719
614-523-4172
440-871-9161

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
BRUCE A PARSLEY
JASON PAYNE
JOHN C BLICKLE
MARGO A KAROS
ALI MANDOVI
MATTHEW BROWN
MATTHEW BROWN
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
LEIGH CHAMNESS
JOHN C BLICKLE
AMANDA L STOLTZ-MOORE
MATTHEW MACKENZIE
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
SCOTT HOLOWICKI
JEREMY S HAMILTON
C THOMAS LOCKE, III
C THOMAS LOCKE, III
JOHN P PERDUE
MICHELLE PERDUE
MICHELLE PERDUE
RYAN M THORLEY
RYAN M THORLEY
BRIAN LA PAT
JOHN BLABER
RYAN M THORLEY
RYAN M THORLEY
RICK M THORLEY
GLEN D NICHOLS, JR.
GLEN D NICHOLS, JR.
DONALD J SANTIAGO
JAY C WAGNER
SHONDA L WAGNER
MARTHA BALL
ROBERT E WAGNER, III
JAY C WAGNER
JAY C WAGNER
JAY C WAGNER
JAY C WAGNER
JAY C WAGNER
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
GLEN D NICHOLS, JR.
ROBERT E WAGNER, III
ROBERT E WAGNER, III
JONATHAN CHAN
JOHN BLABER
GARY MORNHINWEG
ROBERT E WAGNER, III
DAVID HADLEY
GLEN D NICHOLS, JR.
GLEN D NICHOLS, JR.
JOSEPH S PHILLIPS
GLEN D NICHOLS, JR.
ROBERT S HORROCKS, JR.
RYAN M THORLEY
RICK M THORLEY
MARTHA BALL
MARTHA BALL
MARTHA BALL
ROBERT E WAGNER, III
ROBERT E WAGNER, III
ROBERT E WAGNER, III
ROBERT E WAGNER, III
BRIAN LA PAT
RYAN M THORLEY
JOSEPH S PHILLIPS
BRIAN LA PAT
BRIAN LA PAT
BRIAN LA PAT
BILLY D SAMPSON
BILL MATHEWS
PHILLIP J CLOSE
ROBERT E WAGNER, III
KEVIN MARTIN
GARY MORNHINWEG
JONATHAN CHAN
KATHRYN E LOPEZ-THORLEY
ANAND KUMAR
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
PHILLIP J CLOSE
BRIAN LA PAT
THOMAS N TEAGUE
THOMAS N TEAGUE
THOMAS N TEAGUE
THOMAS N TEAGUE
THOMAS N TEAGUE
GARY MORNHINWEG
RICK M THORLEY
GLEN D NICHOLS, JR.

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
8808 OHIO RIVER RD, WHEELERSBURG, OH 45694
207 E WALTON ST, WILLARD, OH 44890-9419
36390 EUCLID AVE, WILLOUGHBY, OH 44094-4454
2841 BISHOP RD, WILLOUGHBY HILLS, OH 44092
31115 VINE ST, WILLOWICK, OH 44095
5843 SR 68 N, WILMINGTON, OH 45177-9416
1272 ROMBACH RD, WILMINGTON, OH 45177
140 MAIN STREET, WINTERSVILLE, OH 43952
10573 SPRINGFIELD PIKE, WOODLAWN, OH 45215
27570 CHAGRIN BLVD, WOODMERE, OH 44122
145 N MAIN ST, WOODSFIELD, OH 43793
924 W MAIN STREET, WOODVILLE, OH 43469
540 BEALL AVE, WOOSTER, OH 44691-3524
2130 LINCOLN WAY E, WOOSTER, OH 44691-3818
3905 BURBANK RD, WOOSTER, OH 44691-8520
80 E WILSON BRIDGE RD, WORTHINGTON, OH 43085-2302
1645 N DETROIT STEET, XENIA, OH 45385
3630 BELMONT RD, YOUNGSTOWN, OH 44505-1404
691 MCCARTNEY RD, YOUNGSTOWN, OH 44505-5016
570 5TH AVE, YOUNGSTOWN, OH 44502-1241
601 MIDLOTHIAN RD, YOUNGSTOWN, OH 44512
1180 BOARDMAN POLAND ROAD, YOUNGSTOWN, OH 44514
818 N COUNTRY CLUB RD, ADA, OK 74820-2844
220 E BROADWAY, ALTUS, OK 73521-5504
602 OKLAHOMA BLVD, ALVA, OK 73717
714 W PETREE ROAD, ANADARKO, OK 73005
1001 W BROADWAY, ARDMORE, OK 73401-4530
1202 COOPER DR, ARDMORE, OK 73401
1100 S MISSISSIPPI, ATOKA, OK 74525-2868
606 SE WASHINGTON BLVD, BARTLESVILLE, OK 74003
2441 SE WASHINGTON BLVD, BARTLESVILLE, OK 74006
7010 NW 23RD ST, BETHANY, OK 73008-5221
12101 S MEMORIAL, BIXBY, OK 74008
14975 S MEMORIAL DRIVE, BIXBY, OK 74008
909 N 44TH, BLACKWELL, OK 74631
702 N MAIN, BRISTOW, OK 74010
830 N ELM PL, BROKEN ARROW, OK 74012
3800 S ELM PL, BROKEN ARROW, OK 74012
2525 N ASPEN, BROKEN ARROW, OK 74012-1153
11091 S HIGHWAY 51, BROKEN ARROW, OK 74014
1250 E ALBANY ST, BROKEN ARROW, OK 74012
513 S PARK DR, BROKEN BOW, OK 74728
300 N 193RD E AVE, CATOOSA, OK 74015-2854
1818 E 1ST ST, CHANDLER, OK 74834
346480 E 890 RD, CHANDLER, OK 74079
99 PAUL CARR DRIVE, CHECOTAH, OK 74426
HE BAILEY TPKE / I-44 (TRAVEL PLAZA), CHICKASHA, OK 73018
2027 S 4TH ST, CHICKASHA, OK 73018-5942
14855 N EAST 23RD, CHOCTAW, OK 73020
1404 SO CHOUTEAU AVE, CHOUTEAU, OK 74337
1710 S LYNN RIGGS BLVD, CLAREMORE, OK 74017
309 S BROADWAY ST, CLEVELAND, OK 74020
2301 RED WHEAT DR, CLINTON, OK 73601-5315
11604 N 135TH E AVE, COLLINSVILLE, OK 74021
2230 E MAIN ST, CUSHING, OK 74023-2907
1817 N HWY 81, DUNCAN, OK 73533
2227 W MAIN ST, DURANT, OK 74701-4803
1235 N KELLY, EDMOND, OK 73003-4865
1300 E 2ND ST, EDMOND, OK 73034
2625 MARKET ST, EDMOND, OK 73034
2933 E MEMORIAL, EDMOND, OK 73034
20 SE 33RD ST, EDMOND, OK 73013
1414 S SANTA FE AVE, EDMOND, OK 73003
16410 N MAY, EDMOND, OK 73013
2424 S COUNTRY CLUB DR, EL RENO, OK 73036-5813
7738 HWY 277, ELGIN, OK 73538
2009 S MAIN ST, ELK CITY, OK 73648-9113
1010 W MAINE ST, ENID, OK 73703
4125 W GARRIOTT, ENID, OK 73703
1125 W WILLOW, ENID, OK 73703
620 S MAIN STREET, EUFAULA, OK 74432
1509 S ROSS STREET, FT GIBSON, OK 74434
209 W 3RD, GROVE, OK 74344-3203
1527 S DIVISION, GUTHRIE, OK 73044-5009
1906 HWY 64 N, GUYMON, OK 73942
3115 S HARRAH RD, HARRAH, OK 73045
500 E MAIN, HENRYETTA, OK 74437-4438
424 EAST HWY, HOLDENVILLE, OK 74848
1509 E JACKSON, HUGO, OK 74743
201 SE LINCOLN ROAD, IDABEL, OK 74745
404 MAIN STREET, JAY, OK 74346
1600 S MAIN, KINGFISHER, OK 73750
3144 NW CACHE RD, LAWTON, OK 73505
30 S SHERIDAN, LAWTON, OK 73501-5501
1015 SW LEE BLVD, LAWTON, OK 73501-5720
1 NW 67TH ST, LAWTON, OK 73505
1948 NW 82ND STREET, LAWTON, OK 73505
407 LINWOOD PLZ (WM #0893), LINDSAY, OK 73052
511 S 1ST ST, MADILL, OK 73446
30001 W HIGHWAY 51, MANNFORD, OK 74044

103

TELEPHONE
740-574-5582
419-935-1414
440-942-7792
440-944-2224
440-944-6019
937-382-5583
937-382-5211
740-264-0601
513-771-8890
216-378-9933
740-472-0100
419-849-2323
330-262-3686
330-264-1551
330-345-6216
614-324-2097
937-374-0103
330-227-6401
330-747-6474
330-743-6112
330-782-6691
330-629-8930
580-436-4216
580-482-7555
580-327-0044
405-247-2948
580-226-5001
580-223-1542
580-889-2511
918-333-6060
918-333-3232
405-495-1002
918-369-4411
918-366-4531
580-363-3113
918-367-5661
918-251-6110
918-451-0303
918-251-1266
918-486-1610
918-355-0378
580-584-7300
918-266-7892
405-258-5300
405-258-4199
999-999-9999
405-222-3639
405-222-1851
405-390-0285
918-476-6206
918-342-5191
918-358-9200
580-323-0295
918-371-0632
918-225-7515
580-252-1398
580-920-0126
405-340-3473
405-348-8228
405-906-2438
405-478-5444
405-359-0209
405-844-9668
405-340-8744
405-262-7500
580-492-4478
580-323-0295
580-234-5076
580-234-5051
580-234-3500
918-689-9733
918-478-4799
918-786-7149
405-282-0681
580-338-5668
405-391-5002
918-652-7757
405-379-3966
580-326-0002
580-286-6158
918-253-3443
405-375-5455
580-351-9820
580-354-0544
580-357-3580
580-510-8084
580-699-8770
405-756-8853
580-795-2600
918-865-2374

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
RICK M THORLEY
BILLY D SAMPSON
JONATHAN CHAN
PHILLIP J CLOSE
MARTHA BALL
ROBERT E WAGNER, III
PATRICIA M SANTIAGO-BRENNAN
JOHN R HADLEY
JONATHAN CHAN
JONATHAN CHAN
JONATHAN CHAN
PATRICIA M SANTIAGO-BRENNAN
DONALD J SANTIAGO
PATRICIA M SANTIAGO-BRENNAN
PATRICIA M SANTIAGO-BRENNAN
PATRICIA M SANTIAGO-BRENNAN
PATRICIA M SANTIAGO-BRENNAN
JONATHAN CHAN
MARTHA BALL
MICHAEL C HOM
MICHAEL C HOM
MICHAEL C HOM
MICHAEL C HOM
GARY MORNHINWEG
DONALD J SANTIAGO
DONALD J SANTIAGO
PATRICIA M SANTIAGO-BRENNAN
PATRICIA M SANTIAGO-BRENNAN
PATRICIA M SANTIAGO-BRENNAN
PATRICIA M SANTIAGO-BRENNAN
PATRICIA M SANTIAGO-BRENNAN
PATRICIA M SANTIAGO-BRENNAN
PATRICIA M SANTIAGO-BRENNAN
PATRICIA M SANTIAGO-BRENNAN
PATRICIA M SANTIAGO-BRENNAN
PATRICIA M SANTIAGO-BRENNAN
RAMONA SANTIAGO-DAVIS
RAMONA SANTIAGO-DAVIS
RAMONA SANTIAGO-DAVIS
RAMONA SANTIAGO-DAVIS
RAMONA SANTIAGO-DAVIS
ROBERT E WAGNER, III
ROBERT E WAGNER, III
TONJUA WHETSTONE
TONJUA WHETSTONE
TONJUA WHETSTONE
JONATHAN CHAN
GLEN D NICHOLS, JR.
GLEN D NICHOLS, JR.
ROBERT E WAGNER, III
RYAN M THORLEY
GLEN D NICHOLS, JR.
ROBERT S HORROCKS, III
ROBERT S HORROCKS, III
ROBERT S HORROCKS, III
PATRICIA M SANTIAGO-BRENNAN
MARTHA BALL
JAMES K HADLEY
GLEN D NICHOLS, JR.
GARY MORNHINWEG
JOHN R HADLEY
JOHN R HADLEY
RYAN M THORLEY
GLEN D NICHOLS, JR.
BILLY D SAMPSON
ROBERT S HORROCKS, III
ROBERT S HORROCKS, III
BILL MATHEWS
ROBERT E WAGNER, III
ROBERT E WAGNER, III
RYAN M THORLEY
BILL MATHEWS
RYAN M THORLEY
DONALD J SANTIAGO
RYAN M THORLEY
MICHEAL GENTRY
MICHEAL GENTRY
MICHEAL GENTRY
MICHEAL GENTRY
MICHEAL GENTRY
MICHEAL GENTRY
MICHEAL GENTRY
MICHEAL GENTRY
JAY C WAGNER
JAY C WAGNER
ROBERT E WAGNER, III
ROBERT E WAGNER, III
ROBERT E WAGNER, III
ROBERT E WAGNER, III
ROBERT E WAGNER, III

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
1303 MEMORIAL DRIVE, MARIETTA, OK 73448
1758 E CARL ALBERT PKY, MCALESTER, OK 74501-5138
INDIAN NATION TPKE / OK-375 (PLAZA), MCALESTER, OK 74501
1131N MAIN ST, MIAMI, OK 74354
7551 E RENO AVE, MIDWEST CITY, OK 73110
9001 NE 23RD, MIDWEST CITY, OK 73141
350 S EASTERN AVE, MOORE, OK 73160
MUSKOGEE TPKE / OK-351 (TRAVEL PLAZA), MUSKOGEE, OK 74401
140 W SHAWNEE, MUSKOGEE, OK 74401-4147
2415 CHANDLER ROAD, MUSKOGEE, OK 74403
101 S 32ND ST, MUSKOGEE, OK 74401
101 N TRADING CENTER TER, MUSTANG, OK 73064
3254 HILL STAR DRIVE, NEWCASTLE, OK 73065
101 ED NOBLE PKY, NORMAN, OK 73072
1720 W LINDSEY ST, NORMAN, OK 73069
2030 HIGHWAY 9 WEST, NORMAN, OK 73072
3520 W TECUMSEH RD, NORMAN, OK 73072
609 S WOODY GUTHRIE ST, OKEMAH, OK 74859-4643
1535 NW 50TH ST, OKLAHOMA CITY, OK 73118-4411
1004 W SHERIDAN, OKLAHOMA CITY, OK 73106
5815 NORTH MARTIN LUTHER KING AVENUE, OKLAHOMA CITY, OK 73111-7050
113 NW 23RD ST, OKLAHOMA CITY, OK 73103-4306
501 E RENO AVE, OKLAHOMA CITY, OK 73102-5014
7800 S SOONER RD, OKLAHOMA CITY, OK 73135
11000 N ROCKWELL, OKLAHOMA CITY, OK 73132
3722 NW 39TH ST, OKLAHOMA CITY, OK 73112
5812 NORTHWEST EXPY, OKLAHOMA CITY, OK 73132-5239
312 S MERIDIAN AVE, OKLAHOMA CITY, OK 73108-1012
201 S COUNCIL, OKLAHOMA CITY, OK 73128
8001 NW HWY, OKLAHOMA CITY, OK 73132
401 S MACARTHUR BLVD, OKLAHOMA CITY, OK 73128
4 S MUSTANG RD, OKLAHOMA CITY, OK 73099
400 S MORGAN RD, OKLAHOMA CITY, OK 73128
10609 S MAY AVE, OKLAHOMA CITY, OK 73170
925 SW 134TH ST, OKLAHOMA CITY, OK 73170
11316 SW 29TH STREET, OKLAHOMA CITY, OK 73099
6700 N MAY, OKLAHOMA CITY, OK 73116
12216 N PENNSYLVANIA, OKLAHOMA CITY, OK 73120-7834
2101 NW 23RD ST, OKLAHOMA CITY, OK 73107
13501 N MACARTHUR, OKLAHOMA CITY, OK 73142
7401 S CHOCTAW ROAD, OKLAHOMA CITY, OK 73020
14001 N PENNSYLVANIA AVE, OKLAHOMA CITY, OK 73134
18233 GROVE PKWY, OKLAHOMA CITY, OK 73012
6012 S PENNSYLVANIA AVE, OKLAHOMA CITY, OK 73159-3302
2901 S MAY, OKLAHOMA CITY, OK 73108-5625
2812 S MORGAN RD, OKLAHOMA CITY, OK 73128
480 S WOOD DR, OKMULGEE, OK 74447
7590 OWASSO EXPY, OWASSO, OK 74055-3445
12101 E 96TH ST N (WM #0168), OWASSO, OK 74055
9621 N GARNETT ROAD, OWASSO, OK 74055
2635 WEST GRANT AVE, PAULS VALLEY, OK 73075
1900 E MAIN, PAWHUSKA, OK 74056
CIMARRON TPKE / OK-412 (TRAVEL PLAZA), PAWNEE, OK 74058
102 E HWY 33, PERKINS, OK 74059
2802 W FIR, PERRY, OK 73077
13300 PIEDMONT RD, PIEDMONT, OK 73099
2124 N 14TH ST, PONCA CITY, OK 74601-1829
1801 N BROADWAY, POTEAU, OK 74953-3532
849 S MILL ST, PRYOR, OK 74361-6021
2211 S 9TH, PURCELL, OK 73080-1742
126 W RAY FINE BLVD, ROLAND, OK 74954
1006 S ROBERT KERR BLVD, SALLISAW, OK 74955-7225
1423 MILT PHILLIPS BLVD, SEMINOLE, OK 74868-2327
610 W ROGERS BLVD, SKIATOOK, OK 74070
1310 E MAIN ST, STIGLER, OK 74462
110 W MCELROY, STILLWATER, OK 74076
920 W 6TH ST, STILLWATER, OK 74074
201 W LOCUST ST, STILWELL, OK 74960
TURNER TPKE / I-44 (TRAVEL PLAZA), STROUD, OK 74079
801 ADA WEBB DR, STROUD, OK 74079
2539 W BROADWAY AVE, SULPHUR, OK 73086
2100 MAHANEY AVE, TAHLEQUAH, OK 74464
1210 GORDON COOPER DR, TECUMSEH, OK 74873
10809 N MAY, THE VILLAGE, OK 73120
1309 E MAIN ST, TISHOMINGO, OK 73460
4249 S YALE ST, TULSA, OK 74135-6004
2104 S SHERIDAN, TULSA, OK 74133
1708 E 1ST ST, TULSA, OK 74104-1401
5819 S 49TH WEST AVE, TULSA, OK 74107
1441 N PEORIA, TULSA, OK 74104
2245 SOUTHWEST BLVD, TULSA, OK 74107-2706
1216 E 15TH ST S, TULSA, OK 74120
229 N GILCREASE MUSEUM RD, TULSA, OK 74127-6537
1406 E 71ST, TULSA, OK 74136-5037
7105 S OLYMPIA AVE W, TULSA, OK 74132
4935 S MEMORIAL DR, TULSA, OK 74145-6914
7010 S ZURICH AVE, TULSA, OK 74136
8952 S MEMORIAL DR, TULSA, OK 74133-4303
9525 E 71ST ST S, TULSA, OK 74145
3106 S MEMORIAL RD, TULSA, OK 74135

104

TELEPHONE
580-276-5415
918-423-8050
918-426-4788
918-542-2094
405-741-2113
405-769-7222
405-735-5447
918-683-1878
918-682-5730
918-781-1358
918-681-4088
405-376-4414
405-387-5888
405-364-0862
405-329-4800
405-329-5900
405-310-4050
918-623-9232
405-858-0100
405-235-1400
405-424-1141
405-525-4115
405-272-5125
405-733-3039
405-721-2100
405-943-0140
405-721-9700
405-942-6023
405-782-0645
405-721-8000
405-789-2293
405-265-1834
405-495-8888
405-735-8724
405-692-1333
405-467-4114
405-842-3314
405-286-9698
405-524-4100
405-722-8500
405-391-3305
405-749-1900
405-906-2838
405-685-9600
405-681-4225
405-759-5182
999-999-9999
918-272-3012
918-376-9937
918-221-8482
405-238-2282
918-287-2385
918-454-2423
405-547-8664
580-336-3455
405-283-0840
580-762-8686
918-647-8700
918-825-4032
405-527-6595
918-427-4241
918-775-2840
405-382-2965
918-396-9496
918-967-4199
405-377-0900
405-743-0370
918-797-2111
918-968-2888
918-968-2399
580-622-2440
918-456-4740
405-598-0260
405-755-0442
580-371-0518
918-663-0400
918-835-2208
918-599-7730
918-445-3527
918-599-0631
918-585-9260
918-295-8936
918-596-0000
918-494-0242
918-445-7201
918-664-6085
918-492-8701
918-250-0091
918-250-6024
918-622-1171

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
ROBERT E WAGNER, III
ROBERT E WAGNER, III
ROBERT E WAGNER, III
ROBERT E WAGNER, III
GLEN D NICHOLS, JR.
GLEN D NICHOLS, JR.
DAVID HADLEY
JOHN R HADLEY
DONALD J SANTIAGO
JOSEPH S PHILLIPS
BILLY D SAMPSON
KEVIN MARTIN
PATRICIA M SANTIAGO-BRENNAN
PATRICIA M SANTIAGO-BRENNAN
DANIEL A TURNER
DANIEL A TURNER
JAMES W MONROE II
JAMES W MONROE II
TODD TOBEY
BEAU WILLADSEN
RONIL CHAND
BRANDON CHEN
BRANDON CHEN
SCOTT ACARREGUI
SCOTT ACARREGUI
SCOTT ACARREGUI
SCOTT ACARREGUI
HARPREET DHESI
JARED RAY
LYLE EUGENE HILL III
JARED RAY
JARED RAY
DASONDA S SANDHAR
CARL ARMSTRONG
MALCOLM PARRISH
MALCOLM PARRISH
SHANE D CAMPBELL
DANIEL A TURNER
SHANE D CAMPBELL
SHANE D CAMPBELL
SHANE D CAMPBELL
SHANE D CAMPBELL
SHANE D CAMPBELL
SHANE D CAMPBELL
SHANE D CAMPBELL
CARL ARMSTRONG
JAMES W MONROE II
JARED RAY
LYLE EUGENE HILL III
LYLE EUGENE HILL III
LYLE EUGENE HILL III
JUAN MARQUEZ
JOSEPHINE D CRENSHAW
MARK BYNUM
JARED RAY
LEE ADAMS
JAMES W MONROE II
JAMES W MONROE II
JON ORBON
JON ORBON
JON ORBON
PAUL L RODBY
DANIEL JASON BUSTOS
DANIEL JASON BUSTOS
DANIEL A TURNER
DASONDA S SANDHAR
MICHAEL SEAMAN
MICHAEL SEAMAN
ROSS A KELLY
ROSS A KELLY
BEAU WILLADSEN
SCOTT ACARREGUI
JARED RAY
MICHAEL SEAMAN
TODD TOBEY
PAUL L RODBY
TRAVIS KENNEDY
TRAVIS KENNEDY
HEATHER COLEMAN
HEATHER COLEMAN
LYLE EUGENE HILL III
LYLE EUGENE HILL III
LEE ADAMS
MARK BYNUM
DOUGLAS A SCHWINDT
DOUGLAS A SCHWINDT
JARED RAY
SHANE D CAMPBELL
DOUGLAS A SCHWINDT
TODD TOBEY

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
8112 S MINGO RD, TULSA, OK 74133
333 S 129TH E AVE, TULSA, OK 74101
1301 S HARVARD, TULSA, OK 74112
4780 S HARVARD AVENUE, TULSA, OK 74135
WILL ROGERS TPKE / I-44 (TRAVEL PLAZA), VINITA, OK 74301
111 E ILLINOIS, VINITA, OK 74301
420 S DEWEY, WAGONER, OK 74467-5500
1003 S HWY 2, WARNER, OK 74469
5850 NW 39TH EXPY, WARR ACRES, OK 73122
105 N WASHINGTON, WEATHERFORD, OK 73096
417 W MAIN, WILBURTON, OK 74578
2720 OKLAHOMA AVE, WOODWARD, OK 73801-4012
31 W MAIN, YUKON, OK 73099-2234
1252 GARTH BROOKS BLVD, YUKON, OK 73099
3232 E PACIFIC, ALBANY, OR 97321
1820 PACIFIC BLVD SW, ALBANY, OR 97321-3532
19525 SW TUALATIN VALLEY HWY, ALOHA, OR 97006-2340
17555 SW FARMINGTON RD, ALOHA, OR 97007
645 MARINE DRIVE, ASTORIA, OR 97103-4238
760 CAMPBELL ST, BAKER CITY, OR 97814
15975 SW REGATTA LN, BEAVERTON, OR 97006
9475 SOUTHWEST BEAVERTON HILLSDALE HIGHW, BEAVERTON, OR 97005
3519 CEDAR HILLS BLVD, BEAVERTON, OR 97005-2026
2048 NE 3RD ST, BEND, OR 97701-3815
1151 SE 3RD, BEND, OR 97702
2630 NE HWY 20, BEND, OR 97701
220 SW CENTURY DR, BEND, OR 97702
815 CHETCO AVE, BROOKINGS, OR 97415-0250
709 S WEST 1ST ST, CANBY, OR 97013-3823
43 S 9TH ST, CENTRAL POINT, OR 97502
15960 SE 82ND DR, CLACKAMAS, OR 97015-9502
13470 SE HWY 212, CLACKAMAS, OR 97015
91027 S COBURG INDUSTRIAL WAY, COBURG, OR 97408
772 S BROADWAY, COOS BAY, OR 97420-1542
2250 NW 9TH ST, CORVALLIS, OR 97330-1555
300 NW 3RD ST, CORVALLIS, OR 97330
1520 GATEWAY BLVD, COTTAGE GROVE, OR 97424-1262
227 E ELLENDALE AVE, DALLAS, OR 97338-1511
55 RIVER AVE, EUGENE, OR 97402
1580 COBURG RD, EUGENE, OR 97401-4802
1910 6TH AVE W, EUGENE, OR 97402-4308
2855 WILLAMETTE, EUGENE, OR 97401
659 E BROADWAY, EUGENE, OR 97403
3555 W 11TH ST, EUGENE, OR 97402
2125 CUBIT ST, EUGENE, OR 97402
2060 HWY 101, FLORENCE, OR 97439
3315 PACIFIC AVE, FOREST GROVE, OR 97116-1914
820 E BERKELEY ST, GLADSTONE, OR 97027
1891 N 6TH ST, GRANTS PASS, OR 97526-1057
204 NE BEACON DR, GRANTS PASS, OR 97526-3842
1610 ALLEN CREEK ROAD, GRANTS PASS, OR 97527
900 SW HIGHLAND DR, GRESHAM, OR 97080-6373
1567 NE BURNSIDE RD, GRESHAM, OR 97030
12440 SE 82ND, HAPPY VALLEY, OR 97086
11899 SE SUNNYSIDE ROAD, HAPPY VALLEY, OR 97015
1320 N 1ST, HERMISTON, OR 97838-1102
110 SE BASELINE ST, HILLSBORO, OR 97123
2090 SE CYPRESS ST, HILLSBORO, OR 97123-7246
2435 NW TOWN CENTER DR, HILLSBORO, OR 97006-8948
1215 NE 48TH, HILLSBORO, OR 97124
6399 NW CORNELIUS PASS ROAD, HILLSBORO, OR 97124
641 N HWY 20, HINES, OR 97738
1049 MARINA WAY, HOOD RIVER, OR 97031-2378
2101 CASCADE AVENUE, HOOD RIVER, OR 97031
1315 MONMOUTH ST, INDEPENDENCE, OR 97351
355 W 10TH, JUNCTION CITY, OR 97448
4880 NE RIVER RD, KEIZER, OR 97303-4538
6025 KEIZER STATION BLVD NE, KEIZER, OR 97303
1874 AVALON BLVD, KLAMATH FALLS, OR 97601
2481 CAMPUS DR, KLAMATH FALLS, OR 97601-1102
2308 ISLAND AVE, LA GRANDE, OR 97850
16505 REED ROAD, LA PINE, OR 97739
16044 LOWER BOONES FERRY ROAD, LAKE OSWEGO, OR 97034
2250 S SANTIAM HWY, LEBANON, OR 97355-2481
4060 N HWY 101, LINCOLN CITY, OR 97367
28 NE OAK ST, MADRAS, OR 97741
1691 N HWY 99 W, MCMINNVILLE, OR 97128-2728
225 NE NORTON LN, MCMINNVILLE, OR 97128
1140 BIDDLE RD, MEDFORD, OR 97504
3611 CRATER LAKE HWY, MEDFORD, OR 97504
221 FERN VALLEY RD, MEDFORD, OR 97501
295 E BARNETT, MEDFORD, OR 97501
408 S MAIN ST, MILTON FREEWATER, OR 97862-1058
8151 SE LAMPHIER, MILWAUKIE, OR 97222
10970 SE OAK ST, MILWAUKIE, OR 97222-6695
15870 SE MCLOUGHLIN BLVD, MILWAUKIE, OR 97267
1565 W MAIN ST, MOLALLA, OR 97038
280 PRUNER RD, MYRTLE CREEK, OR 97457
3005 PORTLAND RD, NEWBERG, OR 97132-2074
1300 N COAST HWY, NEWPORT, OR 97365-2445

105

TELEPHONE
918-461-8616
918-234-0800
918-834-1895
918-742-5100
918-256-5571
918-256-6364
918-485-9548
918-463-5313
405-782-0361
580-774-1000
918-465-9833
580-254-2299
405-354-1285
405-354-1779
541-928-1230
541-926-0929
503-649-7092
503-352-4170
503-325-4168
541-523-7041
503-614-8799
503-646-1816
503-430-5042
541-389-3665
541-389-8222
541-389-8122
541-389-8324
541-469-9572
503-232-7005
541-664-1663
503-656-0758
503-657-2855
541-485-1252
541-267-2688
541-753-1014
541-754-8050
541-942-0024
503-623-3288
541-689-1303
541-686-2528
541-342-5533
541-485-5190
541-485-3857
541-343-8440
541-607-5834
541-997-5046
503-352-9076
503-557-9951
541-507-1015
541-471-1821
541-472-1772
503-667-6914
503-665-4511
503-654-9351
503-658-5107
541-567-2544
503-648-5700
503-648-3622
503-747-3784
503-844-8621
503-439-0090
541-573-5633
541-386-2268
541-386-9004
503-838-3337
541-998-1250
503-390-3522
503-463-1144
541-884-6654
541-882-9410
541-963-9015
541-536-3065
503-636-1579
541-451-2820
541-994-4838
541-475-3580
503-472-0808
503-472-0606
541-779-3334
541-857-2904
541-535-7683
541-779-3362
541-938-4305
503-774-2960
503-659-0979
503-654-6268
503-714-8703
541-863-7799
503-538-6611
541-265-9866

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
CARL ARMSTRONG
JAMES W MONROE II
MELVIN J WATSON
MELVIN J WATSON
MARK BYNUM
IAN OLSON
BEAU WILLADSEN
BEAU WILLADSEN
MALCOLM PARRISH
JUAN MARQUEZ
JUAN MARQUEZ
RONIL CHAND
BRANDON CHEN
DANIEL JASON BUSTOS
MARK BYNUM
JAMES DOTSON
JAMES DOTSON
JAMES DOTSON
JAMES DOTSON
JAMES DOTSON
JAMES W MONROE II
JAMES W MONROE II
IAN OLSON
IAN OLSON
TYLER OLSON
TYLER OLSON
TYLER OLSON
TYLER OLSON
TYLER OLSON
PAUL L RODBY
MASON RODBY
PAUL L RODBY
CARL ARMSTRONG
SHANE D CAMPBELL
SHANE D CAMPBELL
SHANE D CAMPBELL
IAN OLSON
JILL POLLARD
JILL POLLARD
JILL POLLARD
JILL POLLARD
MICHAEL SEAMAN
MICHAEL SEAMAN
MICHAEL SEAMAN
MICHAEL SEAMAN
MICHAEL SEAMAN
MICHAEL SEAMAN
JARED RAY
IAN OLSON
TODD TOBEY
DOUGLAS A SCHWINDT
JARED RAY
SCOTT ACARREGUI
SHANE D CAMPBELL
SHANE D CAMPBELL
DASONDA S SANDHAR
LEE ADAMS
MICHAEL SEAMAN
SHANE D CAMPBELL
MICHAEL SEAMAN
DANIEL JASON BUSTOS
DANIEL JASON BUSTOS
BRANDON CHEN
BRANDON CHEN
JARED RAY
DOUGLAS A SCHWINDT
TODD TOBEY
DANIEL JASON BUSTOS
DANIEL JASON BUSTOS
JARED RAY
JARED RAY
DANIEL JASON BUSTOS
JARED RAY
HEATHER COLEMAN
JARED RAY
MERLE MAYER
JARED RAY
TANYA R HILL-HOLLIDAY
DEBRA ORLANDO
MEGHAN K SWEENEY
MEGHAN K SWEENEY
DEREK GIACOMANTONIO
DEREK GIACOMANTONIO
TANYA R HILL-HOLLIDAY
ROBERT T HUGHES
JOE PANY
LAURA P SANDER
JOSEPH D NYANKO
JOSEPH D NYANKO
JOSEPH D NYANKO

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
3303 BROADWAY AVENUE, NORTH BEND, OR 97459-2201
9975 NW GLENCOE RD, NORTH PLAINS, OR 97133
1690 E IDAHO AVE, ONTARIO, OR 97914-3028
1476 SW 4TH AVE, ONTARIO, OR 97914
1450 S MOLALLA, OREGON CITY, OR 97045-4004
2010 CLACKAMETTE DR, OREGON CITY, OR 97045
900 SOUTHGATE, PENDLETON, OR 97801-3950
72489 HIGHWAY 331, PENDLETON, OR 97801
125 S 14TH ST, PHILOMATH, OR 97370
12026 NE AIRPORT WAY, PORTLAND, OR 97230
PORTLAND AIRPORT - PDX CONC C, PORTLAND, OR 97218
13459 NWCORNELL RD, PORTLAND, OR 97229
10050 SW BARBUR BLVD, PORTLAND, OR 97219
2231 NE 181ST AVE, PORTLAND, OR 97230-6924
5613 SE 82ND AVE, PORTLAND, OR 97266-4813
12109 NE GLISAN STREET, PORTLAND, OR 97220
2875 SE POWELL BLVD, PORTLAND, OR 97202-2051
9100 SE POWELL BLVD, PORTLAND, OR 97266
18320 SE STARK ST, PORTLAND, OR 97233
1525 NE 103RD AVE, PORTLAND, OR 97220
1831 W BURNSIDE, PORTLAND, OR 97209
8011 NE MARTIN LUTHER KING JR BLVD, PORTLAND, OR 97211
3330 NE 82ND AVE, PORTLAND, OR 97220-5230
8149 SE STARK, PORTLAND, OR 97215
12005 N CENTER ST, PORTLAND, OR 97217-7816
1520 NE GRAND, PORTLAND, OR 97232-1153
2010 NE CESAR E CHAVEZ BLVD, PORTLAND, OR 97212-5333
3208 NW YEON, PORTLAND, OR 97210-1524
7487 N IDA AVE, PORTLAND, OR 97203
498 W 3RD ST, PRINEVILLE, OR 97754
895 SW RIMROCK WAY, REDMOND, OR 97756
2456 S HWY 97, REDMOND, OR 97756-8874
310 N 14TH ST, REEDSPORT, OR 97467
511 NE GARDEN VALLEY RD, ROSEBURG, OR 97470-2081
2535 NW STEWART PARKWAY, ROSEBURG, OR 97470
150 ROBERTS CREEK ROAD, ROSEBURG, OR 97471
58771 S COLUMBIA RIVER HWY, SAINT HELENS, OR 97051
4020 COMMERCIAL ST SE, SALEM, OR 97302-3839
1011 LANCASTER DRIVE NE, SALEM, OR 97301-2934
570 WALLACE RD NW, SALEM, OR 97304
5090 COMMERCIAL ST SE, SALEM, OR 97306
1110 CENTER ST NE, SALEM, OR 97301-2523
3990 DEVONSHIRE AVE, SALEM, OR 97305
1598 HAWTHORNE AVE, SALEM, OR 97302
3995 RICKEY ST SE, SALEM, OR 97301
4706 PORTLAND RD NE, SALEM, OR 97305
2830 BROADWAY ST NE, SALEM, OR 97309
37445 SE HWY 26, SANDY, OR 97055-9250
33558 HAVLIK DR, SCAPPOOSE, OR 97056
225 S ROOSEVELT DR, SEASIDE, OR 97138-6741
21355 SHERWOOD BLVD, SHERWOOD, OR 97140
1049 N 1ST ST, SILVERTON, OR 97381
1001 RAILWAY AVENUE, SISTERS, OR 97759
3405 GATEWAY ST, SPRINGFIELD, OR 97477-1057
5701 MAIN ST, SPRINGFIELD, OR 97477
1565 MOHAWK BLVD, SPRINGFIELD, OR 97477-3355
2115 HWY 395, STANFIELD, OR 97875
1988 SHAFF RD, STAYTON, OR 97383
1379 W CENTRAL, SUTHERLIN, OR 97479
2000 HWY 20, SWEET HOME, OR 97386
1315 W 6TH, THE DALLES, OR 97058-3517
341 LONE PINE DR, THE DALLES, OR 97058
12090 SW MAIN, TIGARD, OR 97223-6218
11201 SW 72ND, TIGARD, OR 97223
12388 SW SCHOLLS FERRY RD, TIGARD, OR 97223-3335
16200 SW PACIFIC HWY, TIGARD, OR 97223
1855 N MAIN ST, TILLAMOOK, OR 97141
1002 NW FRONTAGE RD, TROUTDALE, OR 97060-9534
2555 SW CHERRY PARK RD, TROUTDALE, OR 97060
19200 SW BOONES FERRY RD, TUALATIN, OR 97062
6800 NYBERG RD, TUALATIN, OR 97062
91485 BIGGS-RUFUS HWY, WASCO, OR 97065
2100 8TH CT, WEST LINN, OR 97068
7421 CRATER LAKE HWY, WHITE CITY, OR 97503
29682 SW TOWN CENTER LOOP W, WILSONVILLE, OR 97070
2910 NEWBURG HWY, WOODBURN, OR 97071-2819
1540 MOUNT HOOD AVE, WOODBURN, OR 97071
1663 OLD YORK RD, ABINGTON, PA 19001
10541 ROUTE 6N, ALBION, PA 16401
131 PLEASANT DR, ALIQUIPPA, PA 15001
3003 HEIGHT RD, ALIQUIPPA, PA 15001
1321 UNION BLVD, ALLENTOWN, PA 18109-1572
1432 S 4TH ST, ALLENTOWN, PA 18103
1414 TILGHMAN ST, ALLENTOWN, PA 18102
721 CEDAR CREST BLVD, ALLENTOWN, PA 18104
3860 HAMILTON BLVD, ALLENTOWN, PA 18103
3020 LEHIGH ST, ALLENTOWN, PA 18103
407 E PLANK RD, ALTOONA, PA 16602
1500 9TH AVENUE STATION MALL, ALTOONA, PA 16602
406 E 25TH AVE, ALTOONA, PA 16601

106

TELEPHONE
541-756-6617
503-647-5070
541-889-2525
541-881-8787
503-655-7649
503-655-2393
541-276-6696
541-276-2327
541-929-3335
503-253-1695
503-281-0679
503-643-9455
503-246-6711
503-667-0722
503-777-9007
503-252-8057
503-233-4029
503-775-0339
503-665-4736
503-256-9290
503-227-6870
503-283-6733
503-254-5349
503-251-1211
503-289-2127
503-287-7719
503-282-1234
503-223-9235
503-289-3544
541-447-2571
541-504-0073
541-923-1923
541-271-7441
541-672-7002
541-440-9025
541-784-9477
503-397-6164
503-581-3683
503-364-7105
503-587-7318
503-391-6641
503-363-5314
503-364-7073
503-316-0835
503-364-9353
503-304-9170
503-362-4929
503-668-7600
503-543-3106
503-738-9498
503-625-6998
503-873-2885
541-549-6080
541-746-2819
541-744-1103
541-726-4007
541-449-3491
503-769-4552
541-459-0931
541-367-5516
541-298-5747
541-298-5700
503-639-8585
503-670-0608
503-590-6497
503-620-8343
503-842-1388
503-665-9455
503-674-0208
503-692-0420
503-691-2724
541-739-2422
503-557-3589
541-826-6669
503-685-9465
503-981-4621
503-980-9028
215-657-0399
814-756-3864
724-378-0622
724-375-9977
610-432-1000
610-797-3010
610-770-1748
610-439-0511
610-770-8996
610-797-4150
814-943-6677
814-943-1521
814-949-8891

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
TANYA R HILL-HOLLIDAY
MARCIA GRAHAM
MEGHAN K SWEENEY
MEGHAN K SWEENEY
MEGHAN K SWEENEY
MEGHAN K SWEENEY
STEVEN M DELAMATER
ARTURO R ALAMO
ARTURO R ALAMO
JOSEPH D NYANKO
TANYA R HILL-HOLLIDAY
TIMOTHY L NELSON
MATTHEW T ALAMO
ANDREW KELLEY
RICHARD DOANE
JOHN SANTONASTASSO, JR
ROBERT T HUGHES
ROBERT T HUGHES
ROBERT T HUGHES
LAURA P SANDER
JASON TEAL
CHRISTOPHER KAVLICK
ANDREW KELLEY
RICHARD DOANE
DAVID B SINGELYN
STEVEN M DELAMATER
JOHN SANTONASTASSO, JR
JOHN SANTONASTASSO, JR
MICHAEL E CLARK
TIMOTHY L NELSON
JOHN P COYLE
BRIAN J. ALVES SCARI
TANYA R HILL-HOLLIDAY
MEGHAN K SWEENEY
RICHARD DOANE
TANYA R HILL-HOLLIDAY
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
MEGHAN K SWEENEY
MEGHAN K SWEENEY
MEGHAN K SWEENEY
CHRISTIAN H RAWDEN
JENNIFER A STEWARD
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
CHRISTINA MUELLER CURRAN
SHIRI N LEVINE
SHIRI N LEVINE
SHIRI N LEVINE
JOHN SANTONASTASSO, JR
RICHARD DOANE
DONNA PILLA-ABBONIZIO
STEVEN M DELAMATER
STEVEN M DELAMATER
STEVEN M DELAMATER
MATTHEW T ALAMO
MEGHAN K SWEENEY
MEGHAN K SWEENEY
CHRISTINA MUELLER CURRAN
JOHN P COYLE
JOHN P COYLE
STEPHANIE A RAWDEN
RICHARD DOANE
MARCIA GRAHAM
R DOUGLAS CAPLAN
CHRISTINE SUAREZ-DIRIENZO
ARTURO R ALAMO
GRANT SKYLLAS
JAMES C MCINTYRE
SAMUEL NACHO NWAGBO
DEBRA ORLANDO
DAVID B SINGELYN
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
NICHOLAS D DELLIGATTI
MICHAEL F DELLIGATTI
JOSEPH D NYANKO
ANDREW KELLEY
RICHARD DOANE
JOHN SANTONASTASSO, JR
CHRISTINA MUELLER CURRAN
SHIRI N LEVINE
ARTURO R ALAMO
GRANT SKYLLAS
GRANT SKYLLAS
LAURA P SANDER
AUDRA A GENTILE-CATULLO
CHRISTOPHER COTTRELL
RICHARD DOANE
JOHN P COYLE
JOSEPH D NYANKO
RICHARD CORBIN
DARREN ROBERTS

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
111 LANCASTER PIKE, ARDMORE, PA 19003
635 S TROOPER RD, AUDUBON, PA 19403
300 OHIO RIVER BLVD, BADEN, PA 15005
190 STATE ST, BEAVER, PA 15009
2546 CONSTITUTION BLVD, BEAVER FALLS, PA 15010
1625 7TH AVE, BEAVER FALLS, PA 15010
4363 BUSINESS 220, BEDFORD, PA 15522
845 ROSTRAVER RD, BELLE VERNON, PA 15012
3 FAYETTE ST, BELLE VERNON, PA 15012
2647 BENNER PIKE, BELLEFONTE, PA 16823
1930 STREET ROAD, BENSALEM, PA 19020
1240 BRISTOL PIKE, BENSALEM, PA 19020
185 WILSON RD, BENTLEYVILLE, PA 15314
10 BRIAR CREEK PLAZA, BERWICK, PA 18603
260 W SWEDEFORD RD, BERWYN, PA 19312
5261 LIBRARY RD, BETHEL PARK, PA 15102
3925 NAZARETH PIKE, BETHLEHEM, PA 18017
2610 EASTON AVE, BETHLEHEM, PA 18017
2441 SCHOENERSVILLE RD, BETHLEHEM, PA 18017
442 WYANDOTTE ST, BETHLEHEM, PA 18015
10 RESORT PLZ, BLAIRSVILLE, PA 15717
100 LUNGER DRIVE (WM #1794), BLOOMSBURG, PA 17815
945 NEW BERWICK HWY, BLOOMSBURG, PA 17815
659 CONCHESTER HWY, BOOTHWYN, PA 19061
141 MAIN ST, BRADFORD, PA 16701
123 S BREEZEWOOD RD, BREEZEWOOD, PA 15533
4214 BROWNSVILLE RD, BRENTWOOD, PA 15227
3023 WASHINGTON PIKE, BRIDGEVILLE, PA 15017
75 BRISTOL COMMERCE PARK, BRISTOL, PA 19007
3120 VETERANS HWY, BRISTOL, PA 19007
864 CLARK ST, BROCKWAY, PA 15824
1698 US RTE 209, BRODHEADSVILLE, PA 18322
4206 EDGEMONT AVE, BROOKHAVEN, PA 19015
249 ALLEGHENY BLVD, BROOKVILLE, PA 15825
2601 W CHESTER PIKE, BROOMALL, PA 19008
1257 LANCASTER AVE, BRYN MAWR, PA 19010
1412-B MAIN STREET, BURGETTSTOWN, PA 15021
500 GREATER BUTLER MART, BUTLER, PA 16001
102 CLEARVIEW CIR, BUTLER, PA 16001
680 BUTLER CROSSING, BUTLER, PA 16001
4230 TRINDLE RD, CAMP HILL, PA 17011
1100 CARLISLE RD, CAMP HILL, PA 17011
100 BOBBY VINTON BLVD, CANONSBURG, PA 15317
160 BROOKLYN ST, CARBONDALE, PA 18407-2208
608 E HIGH, CARLISLE, PA 17013
1176 HARRISBURG PIKE, CARLISLE, PA 17013
905 WALNUT BOTTOM RD, CARLISLE, PA 17013
225 MOUNT LEBANON BLVD, CASTLE SHANNON, PA 15234
1 CHRISTY DR, CHADDS FORD, PA 19317
4272 COUNTY LINE RD, CHALFONT, PA 18914
1075 LINCOLN WAY E, CHAMBERSBURG, PA 17201
2891 PHILADELPHIA AVE, CHAMBERSBURG, PA 17201
3347 BLACK GAP RD, CHAMBERSBURG, PA 17201
318 MC KEAN AVE, CHARLEROI, PA 15022
707 MAIN STREET, CLARION, PA 16214-1122
136 PERKINS ROAD, CLARION, PA 16214
1127 NORTHERN BLVD, CLARKS SUMMIT, PA 18411
1007 S 2ND STREET, CLEARFIELD, PA 16830
14659 CLEARFIELD SHAWVILLE HWY, CLEARFIELD, PA 16830
493 W PEN AVE, CLEONA, PA 17042
531 BALTIMORE PIKE, CLIFTON HEIGHTS, PA 19018
1820 E LINCOLN HWY, COATESVILLE, PA 19320
222 E MAIN ST, COLLEGEVILLE, PA 19426
1788 COLUMBIA AVE, COLUMBIA, PA 17512-9508
705 MEMORIAL BLVD, CONNELLSVILLE, PA 15425
209 213 RIDGE PIKE, CONSHOHOCKEN, PA 19428
6690 SHORT DR, COOPERSBURG, PA 18036
1010 4TH AVE, CORAOPOLIS, PA 15108
314 W COLUMBUS, CORRY, PA 16407
104 S MAIN ST, COUDERSPORT, PA 16915
6380 STUEBENVILLE PIKE, CRAFTON, PA 15205
7028 US HWY 322, CRANBERRY, PA 16319
1703 ROUTE 228 CRANBERRY COMMONS, CRANBERRY TOWNSHIP, PA 16066
9090 WILLIAM PENN HWY, CRESSON, PA 16630
132 OLD VALLEY SCHOOL ROAD, DANVILLE, PA 17821
101 S MCDADE BLVD, DARBY, PA 19023
6526 ROUTE 22, DELMONT, PA 15626
1511 SCRANTON CARBONDALE HWY, DICKSON CITY, PA 18508
898 N US HWY 15, DILLSBURG, PA 17019
3612 STATE ROUTE 31, DONEGAL, PA 15628
1188 W BEN FRANKLIN HWY, DOUGLASSVILLE, PA 19518
3141 CARLISLE RD, DOVER, PA 17406
227 E LANCASTER AVE, DOWNINGTOWN, PA 19335
561 N MAIN ST, DOYLESTOWN, PA 18901
1650 LIMEKILN PIKE, DRESHER, PA 19025
5008 TOWNSHIP LINE RD, DREXEL HILL, PA 19026
859 E DUBOIS AVE, DU BOIS, PA 15801
1265 OLD RT 220, DUNCANSVILLE, PA 16635
1201 HARRY P ONEILL, DUNMORE, PA 18512
101 HOFFMAN BLVD, DUQUESNE, PA 15110

107

TELEPHONE
610-649-7255
610-666-0031
724-869-2927
724-775-8085
724-846-9617
724-846-9180
814-624-0789
724-929-8855
724-929-0113
814-474-7225
215-245-1440
215-245-7337
724-239-2668
570-752-2729
610-647-4408
412-835-2642
610-849-2426
610-865-1421
610-997-5724
610-691-2033
724-459-8832
570-389-1183
570-784-3906
610-485-3104
814-362-6232
814-735-4099
412-883-3652
412-221-3759
215-788-0112
215-788-3292
814-265-8546
570-992-5337
610-872-3415
814-849-2600
610-325-0615
610-525-3025
724-947-3147
724-282-3922
724-283-3969
724-283-3257
717-737-3896
717-737-6404
724-746-2716
570-282-9835
717-249-7721
717-243-7774
717-249-0695
412-561-5150
610-459-0996
215-997-2159
717-263-4601
717-263-2970
717-263-7507
724-483-0505
814-226-4072
814-226-5763
570-585-0209
814-765-5985
814-765-4196
717-272-5677
610-622-6100
610-384-2633
610-489-7771
717-684-7048
724-626-1442
610-825-4680
215-804-8160
412-299-1450
814-702-0476
814-274-9111
412-787-0880
814-677-0666
724-741-0024
814-886-4640
570-275-1000
610-532-3999
724-468-5506
570-489-8930
717-432-9500
724-593-5500
610-385-0436
717-767-2594
610-269-1992
215-348-7717
215-628-4850
610-446-7190
814-375-4150
814-695-1805
570-343-6190
412-464-9458

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
MARCIA GRAHAM
MARCIA GRAHAM
ANTHONY J SCARI
DEREK GIACOMANTONIO
CHARLES J MCINTYRE
JAMES C MCINTYRE
SEAN MCINTYRE
JOSEPH D NYANKO
RICHARD DOANE
DEBRA ORLANDO
PATRICIA STELLA
STEPHANIE A RAWDEN
SHIRI N LEVINE
MEGHAN K SWEENEY
SHIRI N LEVINE
SEAN MCINTYRE
STEPHANIE A RAWDEN
WILLIAM F BROWN
KRISTEN M FRASER
THOMAS P DUCHARME, JR.
THOMAS P DUCHARME, JR.
THOMAS P DUCHARME, JR.
THOMAS P DUCHARME, JR.
THOMAS P DUCHARME, JR.
THOMAS P DUCHARME, JR.
DEBRA ORLANDO
DEBRA ORLANDO
DEBRA ORLANDO
JENNIFER A STEWARD
STEVEN M DELAMATER
LAURA P SANDER
LAURA P SANDER
CHRISTINA MUELLER CURRAN
MANISH SHAH
DEREK GIACOMANTONIO
MANISH SHAH
CHRISTIAN H RAWDEN
DANIEL J DELLIGATTI
TANYA R HILL-HOLLIDAY
STEPHEN J ARNOLD
LISA ANN IRACI
ROSARIO IRACI
PAUL M SWEENEY
R DOUGLAS CAPLAN
DEBRA ORLANDO
JOHN SANTONASTASSO, JR
STEVEN M DELAMATER
DANIEL J DELLIGATTI
MICHAEL F DELLIGATTI
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
ARTURO R ALAMO
DANIEL J DELLIGATTI
DANIEL J DELLIGATTI
SHIRI N LEVINE
CHRISTINA MUELLER CURRAN
STEPHANIE A RAWDEN
RICHARD CORBIN
MEGHAN K SWEENEY
LISA ANN IRACI
LISA ANN IRACI
LISA KELLY IRACI
R DOUGLAS CAPLAN
CHRISTIAN H RAWDEN
CHRISTIAN H RAWDEN
CHRISTIAN H RAWDEN
STEPHANIE A RAWDEN
STEPHANIE A RAWDEN
STEPHANIE A RAWDEN
STEPHANIE A RAWDEN
STEPHANIE A RAWDEN
MATTHEW J STEWARD
MATTHEW J STEWARD
CHRISTINE SUAREZ-DIRIENZO
TANYA R HILL-HOLLIDAY
RALPH BIRNEY
RYAN DOANE
MATTHEW POTTER
SCOTT KAVLICK
SCOTT KAVLICK
JOHN SANTONASTASSO, JR
JAMES C MCINTYRE
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
THERESA M SANTORO
DARREN ROBERTS
CHRISTINA MUELLER CURRAN
DEREK GIACOMANTONIO
SHIRI N LEVINE
CHRISTIAN H RAWDEN
JOSEPH D NYANKO

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
689 W GERMANTOWN PIKE, EAST NORRISTOWN, PA 19403-4233
2931 DEKALB PIKE, EAST NORRITON, PA 19401
9 SELLERVILLE DR, EAST STROUDSBURG, PA 18301
350 TOWN CENTER BOULEVARD, EASTON, PA 18040
3708 EASTON NAZARETH HWY, EASTON, PA 18045
201 S 3RD ST, EASTON, PA 18042
2553 NAZARETH RD, EASTON, PA 18042
4374 ADMIRAL PEARY HWY, EBENSBURG, PA 15931
1576 CHESTER PIKE, EDDYSTONE, PA 19022
120 E PLUM ST, EDINBORO, PA 16412
80 S WYOMING AVE, EDWARDSVILLE, PA 18704
1284 S MARKET ST, ELIZABETHTOWN, PA 17022
4660 RT 209, ELIZABETHVILLE, PA 17023
15 5TH ST, ELLWOOD CITY, PA 16117
1 WEST VALLEY AVENUE, ELYSBURG, PA 17824
1101 CHESTNUT ST, EMMAUS, PA 18049
425 N ENOLA ROAD, ENOLA, PA 17025
140 N READING, EPHRATA, PA 17522
854 EMAIN STREET, EPHRATA, PA 17522
909 PENINSULA DR, ERIE, PA 16505
2529 BROAD ST, ERIE, PA 16501
1115 SASSAFRAS ST, ERIE, PA 16501
4316 BUFFALO RD, ERIE, PA 16510
7200 PEACH ST, ERIE, PA 16509
2065 INTERCHANGE RD, ERIE, PA 16509-0015
4319 PEACH ST, ERIE, PA 16509
7855 PERRY HWY, ERIE, PA 16509
2643 WEST 26TH STREET, ERIE, PA 16506
56 ROBINHOOD DR, ETTERS, PA 17319
95 BEDFORD SQUARE PLZ, EVERETT, PA 15537
260 N POTTSTOWN PIKE, EXTON, PA 19341
106 EAGLEVIEW BLVD, EXTON, PA 19341
525 SCRANTON CARBONDALE HWY, EYNON, PA 18403
475 S OXFORD VALLEY RD, FAIRLESS HILLS, PA 19030
334 E STREET RD, FEASTERVILLE, PA 19047
1890 BETHLEHAM PIKE, FLOURTOWN, PA 19031
960 SCHUYLKILL MALL, FRACKVILLE, PA 17931
201 13TH ST, FRANKLIN, PA 16323
84 LANCASTER AVE, FRAZER, PA 19355
5328 LINCON HWY, GAP, PA 17527
1090 YORK RD, GETTYSBURG, PA 17325
517 STEINWEHR AVE, GETTYSBURG, PA 17325
200 WM PLZ, GIBSONIA, PA 15044
1015 E PHILADELPHIA AVE, GILBERTSVILLE, PA 19525
9123 WEST RIDGE RD, GIRARD, PA 16417
971 WILLIAM FLYNN HWY, GLENSHAW, PA 15116-2633
721 BUCHANAN TRL E, GREENCASTLE, PA 17225
6199 ROUTE 30, GREENSBURG, PA 15601
985 E PITTSBURGH ST, GREENSBURG, PA 15601
63 HADLEY RD, GREENVILLE, PA 16125
102 ROBERTS RD, GRINDSTONE, PA 15442-1104
200 W MAIN ST, GROVE CITY, PA 16127
1902 LEESBURG GROVE CITY ROAD, GROVE CITY, PA 16127
3761 PETERS MOUNTAIN RD, HALIFAX, PA 17032
25008 US-11, HALSTEAD, PA 18822
80 WILDERNESS DRIVE, HAMBURG, PA 19526
452 PA-590, HAMLIN, PA 18436
4618 WILLIAM FLYNN HWY, HAMPTON TOWNSHIP, PA 15101
991 CARLISLE ST, HANOVER, PA 17331
350 EISENHOWER DR, HANOVER, PA 17331
1448 BALTIMORE ST, HANOVER, PA 17331
274 W MAIN ST, HARLEYSVILLE, PA 19438
5590 ALLENTOWN BLVD, HARRISBURG, PA 17112
101 S 25TH ST, HARRISBURG, PA 17111
6004 DERRY ST, HARRISBURG, PA 17111
850 EISENHOWER BLVD, HARRISBURG, PA 17111
1043 BRIARSDALE RD, HARRISBURG, PA 17109
4403 N FRONT ST, HARRISBURG, PA 17110
720 DIVISION ST, HARRISBURG, PA 17110
7845 LINGLESTOWN RD, HARRISBURG, PA 17112
4605 JONESTOWN RD, HARRISBURG, PA 17109
6535 GRAYSON RD (WM #1591), HARRISBURG, PA 17111
2929 PAXTON ST, HARRISBURG, PA 17111-1326
121 N YORK RD, HATBORO, PA 19040
1511 BETHLEHEM PIKE, HATFIELD, PA 19440
1232 WESTCHESTER PIKE, HAVERTOWN, PA 19083
603 RT 739, HAWLEY, PA 18428
571 SUSQUEHANNA BLVD, HAZLE TOWNSHIP, PA 18202
1145 N CHURCH STREET, HAZLETON, PA 18202
2100 WASHINGTON PIKE, HEIDELBERG, PA 15106
14 S MAIN ST, HELLERTOWN, PA 18055
145 N HERMITAGE RD, HERMITAGE, PA 16148
2066 E STATE ST, HERMITAGE TWP, PA 16148
2711 MAC DADE BLVD, HOLMES, PA 19043
400 E WATERFRONT DR, HOMESTEAD, PA 15120
1187 TEXAS PALMYRA HIGHWAY, HONESDALE, PA 18431
PA RTE 611 AND PINE AVE, HORSHAM, PA 19044
755 STATE HWY 405, HUGHESVILLE, PA 17737
611 E MAIN ST, HUMMELSTOWN, PA 17036
9564 WILLIAM PENN HIGHWAY, HUNTINGDON, PA 16652

108

TELEPHONE
484-231-8716
610-279-5666
570-223-2270
610-330-9336
610-559-8962
610-258-5752
610-253-8453
814-472-5887
610-874-6188
814-734-4764
570-287-9654
717-367-6471
717-362-8416
724-752-8313
570-672-2890
610-967-3306
717-732-4228
717-733-1660
717-721-6404
814-833-4841
814-455-0728
814-456-9906
814-899-1000
814-866-2416
814-864-1670
814-866-6865
814-866-3596
814-838-4508
717-938-5705
814-623-9618
610-363-1194
610-280-9445
570-876-9932
215-943-5566
215-357-4844
215-233-5998
570-874-4434
814-437-6402
610-993-0135
717-442-4081
717-640-5554
717-640-5552
724-444-7344
610-367-2600
814-774-4849
412-487-7505
717-597-2589
724-837-9913
724-837-1800
724-588-3751
724-785-9140
724-458-5911
724-748-3272
717-896-2535
570-879-4445
610-562-8462
570-689-2042
412-487-4327
717-316-0665
717-316-5166
717-316-0502
215-256-1140
717-652-9123
717-232-0008
717-564-0321
717-939-6972
717-564-9320
717-238-1048
717-236-6226
717-545-8580
717-652-7035
717-561-0445
717-561-8050
215-443-7795
215-997-8944
610-446-5414
570-775-0540
570-455-8315
570-455-9924
412-279-4432
610-838-7578
724-342-7292
724-981-2596
610-461-8988
412-461-1002
570-253-5512
215-443-7745
570-584-3282
717-566-6041
814-643-6831

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
JASON TEAL
JASON TEAL
JASON TEAL
BROOKE L CELASCHI
CHRISTOPHER COTTRELL
CHRISTIAN H RAWDEN
JOHN P COYLE
JOHN P COYLE
JEREMY JAKUBOWSKI
JEREMY JAKUBOWSKI
ROBERT T HUGHES
CHRISTIAN H RAWDEN
DEREK GIACOMANTONIO
DANIEL J DELLIGATTI
THOMAS R RIPPON
STEPHEN J ARNOLD
STEPHANIE ARNOLD-DINGER
WILLIAM F BROWN
CHRISTIAN H RAWDEN
CHRISTIAN H RAWDEN
STEPHANIE A RAWDEN
MICHELLE SUAREZ
MICHELLE SUAREZ
MICHELLE SUAREZ
MICHELLE SUAREZ
R DOUGLAS CAPLAN
R DOUGLAS CAPLAN
TIMOTHY L NELSON
MATTHEW T ALAMO
MATTHEW T ALAMO
STEPHANIE A RAWDEN
STEPHANIE A RAWDEN
STEPHANIE A RAWDEN
DANIEL J DELLIGATTI
STEPHANIE A RAWDEN
JOE PANY
CHRISTIAN H RAWDEN
MICHAEL E CLARK
DONNA PILLA-ABBONIZIO
JASON A RIPPON
SHIRI N LEVINE
ALYSSA D ANGELOVICH
MARCIA GRAHAM
RICHARD DOANE
CHRISTIAN H RAWDEN
LISA ANN IRACI
THOMAS R RIPPON
MATTHEW T ALAMO
ANDREW D SHAFFER
PATRICIA STELLA
JOE PANY
LISA KELLY IRACI
WILLIAM F BROWN
CHRISTIAN H RAWDEN
CHRISTINA MUELLER CURRAN
MICHAEL F DELLIGATTI
DARREN ROBERTS
STEVEN M DELAMATER
THOMAS R RIPPON
SAMUEL NACHO NWAGBO
DARREN ROBERTS
NICHOLAS D DELLIGATTI
NICHOLAS D DELLIGATTI
SHIRI N LEVINE
JENNIFER A STEWARD
JENNIFER A STEWARD
JENNIFER A STEWARD
STEVEN M DELAMATER
MATTHEW T ALAMO
STEPHANIE A RAWDEN
CHRISTINE SUAREZ-DIRIENZO
JASON A RIPPON
SHIRI N LEVINE
JOSEPH D NYANKO
MATTHEW POTTER
JASON A RIPPON
MEGHAN K SWEENEY
ARTURO R ALAMO
MATTHEW T ALAMO
MATTHEW T ALAMO
CHRISTINA MUELLER CURRAN
TONI SANTONASTASSO HOWER
MARCIA GRAHAM
DONNA PILLA-ABBONIZIO
JOHN SANTONASTASSO, JR
MICHAEL F DELLIGATTI
JOSEPH D NYANKO
ALBERT MUELLER
BRIAN J. ALVES SCARI
SHIRI N LEVINE

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
1510 OAKLAND AVE, INDIANA, PA 15701
940 WAYNE AVE, INDIANA, PA 15701
3100 OAKLAND AVE, INDIANA, PA 15701
12118 US RTE 30, IRWIN, PA 15642
2395 YORK RD, JAMISON, PA 18929
859 W BALTIMORE PIKE, JENNERSVILLE, PA 19390
111 PLAZA DR, JOHNSTOWN, PA 15905
219 HAYNES STREET, JOHNSTOWN, PA 15901
1129 SCALP AVE, JOHNSTOWN, PA 15901
530 GALLARIA DR, JOHNSTOWN, PA 15904
22 OLD FORGE RD, JONESTOWN, PA 17038
399 SCARLET RD NEW GARDEN SHOPPING CNTR, KENNETT SQUARE, PA 19348
151 NORTH HENDERSON ROAD, KING OF PRUSSIA, PA 19406
23 FRANKLIN VILLAGE MALL, KITTANNING, PA 16201
5820 NITTANY VALLEY DR, LAMAR, PA 16848
301 WILLOW VALLEY SQUARE, LANCASTER, PA 17602
1434 MANHEIM PIKE, LANCASTER, PA 17601
1755 COLUMBIA AVE, LANCASTER, PA 17603
2090 LINCOLN HIGHWAY EAST, LANCASTER, PA 17602
311 CENTERVILLE RD, LANCASTER, PA 17601
1880 HEMPSTEAD RD, LANCASTER, PA 17601
1829 OREGON PIKE, LANCASTER, PA 17601
575 N FRANKLIN ST, LANCASTER, PA 17602
210 W KING ST, LANCASTER, PA 17601
1295 MILLERSVILLE PIKE, LANCASTER, PA 17603
1551 S VALLEY FORGE RD, LANSDALE, PA 19446
2333 WELSH ROAD, LANSDALE, PA 19446
201 E BALTIMORE AVE, LANSDOWNE, PA 19050
110 MOUNT LAUREL PLZ, LATROBE, PA 15650
2014 LINCOLN AVE, LATROBE, PA 15650
757 E CUMBERLAND ST, LEBANON, PA 17042
1202 W MAPLE ST, LEBANON, PA 17046
1725 QUENTIN RD, LEBANON, PA 17042
481 HYDE PARK ROAD, LEECHBURG, PA 15656
5500 POTTSVILLE PIKE, LEESPORT, PA 19533
1257 BLAKESLEE BLVD, LEHIGHTON, PA 18235
1 LEMOYNE DR, LEMOYNE, PA 17043
US RTE 13 & HAINES RD, LEVITTOWN, PA 19055
6606 NEW FALLS RD, LEVITTOWN, PA 19056
7379 WESTBRANCH HWY, LEWISBURG, PA 17837
121 ELECTRIC AVE, LEWISTOWN, PA 17044
1123 WEST BALTIMORE PIKE, LIMA, PA 19063
32 RIDGE PIKE, LIMERICK, PA 19468
2326 MARKET ST, LINWOOD, PA 19061
990 LITITZ PIKE, LITITZ, PA 17543
430 N QUEEN ST, LITTLESTOWN, PA 17340
423 BELLEFONTE AVE, LOCK HAVEN, PA 17745
115 LOGANS FERRY RD, LOWER BURRELL, PA 15068
2741 LEECHBURG RD, LOWER BURRELL, PA 15068
500 UNION STREET LUZERNE, LUZERNE, PA 18709
6479 VILLAGE LN, MACUNGIE, PA 18062
4245 N GEORGE ST EXTD, MANCHESTER, PA 17345
711 LANCASTER RD, MANHEIM, PA 17545
2000 STRICKLER RD, MANHEIM, PA 17545
120 N MAIN ST, MANSFIELD, PA 16933
19055 PERRY HIGHWAY (RTE 19), MARS, PA 16046
3723 WASHINGTON RD, MC MURRAY, PA 15317
708 LINCOLN WAY E, MCCONNELLSBURG, PA 17233
24 MCDONALD'S LANE, MCELHATTAN, PA 17748
600 PINE HOLLOW RD, MCKEES ROCKS, PA 15136
4235 WALNUT ST, MCKEESPORT, PA 15132
1060 PARK AVE, MEADVILLE, PA 16335
16830 CONNEAUT LAKE RD, MEADVILLE, PA 16335
2112 BUMBLE BEE HOLLOW ROAD, MECHANICSBURG, PA 17055
1014 WESLEY DR, MECHANICSBURG, PA 17055
1 SHADOW OAK DR, MECHANICSBURG, PA 17055
5550 CARLISLE PIKE, MECHANICSBURG, PA 17050
11924 BUCHANAN TRL W, MERCERSBURG, PA 17236
7276 MASON DIXON HIGHWAY, MEYERSDALE, PA 15552
2270 W HARRISBURG PIKE, MIDDLETOWN, PA 17057
3555 VINE STREET, MIDDLETOWN, PA 17057
25 E CHESTNUT ST, MIFFLINBURG, PA 17844
2 PARKSIDE CT, MIFFLINTOWN, PA 17059
802 N EAGLE VALLEY RD, MILESBURG, PA 16853
209 US HWY 6, MILFORD, PA 18337
35 BOUND AVE, MILTON, PA 17847
3946 BROADHEAD RD, MONACA, PA 15061
301 W MAIN ST, MONONGAHELA, PA 15063
3760 WILLIAM PENN HWY, MONROEVILLE, PA 15146
4317 NORTHERN PIKE, MONROEVILLE, PA 15146
494 GROW AVE, MONTROSE, PA 18801
2805 GRACY CENTER WAY, MOON TOWNSHIP, PA 15108
6176 MORGANTOWN RD, MORGANTOWN, PA 19543
321 W TRENTON AVE, MORRISVILLE, PA 19067
630 BROWNSVILLE RD, MOUNT OLIVER, PA 15210
140 COUNTRYSIDE PLAZA, MOUNT PLEASANT, PA 15666
121 EAST SHIRLEY STREET, MOUNT UNION, PA 17066
249 S MOUNTAIN BLVD, MOUNTAIN TOP, PA 18707
3236 PA-940, MT POCONO, PA 18344
298 LYCOMING MALL, MUNCY, PA 17756

109

TELEPHONE
724-465-8570
724-349-4020
724-465-7848
724-863-7560
215-491-5720
610-345-1566
814-255-3073
814-535-6615
814-266-6360
814-266-7757
717-865-7500
610-444-3193
610-491-8960
724-543-6542
570-726-4128
717-464-5119
717-394-3417
717-397-5112
717-394-8957
717-393-9523
717-509-6988
717-569-7898
717-394-7938
717-299-6699
717-293-5706
215-362-9223
215-393-8199
610-284-1352
724-539-9055
724-532-4114
717-273-9023
717-273-8691
717-306-6565
724-845-2035
610-916-1928
570-386-4469
717-761-7992
215-943-7004
215-946-6095
570-524-7022
717-248-4447
610-565-1560
610-409-6470
610-859-8362
717-627-4666
717-345-2623
570-748-7194
724-335-5199
724-335-2113
570-288-1526
610-965-9686
717-384-5004
717-664-4944
717-492-0299
570-662-7077
724-776-6590
724-941-1155
717-485-3349
570-769-7623
412-771-9570
412-872-5100
814-724-2207
814-724-1981
717-697-5383
717-761-7525
717-697-3460
717-766-9675
717-328-0111
814-634-0010
717-944-9535
717-902-1130
570-966-3337
717-436-9779
814-353-9288
570-491-2023
570-742-4420
724-774-7184
724-258-7688
412-856-0264
412-372-0360
570-278-9444
412-262-5755
610-286-0220
215-295-6966
412-431-2266
724-547-9121
814-542-9206
570-474-9412
570-839-3290
570-546-5485

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
MATTHEW T ALAMO
STEPHANIE A RAWDEN
DANIEL J DELLIGATTI
ANDREW KELLEY
CHRISTOPHER KAVLICK
MEGHAN K SWEENEY
MEGHAN K SWEENEY
PAUL M SWEENEY
JENNIFER A STEWARD
CHRISTIAN H RAWDEN
RON GENTILE
CHRISTINA MUELLER CURRAN
LISA KELLY IRACI
MICHAEL F DELLIGATTI
SHIRI N LEVINE
MARCIA GRAHAM
DEBRA ORLANDO
MICHAEL F DELLIGATTI
RALPH BIRNEY
R DOUGLAS CAPLAN
TWILA MEZAN
DANIEL J DELLIGATTI
CHRISTINA MUELLER CURRAN
STEPHANIE A RAWDEN
CHRISTIAN H RAWDEN
TANYA R HILL-HOLLIDAY
MICHAEL CASSIDY
GRANT SKYLLAS
R DOUGLAS CAPLAN
RALPH BIRNEY
VINAY SHAH
CHRISTOPHER COTTRELL
CHRISTOPHER COTTRELL
CHRISTOPHER COTTRELL
CHRISTOPHER COTTRELL
RUPINDER SINGH
RUPINDER SINGH
RUPINDER SINGH
RUPINDER SINGH
DANIELLE A DAWKINS-ALSTON
DANIELLE A DAWKINS-ALSTON
DANIELLE A DAWKINS-ALSTON
DANIELLE A DAWKINS-ALSTON
DANIELLE A DAWKINS-ALSTON
DANIELLE A DAWKINS-ALSTON
DANIELLE A DAWKINS-ALSTON
RICHARD DOANE
DEREK GIACOMANTONIO
TANYA R HILL-HOLLIDAY
TANYA R HILL-HOLLIDAY
TANYA R HILL-HOLLIDAY
MANISH SHAH
MANISH SHAH
MANISH SHAH
GRANT SKYLLAS
GRANT SKYLLAS
GRANT SKYLLAS
GRANT SKYLLAS
GRANT SKYLLAS
GRANT SKYLLAS
GRANT SKYLLAS
KENNETH YOUNGBLOOD
KENNETH YOUNGBLOOD
KENNETH YOUNGBLOOD
KENNETH YOUNGBLOOD
JOHN P COYLE
MARCIA GRAHAM
ROBERT T HUGHES
RON GENTILE
MICHAEL CASSIDY
MICHAEL F DELLIGATTI
MICHAEL F DELLIGATTI
JOHN SANTONASTASSO, JR
JOHN SANTONASTASSO, JR
JOHN SANTONASTASSO, JR
JOHN SANTONASTASSO, JR
JOHN SANTONASTASSO, JR
JOHN SANTONASTASSO, JR
JOHN SANTONASTASSO, JR
JOHN SANTONASTASSO, JR
JOHN SANTONASTASSO, JR
JOHN SANTONASTASSO, JR
JOHN SANTONASTASSO, JR
TWILA MEZAN
TWILA MEZAN
RICHARD CORBIN
PATRICIA STELLA
JOHN SANTONASTASSO, JR
ANDREW D SHAFFER
JOSEPH D NYANKO

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
3820 WM PENN HWY, MURRYSVILLE, PA 15668
295 W LINCOLN, MYERSTOWN, PA 17067
2001 FREEPORT RD, NATRONA HEIGHTS, PA 15065
435 W 3RD ST, NESCOPECK, PA 18635
180 MARKET ST, NESQUEHONING, PA 18240
2509 ELWOOD RD, NEW CASTLE, PA 16101
2537 WEST STATE ST, NEW CASTLE, PA 16101
2424 WILMINGTON RD, NEW CASTLE, PA 16105
101 LIMEKILN RD, NEW CUMBERLAND, PA 17070
828 W MAIN ST, NEW HOLLAND, PA 17557
324 W BRIDGE ST, NEW HOPE, PA 18938
1550 OLIVER RD, NEW MILFORD, PA 18834
6040 YORK RD, NEW OXFORD, PA 17350
9 BYERS RTS 119, NEW STANTON, PA 15672
16 NEWPORT PLAZA, NEWPORT, PA 17074
223 W MAIN ST, NORRISTOWN, PA 19401
12185 E MAIN RD, NORTH EAST, PA 16428
9061 US HWY 30, NORTH HUNTINGDON, PA 15642
1470 BETHLEHEM PIKE, NORTH WALES, PA 19454
1200 WELSH RD, NORTH WALES, PA 19454
300 MARKET PLACE DR, OAKDALE, PA 15071
5 ELM ST, OIL CITY, PA 16301
411 S MAIN ST, OLD FORGE, PA 18518
400 COMMONS DRIVED, OXFORD, PA 19363
901 E MAIN ST, PALMYRA, PA 17078
900 COMMONS DRIVE, PARKESBURG, PA 19365
7277 SALTSBURG RD, PENN HILLS, PA 15235
749 E LINCOLN HWY, PENNDEL, PA 19047
502 POTTSTOWN AVE, PENNSBURG, PA 18073
503 CONSTITUTION AVE, PERKASIE, PA 18944
7901 OXFORD AVE, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19111
6470 TORRESDALE AVENUE, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19135
2ND LEHIGH AVE, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19133
2901 GRAYS FERRY AVE, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19146
4200 N BROAD ST, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19140
1601 CHRISTOPHER COLUMBUS BLVD, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19148
1675 S CHRISTOPHER COLUMBUS BLVD (WM #2141), PHILADELPHIA, PA 19148
5945 WOODLAND AVE, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19143
7700 ISLAND AVE, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19153
2109 N BROAD ST, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19122
3137 N BROAD ST, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19132
3100 W ALLEGHENY AVE, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19132
22 W GIRARD AVE, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19123
2101 W LEHIGH, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19132
5601 VINE ST, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19139
1575 N 52ND STREET, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19131
3935 WALNUT STREET, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19104
8901 FRANKFORD AVE, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19136
2400 W OREGON AVE, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19145
7500 CITY AVENUE, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19151
5020 CITY LINE AVE, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19131
7613 CASTOR AVENUE, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19152
2801 COTTMAN AVE, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19149-1420
501 FRANKLIN MILL CIR, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19154
9970 BUSTLETON AVE, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19115
710 ADAMS AVE, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19124
8500 HENRY AVE, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19128
3725 ARAMINGO AVE, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19137
120 W OREGON, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19148
101 SOUTH 52ND ST, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19139
29 E CHELTEN AVE, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19144
7911-17 OGONTZ AVE, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19150
1801 TORRESDALE AVE, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19124
2211 STENTON AVE, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19141
4163 WHITAKER AVE, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19124
US ROUTE 322 WEST, PHILIPSBURG, PA 16866
651 NUT RD, PHOENIXVILLE, PA 19460
427 SUEBERG ROAD, PINE GROVE, PA 17963
5857 EASTON ROAD, PIPERSVILLE, PA 18947
11591 FRANKSTOWN RD, PITTSBURGH, PA 15235
2925 FREEPORT RD, PITTSBURGH, PA 15238
907 FREEPORT ROAD, PITTSBURGH, PA 15238
4849 MCKNIGHT RD, PITTSBURGH, PA 15237
3708 FORBES AVE, PITTSBURGH, PA 15213
7702 MC KNIGHT RD, PITTSBURGH, PA 15237
148 NORTH EUCLID AVENUE, PITTSBURGH, PA 15206
1 POPLAR ST, PITTSBURGH, PA 15205
4557 OHIO RIVER BLVD, PITTSBURGH, PA 15202
801 ALLEGHENY AVE, PITTSBURGH, PA 15233
82 FORT COUCH RD, PITTSBURGH, PA 15241
6361 PENN AVE, PITTSBURGH, PA 15206
363 PERRY HWY, PITTSBURGH, PA 15229
100 DAVIS BLVD, PITTSBURGH, PA 15275-1219
2518 W LIBERTY RD, PITTSBURGH, PA 15226
PITTSBURGH AIRPORT - PIT MAIN TERM, PITTSBURGH, PA 15231
306 RT 315, PITTSTON, PA 18640
674 N RIVER ST, PLAINS, PA 18705
549 CLAIRTON BLVD, PLEASANT HILLS, PA 15122
1865 NEW TEXAS RD, PLUM, PA 15239-2528
3592 PORTAGE ST, PORTAGE, PA 15946

110

TELEPHONE
724-325-4188
717-866-2278
724-224-4866
570-752-4333
570-669-9322
724-652-1466
724-657-9982
724-652-6554
717-774-1027
717-661-3947
215-862-5061
570-465-4020
717-353-8996
724-925-3040
717-567-9344
610-272-3809
814-725-8241
724-863-9837
215-591-9372
215-361-8464
724-218-1798
814-676-5511
570-457-9900
610-998-9270
717-838-6815
610-857-2874
412-793-6320
215-757-5888
215-679-4744
215-453-3681
215-725-8650
215-333-8180
215-423-1144
215-462-6750
267-323-2401
215-334-3410
215-468-6770
215-729-7622
215-365-1920
215-765-2520
215-228-8336
215-221-1035
215-425-1200
215-225-6489
215-476-4772
215-477-4689
610-477-0621
215-332-8007
215-336-5875
215-878-8520
215-879-8950
215-725-8651
215-332-6683
215-281-9836
267-343-3348
215-743-9427
215-487-0541
215-288-1199
267-541-2117
215-748-6800
215-438-1244
215-424-8810
215-533-4607
215-927-5046
215-423-6180
814-342-6074
610-933-2626
570-345-6400
215-766-4860
412-243-0325
412-828-9801
412-799-0121
412-364-4773
412-687-3747
412-364-1138
412-362-7479
412-921-3132
412-734-2580
412-322-6660
412-854-2230
412-362-9026
412-931-1511
412-788-1188
412-668-0311
412-472-3072
570-655-8930
570-822-4206
412-653-6012
724-325-1650
814-736-9607

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
MEGHAN K SWEENEY
MARCIA GRAHAM
MARCIA GRAHAM
STEPHANIE A RAWDEN
THERESA M SANTORO
MEGHAN K SWEENEY
JAMES C MCINTYRE
JAMES C MCINTYRE
CHRISTIAN H RAWDEN
CHRISTIAN H RAWDEN
GEORGE SKYLLAS
GRANT SKYLLAS
HOPE HOOVER-ARMSTEAD
HOPE HOOVER-ARMSTEAD
DONNA PILLA-ABBONIZIO
JOSEPH D NYANKO
MICHAEL GRAHAM
GEORGE SKYLLAS
JOHN P COYLE
HAROLD T CLARK, III
JOE PANY
STEPHANIE A RAWDEN
ALBERT MUELLER
CHRISTINA MUELLER CURRAN
CHRISTINA MUELLER CURRAN
SHIRI N LEVINE
THOMAS R RIPPON
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
ROBERT T HUGHES
CHRISTINA MUELLER CURRAN
HOPE HOOVER-ARMSTEAD
SHIRI N LEVINE
LISA ANN IRACI
ROBERT T HUGHES
NICHOLAS D DELLIGATTI
ARTURO R ALAMO
MATTHEW T ALAMO
RALPH BIRNEY
MICHAEL F DELLIGATTI
ANDREW KELLEY
DEREK GIACOMANTONIO
JOHN SANTONASTASSO, JR
JOSEPH D NYANKO
JOSEPH D NYANKO
JOSEPH D NYANKO
BRIAN J. ALVES SCARI
BRIAN J. ALVES SCARI
ANDREW KELLEY
ROBERT T HUGHES
GRANT SKYLLAS
MARCIA GRAHAM
DEBRA ORLANDO
CHRISTINA MUELLER CURRAN
CHRISTOPHER COTTRELL
R DOUGLAS CAPLAN
CHRISTINA MUELLER CURRAN
CHRISTINA MUELLER CURRAN
DEBRA ORLANDO
ARTURO R ALAMO
ARTURO R ALAMO
MATTHEW T ALAMO
RICHARD DOANE
RICHARD DOANE
MATTHEW T ALAMO
JOE PANY
THOMAS P DUCHARME, JR.
RON GENTILE
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
STEVEN M DELAMATER
KATHLEEN A SANTONASTASSO
JOHN SANTONASTASSO, JR
CHRISTINA MUELLER CURRAN
ALYSSA D ANGELOVICH
ALYSSA D ANGELOVICH
GRANT SKYLLAS
JOHN SANTONASTASSO, JR
JOHN SANTONASTASSO, JR
PATRICIA STELLA
JOE PANY
JOE PANY
CHRISTOPHER KAVLICK
CHRISTINA MUELLER CURRAN
PATRICIA STELLA
PATRICIA STELLA
JOHN SANTONASTASSO, JR
ANDREW KELLEY
ANDREW KELLEY

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
2012 NEW CASTLE ROAD, PORTERSVILLE, PA 16051
1428 E HIGH ST, POTTSTOWN, PA 19464
189 SHOEMAKER RD, POTTSTOWN, PA 19464
720 N CLAUDE A LORD BLVD, POTTSVILLE, PA 17901
800 CHESTER PIKE, PROSPECT PARK, PA 19076
102 N FINDLEY ST, PUNXSUTAWNEY, PA 15767
2 N WESTEND BLVD, QUAKERTOWN, PA 18951
1900 JOHN FRIES HIGHWAY, QUAKERTOWN, PA 18951
400 LANCASTER AVE, READING, PA 19602
1001 N 9TH STREET, READING, PA 19604
5370 PERKIOMEN AVE, READING, PA 19606
430 ELIZABETH AVE, READING, PA 19605
897 W BROADWAY ST, RED LION, PA 17356
655 LOMBARD ST, RED LION, PA 17356
950 2ND STR PIKE, RICHBORO, PA 18954
908 E MAIN ST, ROARING SPRING, PA 16672
308 N LEWIS RD, ROYERSFORD, PA 19468
2730 PERKIOMEN AVE, SAINT LAWRENCE, PA 19606
825 SOUTH ST MARYS STREET, SAINT MARYS, PA 15857
461 N KEYSTONE AVENUE, SAYRE, PA 18840
5060 STATE HWY 873, SCHNECKSVILLE, PA 18078
981 E MAIN ST, SCHUYLKILL HAVEN, PA 17972
900 S WASHINGTON AVE, SCRANTON, PA 18519
1739 N KEYSER AVE, SCRANTON, PA 18508
1236 WYOMING AVE, SCRANTON, PA 18509
8488 PA-61, SHAMOKIN, PA 17866
2584 N SUSQUEHANNA TRAIL, SHAMOKIN DAM, PA 17876
67 W STATE ST, SHARON, PA 16146-1301
3700 MOUNTAIN RD, SHARTLESVILLE, PA 19526
1950 N MEMORIAL HIGHWAY, SHAVERTOWN, PA 18708
2125 YORK CROSSING DR, SHILOH, PA 17404
333 E KING ST, SHIPPENSBURG, PA 17257
534 SHREWSBURY COMMONS AVE, SHREWSBURY, PA 17361-1612
3710 PENN AVE, SINKING SPRING, PA 19608
328 S MAIN ST, SLIPPERY ROCK, PA 16057-1249
937 N CENTER ST, SOMERSET, PA 15501
1758 N CENTER AVE, SOMERSET, PA 15501
727 RT 113, SOUDERTON, PA 18964
1207 S MAIN ST, SOUTH GREENSBURG, PA 15601
180 MONTGOMERY RD, SOUTH WILLIAMSPORT, PA 17702
338 2ND ST PIKE, SOUTHAMPTON, PA 18966
3085 PITTSBURGH RD, STAR JUNCTION, PA 15482
2167 S ATHERTON ST, STATE COLLEGE, PA 16801
2821 E COLLEGE AVE, STATE COLLEGE, PA 16801
1615 N ATHERTON ST, STATE COLLEGE, PA 16803
330 MAIN ST, STROUDSBURG, PA 18360
1171 N 9TH ST, STROUDSBURG, PA 18360
1183 N 4TH ST, SUNBURY, PA 17801
3 LINCOLN DR, TAMAQUA, PA 18252
5372 ALLENTOWN PIKE, TEMPLE, PA 19560
3808 E LINCOLN HWY, THORNDALE, PA 19372
420 S FRANKLIN ST, TITUSVILLE, PA 16354
624 GOLDEN MILE RD, TOWANDA, PA 18848
3560 HORIZON BOULEVARD, TREVOSE, PA 19053-4946
6896 HAMILTON BLVD, TREXLERTOWN, PA 18087
491 ELMIRA ST, TROY, PA 16947
161 W TIOGA ST, TUNKHANNOCK, PA 18657
61 N MAIN ST, UNION CITY, PA 16438
421 W MAIN ST, UNIONTOWN, PA 15401-2652
575 MORGANTOWN STREET, UNIONTOWN, PA 15401
1 WORK PKWY, UNIONTOWN, PA 15401
133 S 69TH ST, UPPER DARBY, PA 19082
1891 S STATE RD, UPPER DARBY, PA 19082
70 ALLEGHENY RIVER BLVD, VERONA, PA 15147
473 MAIN ST, WALNUTPORT, PA 18088
75 MARKET ST, WARREN, PA 16365
250 METRO DRIVE, WARRINGTON, PA 18976
235 MEADOWLANDS BLVD, WASHINGTON, PA 15301
1294 W CHESTNUT ST, WASHINGTON, PA 15301
999 JEFFERSON AVE, WASHINGTON, PA 15301
1001 TRINITY CIRCLE, WASHINGTON, PA 15301
302 E MAIN ST, WAYNESBORO, PA 17268
5 SUGAR RUN RD, WAYNESBURG, PA 15370
273 EAST ROY FURMAN PARKWAY, WAYNESBURG, PA 15370
12 CHARLESTON ST, WELLSBORO, PA 16901
927 S HIGH ST, WEST CHESTER, PA 19380
701 E GAY ST, WEST CHESTER, PA 19380
114 MOOREHEAD AVE, WEST CONSHOHOCKEN, PA 19428
2090 LEBANON CHURCH RD, WEST MIFFLIN, PA 15122
10529 PERRY HWY, WEXFORD, PA 15090
547 PA-940, WHITE HAVEN, PA 18661
2137 MC ARTHUR RD, WHITEHALL, PA 18052
2998 MACARTHUR ROAD, WHITEHALL, PA 18052
900 WILKES BARRE TOWNSHIP BLVD, WILKES BARRE, PA 18702
746 SAN SOUCI HWY, WILKES BARRE, PA 18702
150 EAST HAMPTON, WILKES BARRE, PA 18701
744 KIDDER ST, WILKES BARRE, PA 18702
430 PENN AVE, WILKINSBURG, PA 15221
1730 E 3RD ST, WILLIAMSPORT, PA 17701
1940 LYCOMING CREEK RD, WILLIAMSPORT, PA 17701

111

TELEPHONE
724-368-8085
610-326-7694
610-326-7683
570-429-2070
610-586-6630
814-938-5277
215-536-2622
215-536-5752
610-374-3095
610-372-0465
610-582-5556
610-921-8681
717-246-1802
717-246-7801
215-364-3020
814-224-5002
610-948-9471
610-779-9929
814-834-1612
570-888-0291
610-799-0531
570-385-5655
570-207-3355
570-961-0757
570-207-9130
570-644-1338
570-743-2240
724-981-0109
610-488-7375
570-674-5353
717-767-1381
717-532-7945
717-746-7471
610-670-9100
724-794-3235
814-444-0059
814-443-0530
215-723-0193
724-837-4296
570-326-1355
215-355-5696
724-736-0244
814-231-6644
814-231-7755
814-231-8800
570-426-1690
570-421-0355
000-000-0000
570-668-1891
610-939-2381
610-269-9618
814-827-3542
570-265-2220
215-355-0255
610-398-2218
570-297-5009
570-836-5307
814-438-2118
724-438-9226
724-438-0285
724-439-0771
610-352-3148
610-449-7025
412-826-1957
610-767-1490
814-726-3190
215-343-2900
724-745-1603
724-222-1250
724-225-5211
724-222-9115
717-762-9201
724-627-5700
724-627-0616
570-724-2151
610-692-7342
610-431-2536
610-825-8955
412-653-5561
724-935-6040
570-443-7370
610-437-6929
610-437-7817
570-829-4582
570-829-9846
570-822-4090
570-829-0321
412-243-2211
570-323-4880
570-323-5006

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
CHARLES J MCINTYRE
JOHN P COYLE
ROBERT T HUGHES
RICHARD DOANE
CHRISTINA MUELLER CURRAN
STEPHANIE A RAWDEN
GRANT SKYLLAS
HOPE HOOVER-ARMSTEAD
CHRISTIAN H RAWDEN
STEPHANIE A RAWDEN
STEPHANIE A RAWDEN
GRANT SKYLLAS
CHRISTINE SUAREZ-DIRIENZO
JOSEPH NAPOLI
PAUL FARREN
JOSEPH SPADEA
STEPHEN M WALACH
JOSEPH NAPOLI
JOSEPH NAPOLI
JOSEPH SPADEA
PHILIP LIGGETT
ROGER CURTIS
JOSEPH NAPOLI
PHILIP LIGGETT
PHILIP LIGGETT
JOSEPH NAPOLI
PAUL FARREN
PAUL FARREN
PHILIP LIGGETT
ROGER CURTIS
JOSEPH NAPOLI
JOSEPH NAPOLI
JOSEPH NAPOLI
JOSEPH NAPOLI
JOSEPH SPADEA
JOSEPH SPADEA
STEPHEN M WALACH
PAUL FARREN
PAUL FARREN
PAUL FARREN
PAUL FARREN
JOSEPH SPADEA
PAUL FARREN
JOSEPH SPADEA
PAUL FARREN
ANGELA HARRELSON
THOMAS POWERS
THOMAS POWERS
THOMAS POWERS
MIKESH A PATEL
MIKESH A PATEL
MIKESH A PATEL
MIKESH A PATEL
NIELESH A PATEL
NIELESH A PATEL
ROBERT C VALDES
KRIS HARNISH
JOHN PALMACCIO
JOHN PALMACCIO
BRAD M VALDES
JOHN PALMACCIO
JAMES RYAN BOOTH
JOHN PALMACCIO
MIKESH A PATEL
ADRIAN T SMITH
GEORGE M SENSOR
CARI R SEPULVEDA
CARI R SEPULVEDA
JOHN PALMACCIO
JOHN PALMACCIO
GEORGE M SENSOR
JEFFREY WATSON
JAMES BOOTH
GEORGE M SENSOR
GEORGE M SENSOR
ROBERT C VALDES
BRAD M VALDES
SARAH B STAFFORD
SARAH B STAFFORD
JAMES BOOTH
JAMES BOOTH
JAMES BOOTH
JAMES RYAN BOOTH
FREDA D THORNTON
ADRIAN T SMITH
JAMES R MASON JR.
JASON W SAYLOR
NIELESH A PATEL
JAMES R MASON JR.
JAMES R MASON JR.

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
1036 S BROADWAY, WIND GAP, PA 18091
298 21ST ST, WINDBER, PA 15963
3400 CONRAD WEISER PKY, WOMELSDORF, PA 19567
1253 MCDADE BLVD, WOODLYN, PA 19094
913 WYOMING AVE, WYOMING, PA 18644
800 HILL AVE, WYOMISSING, PA 19610
2725 N MERIDIAN BLVD, WYOMISSING, PA 19610
2061 SOUTH QUEEN STREET, YORK, PA 17403-4806
4015 E MARKET ST, YORK, PA 17402
380 MEMORY LN, YORK, PA 17402
133 LEADER HEIGHTS ROAD, YORK, PA 17403
142 S GEORGE ST, YORK, PA 17401
60 ARSENAL RD, YORK, PA 17405
1100 TIOGUE AVE, COVENTRY, RI 02816
1820 PLAINFIELD PIKE, CRANSTON, RI 02921
923 CRANSTON ST, CRANSTON, RI 02910
1099 RESERVIOR AVE, CRANSTON, RI 02910
100 MENDON RD, CUMBERLAND, RI 02864
1754 MENDON RD, CUMBERLAND, RI 02864
1000 DIVISION ST, EAST GREENWICH, RI 02818
2500 NEW LONDON TURNPIKE, EAST GREENWICH, RI 02818
721 TAUNTON AVE, EAST PROVIDENCE, RI 02914
72 NEWPORT AVE, EAST PROVIDENCE, RI 02916
445 PUTNAM PIKE, GREENVILLE, RI 02828
1377 ATWOOD AVE, JOHNSTON, RI 02919
622 GEORGE WASHINGTON HWY, LINCOLN, RI 02865
1425 W MAIN RD, MIDDLETOWN, RI 02842
288 E MAIN RD, MIDDLETOWN, RI 02842
1920 MINERAL SPRING AVE, NORTH PROVIDENCE, RI 02904
12 EDDIE DOWLING HWY, NORTH SMITHFIELD, RI 02896
285 ARMISTICE BLVD, PAWTUCKET, RI 02861
255 MINERAL SPRINGS AVE, PAWTUCKET, RI 02861
736 BRANCH AVE, PROVIDENCE, RI 02904
343 BROAD ST, PROVIDENCE, RI 02907
1481 BROAD ST, PROVIDENCE, RI 02905
50 PLAINFIELD ST, PROVIDENCE, RI 02909
649 N MAIN ST, PROVIDENCE, RI 02904
149 OLD TOWER HILL RD, WAKEFIELD, RI 02879
636 METACOM AVE, WARREN, RI 02885
770 POST RD, WARWICK, RI 02888
2390 WARWICK AVE, WARWICK, RI 02889
876 BALD HILL RD, WARWICK, RI 02886
135 GRANITE ST, WESTERLY, RI 02891
1900 DIAMOND HILL RD, WOONSOCKET, RI 02895
14 KINGSTON ROAD, WYOMING, RI 02898
102 W FRONTAGE RD, AIKEN, SC 29803
1902 A WHISKEY RD, AIKEN, SC 29803
1157 YORK STREET, AIKEN, SC 29801
3604 RICHLAND AVE, AIKEN, SC 29801
3024 N MAIN STREET, ANDERSON, SC 29625
331 SC HWY 28 BYP, ANDERSON, SC 29624
1651 EAST GREENVILLE STREET, ANDERSON, SC 29621
1470 PEARMAN DAIRY ROAD, ANDERSON, SC 29625
4542 HWY 81 N, ANDERSON, SC 29621
101 ELECTRIC CITY BOULEVARD, ANDERSON, SC 29621
411 US HIGHWAY 521, ANDREWS, SC 29510-5480
2595 HWY 501, AYNOR, SC 29511
3668 E RAILROAD AVE, BAMBERG, SC 29003
1112 DUNBARTON RD, BARNWELL, SC 29812
210 W COLUMBIA AVE, BATESBURG, SC 29006
2424 BOUNDRY ST, BEAUFORT, SC 29902
177 SEA ISLAND PKY, BEAUFORT, SC 29907
1721 SAND BAR FERRY RD, BEECH ISLAND, SC 29842
428 S MAIN ST, BELTON, SC 29627
108 HWY 15-401 BYPASS W, BENNETTSVILLE, SC 29512
1101 SUMTER HWY, BISHOPVILLE, SC 29010
1018 N MOUNTAIN ST, BLACKSBURG, SC 29702
116 PRIESTER ROAD, BLACKSBURG, SC 29702
1370 FORD ISLAND ROAD, BLUFFTON, SC 29910
14 DISCOVERY DRIVE, BLUFFTON, SC 29910
250 BLYTHEWOOD RD, BLYTHEWOOD, SC 29016
3716 BOILING SPRINGS ROAD, BOILING SPRINGS, SC 29316
2064 HOMESTEAD RD, BOWMAN, SC 29018
215 DEKALB AVE, CAMDEN, SC 29020
204 WALL ST, CAMDEN, SC 29020
2929 CHARLESTON HWY, CAYCE, SC 29033
659 COLUMBIA AVE, CHAPIN, SC 29036
3951 W ASHLEY CIR (WM #1748), CHARLESTON, SC 29414-9156
333 FOLLY ROAD, CHARLESTON, SC 29412
230 SPRING ST, CHARLESTON, SC 29403-5102
2500 ASHLEY PHOSPHATE RD, CHARLESTON, SC 29418
2050 SAVANNAH HWY, CHARLESTON, SC 29407
2007 MAGWOOD RD, CHARLESTON, SC 29414
1201 SAM RITTENBERG BLVD, CHARLESTON, SC 29407
500 CHESTERFIELD HWY, CHERAW, SC 29520
750 S ALABAMA AVE, CHESNEE, SC 29323
1600 JA COCHRAN BY PASS, CHESTER, SC 29706
1065 TIGER BLVD, CLEMSON, SC 29631
101 S BROAD ST, CLINTON, SC 29325
12774 HWY 56 NORTH, CLINTON, SC 29325

112

TELEPHONE
610-863-9800
814-467-1646
610-589-4806
610-833-5760
570-693-9947
610-372-2298
610-736-3565
717-845-9360
717-757-9655
717-757-2912
717-747-9191
717-846-1021
717-699-4600
401-828-0492
401-943-1548
401-946-5550
401-642-1329
401-725-9077
401-334-3177
401-884-4340
401-821-4900
401-434-0557
401-434-8372
401-231-3545
401-942-6622
401-333-0850
401-846-8458
401-847-0198
401-353-7395
401-769-2624
401-726-9564
401-726-5670
401-273-7260
401-421-5104
401-941-7250
401-563-8317
401-274-9341
401-783-5393
401-245-5049
401-781-6737
401-732-4138
401-828-0920
401-596-9086
401-765-1176
401-539-1115
803-642-9222
803-648-2518
803-649-1207
803-648-6394
864-226-9874
864-226-4377
864-375-9564
864-222-7252
864-231-8185
864-226-8532
843-264-9307
843-358-1920
000-000-0000
803-259-2144
803-532-0770
843-524-5185
843-522-9824
803-302-9100
864-338-8777
843-479-8399
803-428-6059
864-839-9000
864-839-0054
843-837-8025
843-815-5700
803-735-1112
864-599-1427
803-829-4414
803-432-3300
803-432-9808
803-796-1995
803-345-9715
843-852-9615
843-795-7720
843-577-2507
843-797-1180
843-556-1163
843-763-7005
843-571-2070
843-537-4090
864-461-5300
803-377-8900
864-654-3498
864-833-4816
864-833-7214

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
FELICIA F HAAG
TERUKO LANGLEY
TERUKO LANGLEY
TERUKO LANGLEY
TERUKO LANGLEY
WILLIS LANGLEY, III
WILLIS LANGLEY, III
WILLIS LANGLEY, III
WILLIS LANGLEY, III
GEORGE M SENSOR
GEORGE M SENSOR
GEORGE M SENSOR
BRAD M VALDES
BRAD M VALDES
BRAD M VALDES
ROBERT T VALDES
ROBERT T VALDES
JOEL A PELLICCI, JR.
JOEL A PELLICCI, JR.
ADRIAN T SMITH
JOHN PALMACCIO
ADRIAN T SMITH
TERRY STEPHENSON
TERRY STEPHENSON
NIELESH A PATEL
ANGELA HARRELSON
ADRIAN T SMITH
JAMES L HERNANDEZ
JAMES L HERNANDEZ
JAMES L HERNANDEZ
JAMES L HERNANDEZ
ARNETT JAMES IV
ARNETT JAMES IV
ANN FOX BAUM
MARTIN RANFT, II
JASON W SAYLOR
N BROOKS WHITTINGTON
CARI R SEPULVEDA
CARI R SEPULVEDA
ROBERT C VALDES
ROBERT C VALDES
JAMES BOOTH
JAMES BOOTH
JAMES RYAN BOOTH
JOHN B RITCHEY, JR.
NIELESH A PATEL
NIELESH A PATEL
JAMES R MASON JR.
JAMES R MASON JR.
JAMES R MASON JR.
CARI R SEPULVEDA
CARI R SEPULVEDA
CARI R SEPULVEDA
CARI R SEPULVEDA
CARI R SEPULVEDA
CARI R SEPULVEDA
TERRY STEPHENSON
N BROOKS WHITTINGTON
N BROOKS WHITTINGTON
N BROOKS WHITTINGTON
NIELESH A PATEL
CARI R SEPULVEDA
JOHN PALMACCIO
JOHN PALMACCIO
ADRIAN T SMITH
JOHN PALMACCIO
JOHN PALMACCIO
JASON W SAYLOR
ADRIENNE RAWLS
BRAD M VALDES
BRAD M VALDES
FREDA D THORNTON
ROBERT C VALDES
ROBERT C VALDES
JAMES BOOTH
SARAH B STAFFORD
ROBERT C VALDES
ANN FOX BAUM
ADRIAN T SMITH
JAMES L HERNANDEZ
JAMES R MASON JR.
WILLIS LANGLEY, III
BRAD M VALDES
BRAD M VALDES
BRAD M VALDES
BRAD M VALDES
BRAD M VALDES
ROBERT C VALDES
KRIS HARNISH
JOEL A PELLICCI, JR.

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
905 BETHEL STREET, CLOVER, SC 29710-4123
1024 ELMWOOD AVE, COLUMBIA, SC 29201
7041 PARKLANE RD, COLUMBIA, SC 29223
2230 DECKER BLVD, COLUMBIA, SC 29206
7400 WILSON BLVD, COLUMBIA, SC 29203
2911 TWO NOTCH RD, COLUMBIA, SC 29204
1729 BROAD RIVER RD, COLUMBIA, SC 29210
434 GERVAIS ST, COLUMBIA, SC 29201
326 HARBISON BLVD, COLUMBIA, SC 29212
7501 GARNERS FERRY RD, COLUMBIA, SC 29209
5480 FOREST DR, COLUMBIA, SC 29206
2015 BLUFF ROAD, COLUMBIA, SC 29201
4801 GARNERS FERRY RD, COLUMBIA, SC 29209
600 SAINT ANDREWS RD, COLUMBIA, SC 29210
399 KILLIAN ROAD, COLUMBIA, SC 29203
100 CLEMSON RD, COLUMBIA, SC 29223
4301 HARDSCRABBLE RD, COLUMBIA, SC 29229
1622 US HWY 501, CONWAY, SC 29526
1467 HIGHWAY 544, CONWAY, SC 29526
1501 S MAIN ST, DARLINGTON, SC 29532
18128 HERITAGE HWY, DENMARK, SC 29042
310 HWY 301 N, DILLON, SC 29536
1392 E MAIN ST, DUNCAN, SC 29334
2157 E MAIN ST, DUNCAN, SC 29334
5634 CALHOUN MEMORIAL HWY, EASLEY, SC 29640
714 AUGUSTA RD, EDGEFIELD, SC 29824
1540 S IRBY ST, FLORENCE, SC 29505
2016 W PALMETTO, FLORENCE, SC 29501
2961 WILLISTON RD, FLORENCE, SC 29506
1389 CELEBRATION BLVD, FLORENCE, SC 29501
4735 E PALMETTO STREET, FLORENCE, SC 29506
1908 W LUCAS ST, FLORENCE, SC 29501
3805 W PALMETTO ST, FLORENCE, SC 29501
3490 HIGHWAY 21, FORT MILL, SC 29715
2883 S CAROLINA 160, FORT MILL, SC 29708
10108 CHARLOTTE HIGHWAY, FORT MILL, SC 29707
300 MCCARTER ROAD, FOUNTAIN INN, SC 29644
1501 E FREDERICK ST, GAFFNEY, SC 29340
1552 FLOYD BAKER BLVD, GAFFNEY, SC 29341
2913 HWY 17 BUSINESS, GARDEN CITY, SC 29576
307 N FRASER ST, GEORGETOWN, SC 29442
109 GOOSE CREEK BLVD N, GOOSE CREEK, SC 29445
609 SAINT JAMES AVE, GOOSE CREEK, SC 29445
1651 RED BANK RD, GOOSE CREEK, SC 29445
565 BETTIS ACADEMY RD, GRANITEVILLE, SC 29829
5050 OLD BUNCOMBE RD, GREENVILLE, SC 29617
6103 WHITE HORSE RD, GREENVILLE, SC 29611
1111 WOODRUFF RD, GREENVILLE, SC 29607
2443 LAURENS RD, GREENVILLE, SC 29607
35 RUTHERFORD ST, GREENVILLE, SC 29609
2200 AUGUSTA RD, GREENVILLE, SC 29605
2109 WADE HAMPTON BLVD, GREENVILLE, SC 29607
630 HOWELL RD, GREENVILLE, SC 29615
3618 PELHAM RD, GREENVILLE, SC 29615
3 CANNON DR, GREENVILLE, SC 29605
1706 WHITE HORSE RD, GREENVILLE, SC 29605
2111 WOODRUFF RD, GREENVILLE, SC 29607
1326 BY PASS 72 NE, GREENWOOD, SC 29649
502 72ND BYP NW, GREENWOOD, SC 29649
1204 S MAIN ST, GREENWOOD, SC 29646
103 HAMMETT BRIDGE RD, GREER, SC 29650
308 W WADE HAMPTON BLVD, GREER, SC 29650
108 HOOVER ST, HAMPTON, SC 29924
574 INDEPENDENCE BLVD, HARDEEVILLE, SC 29927
431 HARTSVILLE CROSSING RD, HARTSVILLE, SC 29550
50 NEW ORLEANS RD, HILTON HEAD ISLAND, SC 29928
2 PLAZA DRIVE, HILTON HEAD ISLAND, SC 29926
8194 CHARLOTTE HIGHWAY, INDIAN LAND, SC 29707
11961 ASHVILLE HWY, INMAN, SC 29349
7417 SAINT ANDREWS RD, IRMO, SC 29063
1001 DUTCH FORK ROAD, IRMO, SC 29063
3575 MAYBANK HWY, JOHNS ISLAND, SC 29455
367 S GEORGETOWN HWY, JOHNSONVILLE, SC 29555
102 N LONGSTREET ST, KINGSTREE, SC 29556
1591 CENTRAL AVE, KNIGHTSVILLE, SC 29483
302 COLLEGE PARK BLVD, LADSON, SC 29456
203 N RON MCNAIR BLVD, LAKE CITY, SC 29560-2437
5262 HIGHWAY 557, LAKE WYLIE, SC 29710
316 BY-PASS EAST, LANCASTER, SC 29720
1364A HIGHWAY 38 W, LATTA, SC 29565
105 FLEMING ST, LAURENS, SC 29360
4324 SUNSET BLVD, LEXINGTON, SC 29072
250 COLUMBIA AVE, LEXINGTON, SC 29072
1011 S LAKE DR, LEXINGTON, SC 29072
1770 SOUTHLAKE DRIVE, LEXINGTON, SC 29073
340 LONG POND ROAD, LEXINGTON, SC 29072
2412 AUGUSTA HWY, LEXINGTON, SC 29072
4364 AUGUSTA RD, LEXINGTON, SC 29073
822 HIGHWAY 17, LITTLE RIVER, SC 29566
596 HWY 701 N, LORIS, SC 29569

113

TELEPHONE
803-222-1064
803-799-9523
803-699-6303
803-788-7651
803-786-5112
803-254-3738
803-772-8798
803-376-8898
803-781-0848
803-776-6685
803-790-2645
803-252-4727
803-787-0934
803-772-7657
803-714-7900
803-788-6776
803-788-5334
843-488-1647
843-234-3096
843-393-9733
803-793-0206
843-774-7585
864-433-8822
864-486-8822
864-855-0728
803-637-0060
843-662-6762
843-669-4012
843-679-3365
843-667-9887
843-673-9601
843-669-4546
843-679-0167
803-547-8844
803-548-1066
803-547-0049
864-862-1313
864-487-7440
864-489-8246
843-651-4448
843-546-8758
843-572-1069
843-569-5276
843-553-4954
803-392-7063
864-246-9103
864-295-0373
864-297-1940
864-297-9244
864-370-0370
864-233-0686
864-268-3633
864-268-1670
864-297-9774
864-233-2532
864-220-9774
864-234-5518
864-223-6336
864-223-8754
864-223-8308
864-879-0607
864-879-2612
803-943-0034
843-784-2885
843-332-4752
843-785-8025
843-681-8025
704-517-1822
864-472-4300
803-749-0418
803-781-3572
843-559-3932
843-386-2023
843-354-5449
843-851-8380
843-572-1510
843-394-2283
803-831-0577
803-283-1931
843-752-2060
864-984-0321
803-785-2024
803-359-5700
803-957-8808
803-359-0811
803-808-0588
803-808-5080
803-808-6588
843-249-5000
843-756-1772

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
GEORGE M SENSOR
JAMES BOOTH
JAMES L HERNANDEZ
N BROOKS WHITTINGTON
SARAH B STAFFORD
JAMES RYAN BOOTH
JAMES BOOTH
JAMES BOOTH
JOEL A PELLICCI
JOEL A PELLICCI, JR.
JOEL A PELLICCI, JR.
JOEL A PELLICCI, JR.
JOEL A PELLICCI, JR.
JOEL A PELLICCI, JR.
JOEL A PELLICCI, JR.
JOEL A PELLICCI, JR.
JOEL A PELLICCI, JR.
JOEL A PELLICCI, JR.
JAMES R MASON JR.
JAMES R MASON JR.
JOHN B RITCHEY, JR.
JOHN B RITCHEY, JR.
JOHN B RITCHEY, JR.
JAMES BOOTH
JAMES BOOTH
JAMES BOOTH
JAMES BOOTH
JAMES BOOTH
ANDREW HARNISH
KRIS HARNISH
JOHN B RITCHEY, JR.
JOHN B RITCHEY, JR.
JOHN B RITCHEY, JR.
ADRIAN T SMITH
ROBERT C VALDES
NIELESH A PATEL
NIELESH A PATEL
JAMES R MASON JR.
LEOVICK MEDINA
JAMES RYAN BOOTH
JASON W SAYLOR
JOHN PALMACCIO
MARTIN RANFT, II
MARTIN RANFT, II
ADRIAN T SMITH
ADRIAN T SMITH
JOSHUA M RANFT
JASON W SAYLOR
BRAD M VALDES
JAMES BOOTH
NIELESH A PATEL
TERRY STEPHENSON
TERRY STEPHENSON
TERRY STEPHENSON
JEFFREY WATSON
JEFFREY WATSON
EST OF RAVI VUPPALA
EST OF RAVI VUPPALA
EST OF RAVI VUPPALA
EST OF RAVI VUPPALA
JAMES R MASON JR.
CARI R SEPULVEDA
CARI R SEPULVEDA
JAMES RYAN BOOTH
JAMES RYAN BOOTH
SARAH B STAFFORD
SARAH B STAFFORD
JAMES BOOTH
JAMES BOOTH
JAMES RYAN BOOTH
JAMES RYAN BOOTH
GEORGE M SENSOR
GEORGE M SENSOR
GEORGE M SENSOR
GEORGE M SENSOR
GEORGE M SENSOR
JAMES R MASON JR.
NIELESH A PATEL
JAMES R MASON JR.
JAMES BOOTH
JAMES BOOTH
WILLIS LANGLEY, III
BRAD M VALDES
ROBERT C VALDES
NIELESH A PATEL
MIKESH A PATEL
ROBERT T VALDES
JAMES R MASON JR.
JOHN PALMACCIO
FRED L FUNDERBURK

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
906 HWY 1 S, LUGOFF, SC 29078
1960 PAXVILLE HWY, MANNING, SC 29102
2513 E HIGHWAY, MARION, SC 29571
114-M WEST BUTLER ROAD, MAULDIN, SC 29662
375 N HWY 52, MONCKS CORNER, SC 29461
2745 HWY 52, MONCKS CORNER, SC 29461
1533 JOHNNY DODDS BLVD, MOUNT PLEASANT, SC 29464
3060 IRONCLAD ALLEY, MOUNT PLEASANT, SC 29466
2607 S KINGS HWY, MYRTLE BEACH, SC 29577
2200 N KINGS HWY, MYRTLE BEACH, SC 29577
4500 US HIGHWAY 17 BYPASS S, MYRTLE BEACH, SC 29588
3730 RENEE DR, MYRTLE BEACH, SC 29579
3715 OLEANDER DRIVE, MYRTLE BEACH, SC 29577
9527 HIGHWAY 707, MYRTLE BEACH, SC 29588
104 TOWNE CENTRE PARKWAY, MYRTLE BEACH, SC 29579
101 STRAND MARKET DRIVE, MYRTLE BEACH, SC 29588
8015 NORTH KINGS HIGHWAY, MYRTLE BEACH, SC 29572
5900 S KINGS HIGHWAY, MYRTLE BEACH, SC 29575
1241 WILSON RD, NEWBERRY, SC 29108
36 DUSTY RD, NEWBERRY, SC 29108
4403 JEFFERSON DAVIS HWY, NORTH AUGUSTA, SC 29841
1831 GEORGIA AVE, NORTH AUGUSTA, SC 29841
991 EDGEFIELD ROAD, NORTH AUGUSTA, SC 29860
3710 RIVERS AVE, NORTH CHARLESTON, SC 29405-7039
8401 DORCHESTER ROAD, NORTH CHARLESTON, SC 29420
8586 RIVERS AVE, NORTH CHARLESTON, SC 29406
5950 RIVERS AVE, NORTH CHARLESTON, SC 29406
2988 W MONTAGUE AVENUE, NORTH CHARLESTON, SC 29418
4815 HWY 17 S, NORTH MYRTLE BEACH, SC 29582
100 MAIN ST, NORTH MYRTLE BEACH, SC 29577
2394 CHESTNUT NE, ORANGEBURG, SC 29115
3675 SAINT MATTHEWS RD, ORANGEBURG, SC 29118
706 JOHN C CALHOUN DR, ORANGEBURG, SC 29115
203 S VAN LINGLE MUNGO BOULEVARD, PAGELAND, SC 29728
10425 OCEAN HWY, PAWLEYS ISLAND, SC 29585
425 E MAIN, PICKENS, SC 29671
3435 HIGHWAY 153, PIEDMONT, SC 29673
7611 AUGUSTA RD, PIEDMONT, SC 29673
108 FRONTAGE RD, PIEDMONT, SC 29673
850 PARRIS ISLAND GATEWAY, PORT ROYAL, SC 29906
3084 LANCASTER HWY, RICHBURG, SC 29729
8548 GRAHAMVILLE RD, RIDGELAND, SC 29936
2600 N CHERRY RD, ROCK HILL, SC 29730
115 S CHERRY RD, ROCK HILL, SC 29732
1232 E MAIN ST, ROCK HILL, SC 29731
1785 MT GALLANT RD, ROCK HILL, SC 29732
511 S HERLONG, ROCK HILL, SC 29732
1998 DAVE LYLE BLVD, ROCK HILL, SC 29730
401 N JENNINGS ST, SALUDA, SC 29138
8409 OLD NUMBER SIX HWY, SANTEE, SC 29142
1305 SANDIFER BLVD, SENECA, SC 29678
1025 SOUTH STREET, SIMPSONVILLE, SC 29681
692 FAIRVIEW RD, SIMPSONVILLE, SC 29680
924 NORTH EAST MAIN STREET, SIMPSONVILLE, SC 29681
2050 NEW CUT RD, SPARTANBURG, SC 29303
1917 BOILING SPRINGS RD, SPARTANBURG, SC 29303
500 HEARON CIR, SPARTANBURG, SC 29303
106 GARNER RD, SPARTANBURG, SC 29303
199 CEDAR SPRINGS RD, SPARTANBURG, SC 29302
2131 EAST MAIN STREET, SPARTANBURG, SC 29307
2244 CHESNEE HWY, SPARTANBURG, SC 29303
1598 JOHN B WHITE SR BLVD, SPARTANBURG, SC 29301
7661 WARREN H ABERNATHY HWY, SPARTANBURG, SC 29301
6005 W JIM BILTON BLVD, ST GEORGE, SC 29477
401 BUFF BLVD, SUMMERTON, SC 29148
1520 N MAIN ST, SUMMERVILLE, SC 29483
2909 WEST 5TH NORTH STREET, SUMMERVILLE, SC 29483
10095 E DORCHESTER RD, SUMMERVILLE, SC 29485
1317 N MAIN STREET (WM #1037), SUMMERVILLE, SC 29483
501 N MAIN ST, SUMMERVILLE, SC 29483
1707 STATE RD, SUMMERVILLE, SC 29486
1060 BROAD ST, SUMTER, SC 29150
101 N LAFAYETTE BLVD, SUMTER, SC 29150
360 PINE WOOD RD, SUMTER, SC 29150
1765 HWY 15 S, SUMTER, SC 29154
5650 BROAD STREET, SUMTER, SC 29150
6125 WADE HAMPTON BLVD, TAYLORS, SC 29687
501 ROE CENTER CT, TRAVELERS REST, SC 29577
605 N DUNCAN BYPASS, UNION, SC 29379
727 N JEFFERIES BLVD, WALTERBORO, SC 29488
1404 SNIDERS HWY, WALTERBORO, SC 29488
2425 SUNSET BLVD, WEST COLUMBIA, SC 29169
2700 EMANUEL CHURCH RD, WEST COLUMBIA, SC 29169
1303 CHARLESTON HWY, WEST COLUMBIA, SC 29169
143 SCENIC PLAZA DR, WEST UNION, SC 29696
4 W MAIN ST, WILLIAMSTON, SC 29697
130 FAIRFIELD SQUARE, WINNSBORO, SC 29180
890 N MAIN STREET, WOODRUFF, SC 29388
57 FRAMPTON DR, YEMASSEE, SC 29945
989 E LIBERTY STREET, YORK, SC 29745

114

TELEPHONE
803-438-6666
803-435-4131
843-423-0104
864-288-7696
843-761-8763
843-536-8658
843-881-2009
843-216-7299
843-448-4223
843-448-4935
843-293-5858
843-903-1807
843-839-9000
843-650-1826
843-903-3410
843-215-7225
843-449-1150
843-238-1100
803-276-9960
803-276-4145
803-593-8700
803-279-3700
803-426-1059
843-566-9891
843-760-2822
843-824-5433
843-566-9463
843-744-0626
843-361-4111
843-249-3212
803-536-5090
803-536-1234
803-536-1111
843-672-6221
843-235-2720
864-878-4325
864-295-9095
864-299-5402
864-845-8907
843-524-8500
803-789-3353
843-645-9025
803-366-2259
803-327-1413
803-326-0550
803-980-5145
839-214-9276
803-909-7090
864-445-2319
803-854-2634
864-882-0444
864-963-7703
864-228-3500
864-962-5600
864-574-7277
864-578-7070
864-707-0783
864-308-1727
864-756-0890
864-256-4142
864-585-8002
864-576-0320
864-576-8533
843-563-9218
803-488-0188
843-871-2100
843-471-2415
843-875-2110
843-851-1446
843-821-9004
843-482-0258
803-775-4532
803-773-8515
803-775-1807
803-506-2026
803-494-7344
864-848-9458
864-834-0718
864-429-3506
843-549-1792
843-538-1120
803-796-2005
803-957-7772
803-794-8193
864-638-0340
864-847-4444
803-635-5002
864-476-0424
843-726-4766
803-684-3417

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
MICHAEL J SALEM
MICHAEL J SALEM
TODD R LUTHER
JORDAN HARTSHORN
JORDAN HARTSHORN
NATHAN R LEONARD
NATHAN R LEONARD
NATHAN R LEONARD
NATHAN R LEONARD
NATHAN R LEONARD
MARK WHEELDON
NATHAN R LEONARD
TODD R LUTHER
TODD R LUTHER
TODD R LUTHER
TODD R LUTHER
JORDAN HARTSHORN
JORDAN HARTSHORN
JORDAN HARTSHORN
JORDAN HARTSHORN
JORDAN HARTSHORN
JORDAN HARTSHORN
JORDAN HARTSHORN
JORDAN HARTSHORN
JORDAN HARTSHORN
CALVIN L DARDIS
KELLEY DARDIS
MARK WHEELDON
JORDAN HARTSHORN
JORDAN HARTSHORN
NATHAN R LEONARD
NATHAN R LEONARD
ERIC T COCHRAN
ERIC T COCHRAN
JOHN JUDE FARIS
TIM A FUNDERBURK
JONATHON R MCGUIRE
JONATHON R MCGUIRE
CHRISTOPHER JEFFERS
MICHAEL WALDRAM
MARK E SMITH
DENA L QUERTERMOUS
SARA BLASZCZYK
STEVEN JEFFERS
STEVEN JEFFERS
TIM A FUNDERBURK
JEFF L GAMBLE
MICHAEL J CARTER
MICHAEL J CARTER
SCOTT D YORK
ASTRID B DELGADO LYON
ASTRID B DELGADO LYON
JONATHON R MCGUIRE
MICHAEL J CARTER
MICHAEL J CARTER
MICHAEL J CARTER
JONATHON TYLER GAMBLE
JOHN FARIS, JR.
KRISTINE KENWORTHY
TIM A FUNDERBURK
JONATHON R MCGUIRE
JAMES D AARON, JR.
JABARI DAUGHTRY
JABARI DAUGHTRY
JABARI DAUGHTRY
ALEX GOODWIN
ALEX GOODWIN
ALEX GOODWIN
ALEX GOODWIN
STEVEN OVERBY
STEVEN OVERBY
STEVEN OVERBY
TIM A FUNDERBURK
JOHN JUDE FARIS
EMILY DONISI ELLIS
EMILY DONISI ELLIS
EMILY DONISI ELLIS
CLARK GRAY
PHILIP GRAY
HOWARD E LARSON, II
HOWARD E LARSON, II
HOWARD E LARSON, II
HOWARD E LARSON, II
MARK E SMITH
MARK E SMITH
MARK E SMITH
MARK E SMITH
MARK E SMITH
JOHN JUDE FARIS
JOHN JUDE FARIS

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
1615 6TH AVE SE, ABERDEEN, SD 57401-5025
403 N 2ND ST, ABERDEEN, SD 57401-2708
680 REAGAN AVE, BOX ELDER, SD 57719
922 SPLITROCK BLVD, BRANDON, SD 57005
1605 6TH ST, BROOKINGS, SD 57006
200 S MAIN, CHAMBERLAIN, SD 57325-1520
1865 DAKOTA AVE S, HURON, SD 57350-3932
320 2ND ST NW, MADISON, SD 57042
1704 N MAIN ST, MITCHELL, SD 57301-1119
1521 S BURR, MITCHELL, SD 57301-4770
100 N DERBY LN, NORTH SIOUX CITY, SD 57049
610 W SIOUX AVE, PIERRE, SD 57501
2223 W MAIN ST, RAPID CITY, SD 57702
720 CLEVELAND ST, RAPID CITY, SD 57701
804 E NORTH ST, RAPID CITY, SD 57701-1689
3919 CHEYENNE BLVD, RAPID CITY, SD 57703
3200 S MINNESOTA AVE, SIOUX FALLS, SD 57105-5651
2416 W 12TH ST, SIOUX FALLS, SD 57104-3813
4000 W 41ST ST, SIOUX FALLS, SD 57103
3101 E 26TH ST, SIOUX FALLS, SD 57103-4033
4903 N CLIFF AVE, SIOUX FALLS, SD 57104
5201 S LOUISE AVE, SIOUX FALLS, SD 57108
917 E 10TH STREET, SIOUX FALLS, SD 57103
7500 SOUTH MINNESOTA AVE, SIOUX FALLS, SD 57108
8320 WEST 41ST STREET, SIOUX FALLS, SD 57106
131 RYAN RD, SPEARFISH, SD 57783-1212
2351 LAZELLE ST, STURGIS, SD 57785
702 N DAKOTA ST, VERMILLION, SD 57069-1405
820 35TH STREET CIR, WATERTOWN, SD 57201
407 9TH AVE SE, WATERTOWN, SD 57201
526 E 2ND ST, WINNER, SD 57580-1355
2301 BROADWAY AVE, YANKTON, SD 57078-1204
211 CALDERWOOD ST, ALCOA, TN 37701
2552 AIRPORT HWY, ALCOA, TN 37701
2929 OLD KNOXVILLE HWY, ALCOA, TN 37804
300 BIGMAC DR, ALGOOD, TN 38506
5301 HICKORY HOLLOW LN, ANTIOCH, TN 37013-3127
3035 HAMILTON CHURCH RD (WM #5058), ANTIOCH, TN 37013
11590 HIGHWAY 70, ARLINGTON, TN 38002
255 S MAIN ST, ASHLAND CITY, TN 37015
1403 CONGRESS PKY, ATHENS, TN 37303
10921 HIGHWAY 51 S, ATOKA, TN 38004
7599 HIGHWAY 70, BARTLETT, TN 38133
6048 STAGE RD, BARTLETT, TN 38134-8314
8062 US HIGHWAY 64, BARTLETT, TN 38133
110 FAST LANE, BAXTER, TN 38544
4101 B HIGHWAY 412 SOUTH, BELLS, TN 38006
214 CAROLINA POTTERY DR, BLOUNTVILLE, TN 37617
2260 HWY 394, BLOUNTVILLE, TN 37617
798 W MARKET ST, BOLIVAR, TN 38008-2243
109 E PARK DR, BRENTWOOD, TN 37027-7505
410 OLD HICKORY BLVD, BRENTWOOD, TN 37211
6720 NOLENSVILLE PIKE, BRENTWOOD, TN 37027
2633 W STATE, BRISTOL, TN 37620
1102 VOLUNTEER PKY, BRISTOL, TN 37620
325 PINNACLE PARKWAY, BRISTOL, TN 37620
2586 ANDERSON AVENUE, BROWNSVILLE, TN 38012-8354
35 SPEEDWAY LN, BULLS GAP, TN 37711
106 HWY 641 N, CAMDEN, TN 38320-1328
11 DIXON SPRINGS HWY, CARTHAGE, TN 37030
1743 HWY 100, CENTERVILLE, TN 37033
200 LOWER RIVER RD NW, CHARLESTON, TN 37310
4123 HIXSON PIKE, CHATTANOOGA, TN 37415
6220 LEE HWY, CHATTANOOGA, TN 37421
5440 HWY 153, CHATTANOOGA, TN 37343
4502 ROSSVILLE BLVD, CHATTANOOGA, TN 37407
4829 BRAINERD RD, CHATTANOOGA, TN 37416
2017 GUNBARREL RD, CHATTANOOGA, TN 37421
156 BROWNS FERRY RD, CHATTANOOGA, TN 37419
4608 HWY 58, CHATTANOOGA, TN 37416
1117 E 3RD ST, CHATTANOOGA, TN 37403
1735 OOLTEWAH RINGGOLD ROAD, CHATTANOOGA, TN 37363
6137 EPPS MILL RD, CHRISTIANA, TN 37037
201 SILVER LAKE RD, CHURCH HILL, TN 37642
1921 MADISON EXT, CLARKSVILLE, TN 37040
724 SANGO RD, CLARKSVILLE, TN 37043
1265 ROSSVIEW RD, CLARKSVILLE, TN 37043
2285 TRENTON RD, CLARKSVILLE, TN 37040
792 N 2ND ST, CLARKSVILLE, TN 37040-2996
3078 WILMA RUDOLPH BLVD, CLARKSVILLE, TN 37040-5005
1644 FORT CAMPBELL BLVD, CLARKSVILLE, TN 37040
3891 TRENTON RD, CLARKSVILLE, TN 37040
2961 FT CAMPBELL BLVD, CLARKSVILLE, TN 37042
1350 25TH ST NW, CLEVELAND, TN 37312
2365 APD 40, CLEVELAND, TN 37312
4500 N LEE HWY, CLEVELAND, TN 37312
281 PLEASANT GROVE ROAD SW, CLEVELAND, TN 37353
4095 GEORGETOWN ROAD NW, CLEVELAND, TN 37312
357 CHARLES SEIVERS BLVD, CLINTON, TN 37716
2237 CHARLES SEIVERS BLVD, CLINTON, TN 37716

115

TELEPHONE
605-225-4275
605-225-2841
605-791-1510
605-582-8333
605-692-7200
605-734-5509
605-352-6600
605-256-6212
605-996-6200
605-996-7200
605-232-9604
605-224-5003
605-342-3483
605-343-6984
605-342-3772
605-923-5951
605-338-2222
605-339-1454
605-361-3375
605-332-1211
605-373-1132
605-362-6011
605-334-3222
605-271-1658
605-593-5122
605-642-2053
605-347-2798
605-624-4630
605-886-7807
605-886-7077
605-842-1770
605-665-6200
865-983-8432
865-970-4921
865-681-9500
931-537-3330
615-731-8832
615-367-1446
901-867-9033
615-792-5801
423-745-7511
901-837-9526
901-201-6260
901-388-6091
901-382-8177
931-858-6999
731-663-6118
423-323-9223
423-323-8999
731-658-4889
615-377-4622
615-331-5928
615-283-5162
423-968-2821
423-764-3021
423-573-7009
731-772-4892
423-235-7000
731-584-2804
615-735-9263
931-729-2375
423-336-1655
423-877-9056
423-892-1976
423-877-0263
423-867-2345
423-954-3034
423-510-1661
423-821-7976
423-893-6686
423-267-1188
423-894-4913
615-849-1694
423-357-8320
931-552-3388
931-358-0259
615-326-1793
931-272-2455
931-552-0627
931-647-8626
931-645-6662
931-919-2667
931-919-0919
423-479-5343
423-479-5624
423-339-5898
423-479-1567
423-339-8162
865-457-9500
865-463-9500

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
GREGORY L MADISON
ALEJANDRO PINA
GINA MARIE WOLFE
GINA MARIE WOLFE
GINA MARIE WOLFE
TIM A FUNDERBURK
TIM A FUNDERBURK
CHRISTOPHER JEFFERS
ALEJANDRO PINA
ALEJANDRO PINA
GINA MARIE WOLFE
DENA L QUERTERMOUS
TIM A FUNDERBURK
TIM A FUNDERBURK
JAKE FARIS
BRADLEY W MOORE
JAMES D AARON, JR.
HOWARD E LARSON, II
HOWARD E LARSON, II
SCOTT D YORK
SCOTT D YORK
KRISTINE KENWORTHY
BRADLEY W MOORE
DARREN SELLS
STEVEN OVERBY
JOHN JUDE FARIS
JOHN FARIS, JR.
MARK E SMITH
PHILIP GRAY
JOHN JUDE FARIS
TIM A FUNDERBURK
ASTRID B DELGADO LYON
ASTRID B DELGADO LYON
ASTRID B DELGADO LYON
ASTRID B DELGADO LYON
CLARK GRAY
TED J LYON
TED J LYON
TED J LYON
SARAH B MCNAIR
JUSTIN ISRAEL
ALEX MADISON
PHILIP GRAY
JERRY L MCNAIR
TIM A FUNDERBURK
SARAH B MCNAIR
JOHN FARIS, JR.
JOHN FARIS, JR.
JOHN FARIS, JR.
DARREN SELLS
JOHN JUDE FARIS
JOHN JUDE FARIS
TED J LYON
SCOTT D YORK
TED J LYON
TED J LYON
JERRY L MCNAIR
PHILIP GRAY
PHILIP GRAY
PHILIP GRAY
JABARI DAUGHTRY
GINA MARIE WOLFE
JEFF L GAMBLE
LEE K MATLOCK
SCOTT D YORK
JOHN JUDE FARIS
JONATHON TYLER GAMBLE
JONATHON TYLER GAMBLE
JONATHON TYLER GAMBLE
JONATHON TYLER GAMBLE
JONATHON TYLER GAMBLE
KEVIN HAILEY
ALEX GOODWIN
JAKE FARIS
JOHN JUDE FARIS
CHAD GRAY
JOHN FARIS, JR.
JOHN FARIS, JR.
JOHN FARIS, JR.
JOHN FARIS, JR.
JOHN FARIS, JR.
JOHN FARIS, JR.
JOHN FARIS, JR.
JOHN FARIS, JR.
JOHN JUDE FARIS
ALEX GOODWIN
JOHN JUDE FARIS
JOHN JUDE FARIS
JOHN JUDE FARIS
JOHN JUDE FARIS

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
852 W POPLAR AVE, COLLIERVILLE, TN 38017
3675 S HOUSTON LEVEE, COLLIERVILLE, TN 38017
1225 TROTWOOD AVE, COLUMBIA, TN 38401-4801
110 BEAR CREEK PIKE, COLUMBIA, TN 38401-2261
1563 BEAR CREEK PIKE, COLUMBIA, TN 38401
1001 S JEFFERSON ST, COOKEVILLE, TN 38501-4019
515 S WILLOW AVE, COOKEVILLE, TN 38501
1705 N GERMANTOWN PKY, CORDOVA, TN 38018
674 N GERMANTOWN PKWY, CORDOVA, TN 38018-6210
1206 HOUSTON LEVEE ROAD, CORDOVA, TN 38018
3685 PULASKI HWY, CORNERSVILLE, TN 37047
887 HWY 51 N, COVINGTON, TN 38019-1701
1195 N MAIN ST, CROSSVILLE, TN 38555
558 PEAVINE RD, CROSSVILLE, TN 38555
550 HWY 92 SOUTH, DANDRIDGE, TN 37725
130 ABEL DR, DAYTON, TN 37321
17447 STATE HIGHWAY 58 N, DECATUR, TN 37322
111 MATHIS DR, DICKSON, TN 37055-2085
1005 CHRISTI RD, DICKSON, TN 37055
2798 HWY 48, DICKSON, TN 37055
1505 DONELSON PKY, DOVER, TN 37058
8762 HWY 22, DRESDEN, TN 38225
14950 RANKIN AVE S, DUNLAP, TN 37327
2496 LAKE RD, DYERSBURG, TN 38024-1604
6401 RINGGOLD ROAD, EAST RIDGE, TN 37412
215 BROAD ST, ELIZABETHTON, TN 37643
529 JONESBOROUGH RD, ERWIN, TN 37650
620 N TENNESSEE AVE, ETOWAH, TN 37331
2233 FAIRVIEW BLVD, FAIRVIEW, TN 37062
11205 KINGSTON PIKE, FARRAGUT, TN 37934
1410 HUNTSVILLE HWY, FAYETTEVILLE, TN 37334-3606
106 HWY 96 W, FRANKLIN, TN 37064
1299 HWY 96 E, FRANKLIN, TN 37064
1704 GALLERIA BLVD, FRANKLIN, TN 37064
653 FRAZIER DR, FRANKLIN, TN 37067
1003 VILLAGE PLAINS BLVD, FRANKLIN, TN 37064
402 W MAIN ST, GALLATIN, TN 37066-3120
990 GREENSBORO DR, GALLATIN, TN 37066
1304 CLEAR LAKE MEADOWS BLVD, GALLATIN, TN 37066
377 BIG STATION CAMP BLVD, GALLATIN, TN 37066
1353 PARKWAY EAST, GATLINBURG, TN 37738
2030 GERMANTOWN RD, GERMANTOWN, TN 38138-2844
906 TWO MILE PKY, GOODLETTSVILLE, TN 37072-2322
304 LONG HOLLOW PIKE, GOODLETTSVILLE, TN 37072-1876
481 GORDONSVILLE HWY, GORDONSVILLE, TN 38563
US 41S & COLLEGE STREET, GREENBRIER, TN 37073
107 AUSTIN ST, GREENEVILLE, TN 37745
504 ASHEVILLE HWY, GREENEVILLE, TN 37743
2760 E ANDREW JOHNSON HWY, GREENEVILLE, TN 37745-0954
1907 N MERIDIAN STREET, GREENFIELD, TN 38230
110 1ST AVE, HAMPTON, TN 37658
1705 S ROANE ST, HARRIMAN, TN 37748
103 MCMURRY BLVD, HARTSVILLE, TN 37074
438 E MAIN, HENDERSON, TN 38340-2416
393 W MAIN ST, HENDERSONVILLE, TN 37075-3312
258 INDIAN LAKE BLVD, HENDERSONVILLE, TN 37075
305 NEW SHACKLE ISLAND RD, HENDERSONVILLE, TN 37075
3470 LEBANON RD, HERMITAGE, TN 37076-2008
4734 LEBANON PIKE, HERMITAGE, TN 37076-1313
5800 OLD HICKORY BLVD, HERMITAGE, TN 37076
8601 HIXSON PIKE, HIXSON, TN 37343
441 E MAIN ST, HOHENWALD, TN 38462-2005
2579 HWY 45 N BY PASS, HUMBOLDT, TN 38343
153 VETERANS DRIVE NORTH, HUNTINGDON, TN 38344-6204
15400 HWY 13 S, HURRICANE MILLS, TN 37078
2826 APPALACHIAN HWY, JACKSBORO, TN 37757
1915 N HIGHLAND AVE, JACKSON, TN 38305-4509
1705 S HIGHLAND, JACKSON, TN 38301-7718
1918 HWY 45 BYP, JACKSON, TN 38305-2408
16 STONE BROOK, JACKSON, TN 38302
20 CHLOE PLACE, JACKSON, TN 38305
401 N MAIN ST, JAMESTOWN, TN 38556
260 TVA ROAD, JASPER, TN 37347
100 W BROADWAY ST, JEFFERSON CITY, TN 37760
1419 FIFTH STREET, JELLICO, TN 37762
6451 EATONS CREEK RD, JOELTON, TN 37080
1710 W MARKET ST, JOHNSON CITY, TN 37601
417 E MAIN ST, JOHNSON CITY, TN 37601
826 W WALNUT ST, JOHNSON CITY, TN 37601
2101 N ROAN ST, JOHNSON CITY, TN 37601
5016 BOBBY HICKS HWY, JOHNSON CITY, TN 37615
3100 BROWNSMILL RD, JOHNSON CITY, TN 37604
4525 ROAN STREET NORTH, JOHNSON CITY, TN 37615
506 BOONES CREEK RD, JONESBOROUGH, TN 37659
7134 OAK RIDGE HIGHWAY, KARNS, TN 37931
160 MAIN ST, KIMBALL, TN 37347
2330 FORT HENRY DR, KINGSPORT, TN 37664
1620 E STONE DR, KINGSPORT, TN 37660
1501 LYNN GARDEN RD, KINGSPORT, TN 37665
4300 W STONE DR, KINGSPORT, TN 37660

116

TELEPHONE
901-853-7700
901-850-0188
931-381-3811
931-388-4641
931-388-0660
931-528-1010
931-528-0170
901-757-8205
901-757-1989
901-753-9833
931-293-7800
901-476-1540
931-484-7726
931-456-6850
865-397-0397
423-775-2023
423-334-8069
615-446-5742
615-441-1470
615-446-0909
931-232-0005
731-364-5761
423-949-6464
731-285-1598
423-894-7911
423-543-5666
423-743-5821
423-263-1958
615-913-8255
865-966-2600
931-433-1156
615-790-1775
615-790-7019
615-771-7272
615-771-8778
615-994-8202
615-527-7187
615-451-7100
615-206-8808
615-899-6075
865-436-4006
901-755-5175
615-859-2994
615-851-7266
615-683-1000
615-863-2450
423-639-3277
423-636-2673
423-798-8979
731-235-0100
423-725-3551
865-346-9970
615-374-0200
731-989-2830
615-822-1124
615-826-0091
615-822-7169
615-883-7250
615-391-5101
615-872-0086
423-847-1117
931-796-2600
731-784-7688
731-535-3460
931-296-5882
423-566-9500
731-424-3692
731-422-4791
731-668-8026
731-661-9203
731-935-0075
931-879-1770
423-942-5668
423-586-2956
423-784-1600
615-299-9913
423-929-2291
423-929-8041
423-928-8838
423-282-5663
423-477-4491
423-915-0328
423-328-0956
423-913-1761
865-985-9500
423-837-7592
423-246-6661
423-247-9581
423-246-9001
423-246-7911

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
JOHN JUDE FARIS
JOHN JUDE FARIS
JOHN JUDE FARIS
JOSEPH P BURGER, III
JOSEPH P BURGER, III
JOSEPH P BURGER, III
JOSEPH P BURGER, III
JOSEPH P BURGER, III
JOSEPH P BURGER, III
JOSEPH P BURGER, III
ERIC T COCHRAN
ERIC T COCHRAN
ERIC T COCHRAN
ERIC T COCHRAN
JOHN JUDE FARIS
JOHN JUDE FARIS
JOHN JUDE FARIS
JOHN JUDE FARIS
JOHN JUDE FARIS
JOHN FARIS, JR.
JOHN FARIS, JR.
JOHN FARIS, JR.
JOHN FARIS, JR.
JAKE FARIS
ASTRID B DELGADO LYON
ASTRID B DELGADO LYON
TED J LYON
JOHN JUDE FARIS
STEVEN JEFFERS
GINA MARIE WOLFE
PHILIP GRAY
PHILIP GRAY
PHILIP GRAY
JOHN JUDE FARIS
JOHN JUDE FARIS
TIM A FUNDERBURK
SCOTT D YORK
TIM A FUNDERBURK
JOHN JUDE FARIS
JOHN JUDE FARIS
PHILIP GRAY
MARK E SMITH
TIM A FUNDERBURK
TIM A FUNDERBURK
KRISTINE KENWORTHY
ERIC T COCHRAN
ERIC T COCHRAN
JOHN JUDE FARIS
LEE K MATLOCK
TIM A FUNDERBURK
JONATHON TYLER GAMBLE
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER, SR.
STEVEN JEFFERS
ALEX MADISON
ALEX MADISON
ALEX MADISON
GREGORY L MADISON
GREGORY L MADISON
GREGORY L MADISON
ALEJANDRO PINA
ALEJANDRO PINA
ALEJANDRO PINA
ALEJANDRO PINA
ALEJANDRO PINA
DARREN SELLS
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
TIM A FUNDERBURK
JAKE FARIS
JAKE FARIS
JAKE FARIS

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
4317 FORT HENRY DR, KINGSPORT, TN 37662
1331 JOHN B DENNIS HIGHWAY, KINGSPORT, TN 37660
840 N KENTUCKY ST, KINGSTON, TN 37763
7030 KINGSTON PIKE, KNOXVILLE, TN 37919
1720 W CUMBERLAND AVE, KNOXVILLE, TN 37912
322 CEDAR BLUFF RD, KNOXVILLE, TN 37923
4420 WESTERN AVENUE, KNOXVILLE, TN 37912
9501 KINGSTON PIKE, KNOXVILLE, TN 37923
327 LOVELL ROAD, KNOXVILLE, TN 37922
206 WALKER SPRINGS RD, KNOXVILLE, TN 37923
3120 N BROADWAY, KNOXVILLE, TN 37917
2505 CHAPMAN HWY, KNOXVILLE, TN 37912
9526 S NORTHSHORE DR SW, KNOXVILLE, TN 37921
7545 MOUNTAIN GROVE DRIVE, KNOXVILLE, TN 37920
7402 STRAWBERRY PLAINS PIKE, KNOXVILLE, TN 37871
5055 N BROADWAY, KNOXVILLE, TN 37918
5260 MILLERTOWN PIKE, KNOXVILLE, TN 37918
8451 MIDDLEBROOK PIKE, KNOXVILLE, TN 37919
10708 HARDIN VALLEY RD, KNOXVILLE, TN 37920
2818 MAGNOLIA AVE, KNOXVILLE, TN 37918
322 MERCHANTS DR, KNOXVILLE, TN 37912
6901 MAYNARDVILLE PIKE, KNOXVILLE, TN 37918
6715 CLINTON HWY, KNOXVILLE, TN 37849
139 E DUMPLIN VALLEY RD, KODAK, TN 37764
505 WALDRON RD, LA VERGNE, TN 37086
5147 MURFREESBORO RD, LA VERGNE, TN 37086
414 HWY 52 BYP W, LAFAYETTE, TN 37083-1730
624 N MAIN ST, LAKE CITY, TN 37769
9940 US HIGHWAY 64, LAKELAND, TN 38002
1216 N LOCUST AVE, LAWRENCEBURG, TN 38464
705 S CUMBERLAND ST, LEBANON, TN 37087-4109
1420 W MAIN ST, LEBANON, TN 37087-3114
320 HWY 109 N, LEBANON, TN 37090
402 HWY 321N, LENOIR CITY, TN 37771
9155 HWY 321 NORTH, LENOIR CITY, TN 37771
141 N ELLINGTON PKY, LEWISBURG, TN 37091-2842
675 C WEST CHURCH ST, LEXINGTON, TN 38351-1711
820 W MAIN ST, LIVINGSTON, TN 38570-1722
12505 HWY 72 N, LOUDON, TN 37774
1909 MARRIOTT DRIVE, LOUISVILLE, TN 37777
1012 GALLATIN RD S, MADISON, TN 37115-4606
840 PATTERSON ST, MADISONVILLE, TN 37354
2211 HILLSBORO BLVD, MANCHESTER, TN 37355-8912
1113 MCARTHUR ST, MANCHESTER, TN 37355
801 UNIVERSITY STREET, MARTIN, TN 38237-1627
803 FOOTHILLS DR, MARYVILLE, TN 37801
2315 MARKET PLACE DRIVE, MARYVILLE, TN 37802
2716 MAYNARDVILLE HWY, MAYNARDVILLE, TN 37807
15910 HIGHLAND DR, MCKENZIE, TN 38201
1334 NEW SMITHVILLE HWY, MCMINNVILLE, TN 37110
639 HIGHWAY 45E SOUTH, MEDINA, TN 38355
3363 AUSTIN PEAY HWY, MEMPHIS, TN 38128-3801
2073 UNION AVE, MEMPHIS, TN 38104-4137
1666 WINCHESTER, MEMPHIS, TN 38116-3518
4210 SUMMER AVE, MEMPHIS, TN 38122-4044
3149 N THOMAS ST, MEMPHIS, TN 38127-6002
2994 POPLAR AVENUE, MEMPHIS, TN 38111-3527
3224 JACKSON AVE, MEMPHIS, TN 38122-1009
1389 POPLAR AVENUE, MEMPHIS, TN 38104-2007
1755 GETWELL ROAD, MEMPHIS, TN 38111-7018
3377 WINCHE STER, MEMPHIS, TN 38118-5931
2200 COVINGTON PIKE, MEMPHIS, TN 38128-6907
3120 S 3RD, MEMPHIS, TN 38109-2950
1325 RIDGEWAY ROAD, MEMPHIS, TN 38119-5303
1610 SYCAMORE VIEW, MEMPHIS, TN 38134-7310
3805 HACKS CROSSING RD, MEMPHIS, TN 38125
4096 ELVIS PRESLEY BLVD, MEMPHIS, TN 38116
1683 E SHELBY DRIVE, MEMPHIS, TN 38116
1472 S TREZEVANT STREET, MEMPHIS, TN 38114
614 S HIGHLAND ST, MEMPHIS, TN 38111-4356
4642 QUINCE RD, MEMPHIS, TN 38117
905 UNION AVE, MEMPHIS, TN 38103-3513
1959 WHITTEN ROAD, MEMPHIS, TN 38133
1861 S 3RD, MEMPHIS, TN 38109
6050 WINCHESTER, MEMPHIS, TN 38115-4011
3636 S MENDENHALL, MEMPHIS, TN 38115-4801
3068 S PERKINS RD, MEMPHIS, TN 38118-3240
6690 POPLAR AVE, MEMPHIS, TN 38138
7101 WINCHESTER ROAD, MEMPHIS, TN 38125
5263 POPLAR DR, MEMPHIS, TN 38119-3513
5084 SUMMER AVE, MEMPHIS, TN 38122-4408
7011 E SHELBY DR, MEMPHIS, TN 38125-3417
3845 E SHELBY DR, MEMPHIS, TN 38118
2681 FRAYSER BLVD, MEMPHIS, TN 38127
6076 S 1ST ST, MILAN, TN 38358-3131
7839 US HIGHWAY 51 N, MILLINGTON, TN 38053
521 W MAIN ST, MONTEAGLE, TN 37356
2212 W ANDREW JOHNSON, MORRISTOWN, TN 37814
2560 E MORRIS BLVD, MORRISTOWN, TN 37813
5995 W ANDREW JOHNSON HWY, MORRISTOWN, TN 37813

117

TELEPHONE
423-239-7911
423-245-6712
865-328-1830
865-584-2536
865-637-4148
865-691-4556
865-637-4183
865-531-3911
865-966-2250
865-531-9500
865-687-1647
865-577-0097
865-539-9600
865-573-6050
865-933-9500
865-689-9000
865-522-9500
865-692-9503
865-694-9500
865-637-0267
865-666-7150
865-922-4302
865-938-2111
865-933-8801
615-793-4310
615-793-2032
615-688-7111
865-426-9500
901-922-5746
931-762-2454
615-449-3299
615-449-1833
615-449-8366
865-986-3122
865-988-7920
931-359-8601
731-968-4889
931-823-7999
865-346-9720
865-379-9500
615-338-8403
423-442-1812
931-728-0726
931-954-0872
731-587-3040
865-983-8500
865-982-7880
865-992-9500
731-352-0715
931-473-5950
731-783-3101
901-388-7570
901-726-6502
901-345-0053
901-458-2474
901-358-3343
901-452-6092
901-327-7071
901-272-7324
901-744-8381
901-362-7514
901-382-7500
901-398-4671
901-767-9225
901-383-8999
901-752-4962
901-332-3747
901-346-0874
901-743-8184
901-458-5018
901-685-3155
901-526-7812
901-654-3163
901-774-3339
901-794-9648
901-360-0033
901-365-7570
901-754-0132
901-590-0685
901-683-4365
901-682-8996
901-755-1313
901-366-5021
901-529-7261
731-686-3388
901-872-8118
931-924-4050
423-226-6478
423-581-7859
423-586-2956

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
JAKE FARIS
JAKE FARIS
PHILIP GRAY
HEATHER JOYNER
PHILIP GRAY
PHILIP GRAY
GINA MARIE WOLFE
JONATHON R MCGUIRE
JONATHON R MCGUIRE
JONATHON R MCGUIRE
JONATHON R MCGUIRE
JONATHON R MCGUIRE
JONATHON R MCGUIRE
JONATHON R MCGUIRE
JONATHON R MCGUIRE
JONATHON R MCGUIRE
JONATHON R MCGUIRE
JONATHON R MCGUIRE
CHAD GRAY
PHILIP GRAY
PHILIP GRAY
PHILIP GRAY
PHILIP GRAY
PHILIP GRAY
PHILIP GRAY
PHILIP GRAY
PHILIP GRAY
PHILIP GRAY
PHILIP GRAY
PHILIP GRAY
PHILIP GRAY
PHILIP GRAY
PHILIP GRAY
PHILIP GRAY
PHILIP GRAY
PHILIP GRAY
JONATHON R MCGUIRE
JONATHON R MCGUIRE
JONATHON R MCGUIRE
MICHAEL WALDRAM
DARREN SELLS
JAKE FARIS
JOSEPH P BURGER, III
JOSEPH P BURGER, III
CHRISTOPHER JEFFERS
MARK E SMITH
PHILIP GRAY
KEVIN HAILEY
MARK E SMITH
KRISTINE KENWORTHY
SCOTT D YORK
JUSTIN ISRAEL
JUSTIN ISRAEL
BRADLEY W MOORE
JOHN FARIS, JR.
PAUL M BURRELL, II
JOHN FARIS, JR.
GINA MARIE WOLFE
JABARI DAUGHTRY
DENA L QUERTERMOUS
JOHN JUDE FARIS
JOHN FARIS, JR.
LOGAN COLLIER
SCOTT D YORK
JUSTIN ISRAEL
JUSTIN ISRAEL
JUSTIN ISRAEL
ERIC T COCHRAN
TIM A FUNDERBURK
TIM A FUNDERBURK
TIM A FUNDERBURK
ASTRID B DELGADO LYON
ASTRID B DELGADO LYON
TED J LYON
JONATHON R MCGUIRE
STEVEN OVERBY
CHRISTOPHER JEFFERS
TIM A FUNDERBURK
ALEX GOODWIN
GINA MARIE WOLFE
GINA MARIE WOLFE
GINA MARIE WOLFE
LINDA L BURRELL
MARK E SMITH
JOHN JUDE FARIS
DARREN SELLS
TIM A FUNDERBURK
KRISTINE KENWORTHY
JAMES D AARON, JR.
KRISTINE KENWORTHY

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
1594 BUFFALO TRAIL DR, MORRISTOWN, TN 37814
5290 TWIN SPIRES LANE, MORRISTOWN, TN 37814
625 S MOUNT JULIET ROAD, MOUNT JULIET, TN 37122
955 SHADY ST, MOUNTAIN CITY, TN 37683
126 N MOUNT JULIET RD, MT JULIET, TN 37122
11279 LEBANON RD, MT JULIET, TN 37122
817 N MAIN ST, MT PLEASANT, TN 38474
106 SE BROAD ST, MURFREESBORO, TN 37130-4229
2180 OLD FORT PKY, MURFREESBORO, TN 37130
1706 MEMORIAL BLVD, MURFREESBORO, TN 37129-1519
2485 S CHURCH ST, MURFREESBORO, TN 37128
2595 OLD FORT PKWY, MURFREESBORO, TN 37130
3371 MEMORIAL BLVD, MURFREESBORO, TN 37130
1716 S RUTHERFORD BLVD, MURFREESBORO, TN 37130
2674 NEW SALEM HWY, MURFREESBORO, TN 37128
1436 N RUTHERFORD BLVD, MURFREESBORO, TN 37130
2874 MEDICAL CENTER PKWY, MURFREESBORO, TN 37129
5205 VETERANS PARKWAY, MURFREESBORO, TN 37128
331 HARDING PL, NASHVILLE, TN 37211-3911
2612 8TH AVENUE SOUTH, NASHVILLE, TN 37204-3008
4041 NOLENSVILLE RD, NASHVILLE, TN 37211-4547
4110 HILLSBORO RD, NASHVILLE, TN 37215-2701
6620 CHARLOTTE PIKE, NASHVILLE, TN 37209-4202
154 MCGAVOCK PIKE, NASHVILLE, TN 37214-2144
2806 GALLATIN PIKE, NASHVILLE, TN 37216-3713
2700 WEST END AVE, NASHVILLE, TN 37203-1426
4700 CHARLOTTE AVE, NASHVILLE, TN 37209-3405
2311 BRICK CHURCH PIKE, NASHVILLE, TN 37206
3300 DICKERSON RD, NASHVILLE, TN 37207-2955
1201 BROADWAY, NASHVILLE, TN 37203-3117
545 DONELSON PIKE, NASHVILLE, TN 37214-3738
2212 NOLENSVILLE RD, NASHVILLE, TN 37211-2025
5744 NOLENSVILLE RD, NASHVILLE, TN 37211-6424
201 RUDY CIR, NASHVILLE, TN 37214-1005
801 VANTAGE WAY CT, NASHVILLE, TN 37228
8050 HIGHWAY 100, NASHVILLE, TN 37221
524 MURFREESBORO RD, NASHVILLE, TN 37210-3510
1173 MURFREESBORO RD, NASHVILLE, TN 37217-2214
2499 MURFREESBORO PIKE, NASHVILLE, TN 37217-3554
7100 HWY 70 S, NASHVILLE, TN 37221-2211
600 A W HIGHWAY 77, NEWBERN, TN 38059
817 COSBY RD, NEWPORT, TN 37821
400 ILLINOIS AVE, OAK RIDGE, TN 37830
841 OAK RIDGE TPKE, OAK RIDGE, TN 37830
7200 HWY 64, OAKLAND, TN 38060
178 HIGHWAY 64, OCOEE, TN 37361
1252 ROBINSON RD, OLD HICKORY, TN 37138
19820 ALBERTA ST, ONEIDA, TN 37841
9211 LEE HWY, OOLTEWAH, TN 37363
1019 MINERAL WELLS, PARIS, TN 38242-4901
346 TENNESSEE AVE N, PARSONS, TN 38363
3570 PARKWAY, PIGEON FORGE, TN 37863
540 WEARS VALLEY ROAD, PIGEON FORGE, TN 37863
480 NORTH MAIN ST US HWY 127, PIKEVILLE, TN 37367
5955 HIGHWAY 11 E, PINEY FLATS, TN 37686
401 S BROADWAY, PORTLAND, TN 37148
409 EMORY RD, POWELL, TN 37938
812 W COLLEGE ST, PULASKI, TN 38478-3625
2003 DAYTON BLVD, RED BANK, TN 37415
590 HWY 51 N, RIPLEY, TN 38063
1106 NORTH GATEWAY AVE, ROCKWOOD, TN 37854
4306 HWY 66 S, ROGERSVILLE, TN 37857
205 MAIN ST, SAVANNAH, TN 38372-1903
621 MULBERRY AVE, SELMER, TN 38375
225 FORK OF THE RIVER PKY, SEVIERVILLE, TN 37862
904 DOLLY PARTON PKY, SEVIERVILLE, TN 37862
1831 PARKWAY, SEVIERVILLE, TN 37862
11416 CHAPMAN HWY, SEYMOUR, TN 37865
763 MADISON ST, SHELBYVILLE, TN 37160-3523
1508 N MAIN ST, SHELBYVILLE, TN 37160
507 S CONGRESS BLVD, SMITHVILLE, TN 37166-2021
345 N LOWRY ST, SMYRNA, TN 37167-2550
352 W SAM RIDLEY PARKWAY, SMYRNA, TN 37086
1855 ALMAVILLE RD, SMYRNA, TN 37167
775 NISSAN DR, SMYRNA, TN 37167
104 SEQUOYAH ACCESS RD, SODDY-DAISY, TN 37379
16630 US HIGHWAY 64, SOMERVILLE, TN 38068
800 ROOSEVELT DR, SPARTA, TN 38583-1225
22620 RHEA COUNTY HIGHWAY, SPRING CITY, TN 37381
5431 MAIN ST, SPRING HILL, TN 37174
4908 COLUMBIA HWY, SPRING HILL, TN 37174
3833 OLD PORT ROYAL RD N, SPRING HILL, TN 37174
2113 MEMORIAL BLVD, SPRINGFIELD, TN 37172
223 HWY 68, SWEETWATER, TN 37312
1610 N BROAD ST, TAZEWELL, TN 37879
2038 HIGHWAY 45 BYPASS, TRENTON, TN 38382
1018 N JACKSON ST, TULLAHOMA, TN 37388-2334
1108 MARSHALL AVE, UNION CITY, TN 38261-5528
1936 US 411, VONORE, TN 37885
103 WAVERLY PL, WAVERLY, TN 37185-1531

118

TELEPHONE
423-587-4875
423-586-3749
615-970-7799
423-727-4344
615-754-8588
615-773-7061
931-379-5151
615-962-9266
615-893-3036
615-962-8062
615-895-3500
615-907-0661
629-207-3118
615-895-7470
615-890-8820
615-898-0677
615-898-7445
615-678-0488
615-333-2711
615-383-7045
615-833-2511
615-385-3313
615-354-0470
615-883-4150
615-227-1200
615-327-3755
615-385-4710
615-227-0995
615-262-8038
615-255-6313
615-885-6006
615-259-3912
615-331-5795
615-391-3246
615-255-0099
615-913-8256
615-244-7341
615-361-7606
615-360-6652
615-662-2545
731-627-0029
423-623-3003
865-483-4570
865-481-0013
901-466-9777
423-338-9077
615-357-3622
423-286-7800
423-238-9266
731-642-4499
731-257-1054
865-453-9351
865-774-8997
423-447-3300
423-391-7345
615-325-5054
865-947-3962
931-363-8670
423-870-4405
731-635-7050
865-328-1140
423-272-4892
731-925-4889
731-645-4488
865-453-3747
865-429-7074
865-908-6222
865-609-1493
931-684-3099
931-492-4127
615-597-8944
615-459-0622
615-625-3132
615-220-1670
615-220-0034
423-332-0022
901-465-1493
931-738-3555
423-452-0832
931-486-1000
615-302-0203
931-486-3070
615-384-6177
423-337-9773
423-626-5055
731-855-9559
931-455-6757
731-885-2352
423-884-3690
931-296-3311

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
GINA MARIE WOLFE
JONATHON R MCGUIRE
TED J LYON
JAKE FARIS
SCOTT D YORK
TIM A FUNDERBURK
TIM A FUNDERBURK
DAVID J HARMON
DAVID J HARMON
DAVID J HARMON
DAVID J HARMON
JESSICA J JOHNSON
ALFREDO DEL BARRIO, JR.
RUSSELL W ELLIS
DALE R RAABE
DALE R RAABE
HENRY CHARLES O'REILLY, III
HENRY CHARLES O'REILLY, III
HENRY CHARLES O'REILLY, III
IRMA B CAMPBELL
ALFREDO DEL BARRIO, JR.
STEVE MCKINNEY
STEVE MCKINNEY
CARRIE PEREZ
OSMAN DANA
OSMAN DANA
OSMAN DANA
OSMAN DANA
OSMAN DANA
OSMAN DANA
OSMAN DANA
OSMAN DANA
OSMAN DANA
OSMAN DANA
OSMAN DANA
LEONARD A CARRILLO
HENRY CHARLES O'REILLY, III
CELIA JAIRALA
RICHARD A CASTRO
RICHARD A CASTRO
CELIA JAIRALA
SAM KANTAR
ANTHONY E GRISSETT
ANTHONY E GRISSETT
ANTHONY E GRISSETT
ANTHONY E GRISSETT
ARMINDA L GRISSETT
THOMAS S HARDEMAN
LUIS R HERNANDEZ
ROLAND PARRISH
MICHAEL K VANECEK
MICHAEL K VANECEK
MICHAEL K VANECEK
TODD J GRAFMILLER
KEVIN L LILLY
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
JONATHAN CHAN
IGNACIO DE LEON
IGNACIO DE LEON
IGNACIO DE LEON
IGNACIO DE LEON
CYNTHIA A FERGUSON
CYNTHIA A FERGUSON
CYNTHIA A FERGUSON
JIMMY L FERGUSON
JIMMY L FERGUSON
JIMMY L FERGUSON
JOY D FRANK-SILMON
JOY D FRANK-SILMON
JOY D FRANK-SILMON
EDWARD L LUTITO, JR.
EDWARD L LUTITO, JR.
EDWARD L LUTITO, JR.
EDWARD L LUTITO, JR.
EDWARD L LUTITO, JR.
CARLOS A RODRIGUEZ
CARLOS A RODRIGUEZ
CARLOS A RODRIGUEZ
E WINSTON ROSS, III
E WINSTON ROSS, III
E WINSTON ROSS, III
E. WINSTON ROSS, JR.
JAMIE C STRAZA
JAMIE C STRAZA
JAMIE C STRAZA
JAMIE C STRAZA
JAMIE C STRAZA
JAMIE C STRAZA
MARTIN I WASHINGTON
VERONICA RUANO

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
220 DEXTER WOODS MEMORIAL BLVD, WAYNESBORO, TN 38485
2001 HWY 47 N, WHITE BLUFF, TN 37187
856 HIGHWAY 76, WHITE HOUSE, TN 37188
3624 ROY MESSER HWY, WHITE PINE, TN 37890
21320 HWY 22, WILDERSVILLE, TN 38388
1515 NORTH HWY 41A, WINCHESTER, TN 37398
101 E MAIN ST, WOODBURY, TN 37190
3602 N 1ST ST, ABILENE, TX 79603-6822
4302 BUFFALO GAP RD, ABILENE, TX 79605
1201 N JUDGE ELY, ABILENE, TX 79601-3849
3147 S 14TH ST, ABILENE, TX 79605
3795 BELTLINE RD, ADDISON, TX 75244
1119 W RIDGE ROAD, ALAMO, TX 78516
1018 FRONTAGE RD, ALAMO, TX 78516
1220 E MAIN, ALICE, TX 78332-5049
212 N JOHNSON, ALICE, TX 78332
104 CENTRAL EXPY, ALLEN, TX 75002-2771
815 S ALLEN HEIGHTS DR, ALLEN, TX 75002
370 E STACY RD, ALLEN, TX 75002
900 EAST AVE E, ALPINE, TX 79831
217 N ALTON, ALTON, TX 78573
1103 FM 1462, ALVIN, TX 77511-4053
2150 E STATE HWY 6, ALVIN, TX 77511
400 S BYPASS 35 (WM #0462), ALVIN, TX 77511
2000 S WESTERN AVENUE, AMARILLO, TX 79106-5933
400 E AMARILLO BLVD, AMARILLO, TX 79107-5314
4402 TECKLA BLVD, AMARILLO, TX 79109-5424
1720 S ROSS ST, AMARILLO, TX 79102-4420
3320 COULTER ST, AMARILLO, TX 79109
1815 S GRAND, AMARILLO, TX 79103
6312 HOLLYWOOD RD, AMARILLO, TX 79118
2910 SONCY RD, AMARILLO, TX 79121
715 LAKESIDE DR, AMARILLO, TX 79103
5620 W AMARILLO BLVD, AMARILLO, TX 79124
2694 SW 58TH STREET, AMARILLO, TX 79110
1201 S MAIN STREET, ANDREWS, TX 79714
1317 W WHITE, ANNA, TX 75409
11202 LEOPARD ST, ANNAVILLE, TX 78410
101 S MAIN, ANTHONY, TX 79821
3000 MOUNTAIN PASS, ANTHONY, TX 79821
2475 W WHEELER, ARANSAS PASS, TX 78336
1226 FM 407, ARGYLE, TX 76226
4300 S COOPER, ARLINGTON, TX 76015-4217
5700 FOREST BEND DRIVE, ARLINGTON, TX 76017
5404 S COOPER, ARLINGTON, TX 76017-6108
800 W PIONEER PARKWAY, ARLINGTON, TX 76013
4841 W SUBLETT RD, ARLINGTON, TX 76017
2391 N COLLINS, ARLINGTON, TX 76011-2627
6230 MATLOCK RD, ARLINGTON, TX 76002-2717
2575 E ARKANSAS LN, ARLINGTON, TX 76011
611 W ABRAMS ST, ARLINGTON, TX 76010-1018
1704 W RANDOL MILL RD, ARLINGTON, TX 76012
915 E RANDOL MILL RD (WM #5416), ARLINGTON, TX 76011-6017
6904 FM 1960 E, ATASCOCITA, TX 77346-2706
1105 E TYLER, ATHENS, TX 75751-2145
200 N LOOP 59, ATLANTA, TX 75551
26761 E UNIVERSITY DR, AUBREY, TX 76227
7010 HWY 71 W, AUSTIN, TX 78746-8331
2114 NEW SLAUGHTER, AUSTIN, TX 78748-5981
5017 HWY 290 W (WM #2133), AUSTIN, TX 78735
9300 S I-35 (WM #5317), AUSTIN, TX 78748
13813 BURNET RD, AUSTIN, TX 78727
2608 BRAKER LN W, AUSTIN, TX 78758
15900 N INTERSTATE 35, AUSTIN, TX 78728
13609 N I 35, AUSTIN, TX 78753
12900 N INTERSTATE 35 (WM #3569), AUSTIN, TX 78753
1608 E PARMER LN, AUSTIN, TX 78753
500 W WILLIAM CANNON DR, AUSTIN, TX 78704
13749 N US HWY 183, AUSTIN, TX 78750
7409 NORTH FM 620, AUSTIN, TX 78726
5355 N INTERREGIONAL HWY, AUSTIN, TX 78723
10732 RESEARCH BLVD, AUSTIN, TX 78759
1024 E ANDERSON LN, AUSTIN, TX 78752
12801 FM 620 N, AUSTIN, TX 78750
110 JENA MARIE WAY, AUSTIN, TX 78717
7950 BURNET RD, AUSTIN, TX 78758
9422 N LAMAR BLVD, AUSTIN, TX 78753-4106
12443 METRIC BLVD, AUSTIN, TX 78758-2521
1143 1 2 AIRPORT BLVD, AUSTIN, TX 78721
5762 MOPAC EXPY N, AUSTIN, TX 78731
8500 E HWY 290, AUSTIN, TX 78724-2415
5516 N LAMAR, AUSTIN, TX 78751
303 E OLTORF ST, AUSTIN, TX 78704-5532
2426 E RIVERSIDE, AUSTIN, TX 78741-3035
6503 I 35 S, AUSTIN, TX 78701
4501 E BEN WHITE BLVD, AUSTIN, TX 78714
3909 S CONGRESS AVE, AUSTIN, TX 78704
710 E BEN WHITE (WM #1253), AUSTIN, TX 78704
10525 WEST PARMER LANE, AUSTIN, TX 78717
597 NORTHWEST PKY, AZLE, TX 76020-2913

119

TELEPHONE
931-722-5550
615-797-4853
615-672-2957
865-674-7806
731-967-9015
931-967-2892
615-563-3000
325-673-6564
325-695-2616
325-672-1271
325-691-5902
972-243-4262
956-974-1106
956-283-1130
361-664-8790
361-664-8020
972-727-2701
214-495-9930
214-383-2803
432-837-3640
956-585-6237
281-585-8848
281-667-4912
281-585-6400
806-352-5061
806-372-2366
806-353-1811
806-376-5132
806-332-5403
806-374-4595
806-355-7954
806-352-4890
806-335-3391
806-352-2239
806-679-6356
432-524-2200
214-831-2040
361-242-9103
915-886-2056
915-886-3419
361-758-9060
817-768-5290
817-465-5368
817-572-0091
817-468-1956
817-303-1352
817-516-0333
817-265-9291
817-472-7273
817-274-2755
817-265-2437
817-795-3791
817-276-9993
281-852-1122
903-677-3115
903-796-9211
682-503-7610
512-288-0805
512-282-9581
512-892-8780
512-291-9397
512-244-2996
512-837-8616
512-670-2630
512-989-0908
512-491-9046
512-836-4100
512-443-8443
512-335-8065
512-996-9449
512-452-7473
512-346-5440
512-837-9336
512-219-1194
512-213-0603
512-454-9394
512-837-2772
512-836-8709
512-926-1234
512-451-1550
512-933-1907
512-467-0320
512-442-7717
512-444-9229
512-448-4484
512-912-7511
512-448-9485
512-707-6838
512-248-2322
817-444-1696

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
MARISELLE QUIJANO
ROLAND PARRISH
JASON KINNEY
DANIEL CARREON
ABNER CASAS
ABNER CASAS
MATTHEW KADES
MATTHEW KADES
MATTHEW KADES
MATTHEW KADES
KENNETH P KADES
KENNETH P KADES
KENNETH P KADES
KENNETH P KADES
KENNETH P KADES
KENNETH P KADES
KENNETH P KADES
KENNETH P KADES
DANIEL H MASSEY
WILLIAM T MASSEY
JOY D FRANK-SILMON
ANNA E OQUIN
EDWARD L LUTITO, JR.
LORI BLANTON
LEONARD A CARRILLO
LEONARD A CARRILLO
ANAND KUMAR
OSMAN DANA
VERONICA RUANO
HAMPTON CONLAN
DAVID B WHEALY
TANYEL BENNETT
TANYEL BENNETT
KENNETH P KADES
VERONICA RUANO
SANJAY BHATIA
BARRY COHEN
JORDAN ELLIS
JORDAN ELLIS
JORDAN ELLIS
JORDAN ELLIS
ANNA E OQUIN
ANNA E OQUIN
ANNA E OQUIN
ANNA E OQUIN
ANNA E OQUIN
ERIC K WILSON
STEVE MCKINNEY
STEVE MCKINNEY
JEANIE T SMITH
JEANIE T SMITH
JEANIE T SMITH
DANIEL J KINNEY
JASON KINNEY
JAMIE C STRAZA
KEVIN L LILLY
TRAVIS CLARKE
ELIZABETH JASPER
JENNIFER JASPER
MARIA L LIM
DAVID E FLOYD
STEVE MCKINNEY
JEANEANE M LILLY
OSMAN DANA
JOSE SALAZAR, JR.
FRANK N MENDOZA
JACQUELYN THOMAS
JACQUELYN THOMAS
JOY D FRANK-SILMON
CLIFTON C JOHNSON, II
CHANDA MASSEY
HENRY CHARLES O'REILLY, III
FRANK MENDOZA
DANIEL J KINNEY
THOMAS S HARDEMAN
DAVID LUTITO
MARTIN I WASHINGTON
MARTIN I WASHINGTON
VERA INGRAM
TYROUS INGRAM, III
HENRY CHARLES O'REILLY, III
KEVIN L LILLY
STEVE MCKINNEY
DENNY VARGHESE
PATRICIA A ROETZEL
TODD J GRAFMILLER
DAVID J HARMON
JEANIE T SMITH
JEANIE T SMITH
JEANIE T SMITH

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
4505 HWY 146, BACLIFF, TX 77518
3535 GLENSHIRE DRIVE, BALCH SPRINGS, TX 75180-2215
496 HWY 71 W, BASTROP, TX 78602-3723
2101 7TH ST, BAY CITY, TX 77414-5114
7000 GARTH ROAD, BAYTOWN, TX 77521-9595
1703 I 10 E, BAYTOWN, TX 77521
310 N ALEXANDER DR, BAYTOWN, TX 77520-5805
4503 GARTH RD, BAYTOWN, TX 77520
8910 HWY 146, BAYTOWN, TX 77520
1770 DECKER DRIVE, BAYTOWN, TX 77520
4515 DOWLEN RD, BEAUMONT, TX 77706-6712
190 N I 10, BEAUMONT, TX 77702-2111
1555 I 10 E, BEAUMONT, TX 77701-1115
6380 PHELAN BOULEVARD, BEAUMONT, TX 77706-6159
3050 SOUTH MARTIN LUTHER KING JUNIOR PAR, BEAUMONT, TX 77705
2990 W CARDINAL, BEAUMONT, TX 77705
5580 HWY 105, BEAUMONT, TX 77708
910 S MAJOR, BEAUMONT, TX 77707
3350 HARWOOD ROAD, BEDFORD, TX 76021-3904
2100 CENTRAL PARK BOULEVARD, BEDFORD, TX 76022-6100
12514 W HWY 71, BEE CAVE, TX 78738
2301 N SAINT MARY, BEEVILLE, TX 78102-2436
1601 E 6TH ST, BELTON, TX 76513
8516 HWY 377 S, BENBROOK, TX 76126
2600 S GREGG, BIG SPRING, TX 79720
706 E I-20, BIG SPRING, TX 79720
2241 N CENTER ST, BONHAM, TX 75418
304 S CEDAR, BORGER, TX 79007-4648
307 EAST WISE STREET, BOWIE, TX 76230
2106 S BRIDGE, BRADY, TX 76825-7440
3726 W WALKER, BRECKENRIDGE, TX 76424
500 HIGHWAY 290 W, BRENHAM, TX 77833-5404
2135 HIGHWAY 290 W, BRENHAM, TX 77833
755 TEXAS AVE, BRIDGE CITY, TX 77611-4227
501 US HWY 380, BRIDGEPORT, TX 76426
308 FM 359, BROOKSHIRE, TX 77423
304 LUBBOCK HWY, BROWNFIELD, TX 79316-3652
2260 N EXPY 77, BROWNSVILLE, TX 78501
4484 E 14TH ST, BROWNSVILLE, TX 78521-3240
7400 PADRE ISLAND HWY, BROWNSVILLE, TX 78521
4315 N EXPRESSWAY 77, BROWNSVILLE, TX 78526
101 S EXPRESSWAY, BROWNSVILLE, TX 78520-8049
1104 INTERNATIONAL BLVD, BROWNSVILLE, TX 78520-6844
4690 SOUTHMOST RD, BROWNSVILLE, TX 78520
1609 CENTRAL BLVD, BROWNSVILLE, TX 78520
117 AMERICA DRIVE, BROWNSVILLE, TX 78526
204 E COMMERCE, BROWNWOOD, TX 76801-1634
2930 E HWY 21, BRYAN, TX 77803
700 S TEXAS AVE, BRYAN, TX 77807
825 EAST VILLA MARIA ROAD, BRYAN, TX 77801
451 NORTH HARVEY MITCHELL PKWY, BRYAN, TX 77802
608 N EARL RUDDER PARKWAY, BRYAN, TX 77802
10700 HWY 183 SOUTH, BUDA, TX 78610
3265 RR967, BUDA, TX 78610
15359 I 35, BUDA, TX 78610
441 S CRAIGS DRIVE, BUFFALO, TX 75831
819 SHEPPARD DR, BURKBURNETT, TX 76354
911 SW WILSHIRE BLVD, BURLESON, TX 76028
986 BURLESON BLVD, BURLESON, TX 76028
200 N WATER ST, BURNET, TX 78611
2725 FM1903, CADDO MILLS, TX 75135
303 N GREEN, CALDWELL, TX 77836
2254 TRADE DAYS BLVD, CANTON, TX 75103
200 23RD ST, CANYON, TX 79015
8036 FM 2673, CANYON LAKE, TX 78133
503 N 1ST ST, CARRIZO SPRINGS, TX 78834
4125 JOSEY LN, CARROLLTON, TX 75007
4805 N JOSEY LANE, CARROLLTON, TX 75010
1050 W FRANKFORD, CARROLLTON, TX 75007-4845
2151 N JOSEY LN, CARROLLTON, TX 75006-2968
1753 S INTERSTATE 35E, CARROLLTON, TX 75006
1415 W PANOLA ST, CARTHAGE, TX 75633-2347
801 HWY 90 W, CASTROVILLE, TX 78009
2850 HIGHWAY 71 WEST, CEDAR CREEK, TX 78612
201 FM 1382, CEDAR HILL, TX 75104
2733 E WHITESTONE BLVD, CEDAR PARK, TX 78613
1103 N BELL, CEDAR PARK, TX 78613-7087
1410 CYPRESS CREEK RD, CEDAR PARK, TX 78613
994 S PRESTON RD, CELINA, TX 75009
4565 S PRESTON RD, CELINA, TX 75009
812 HURST STREET, CENTER, TX 75935
710 STATE HWY 31 E, CHANDLER, TX 75758
406 SHELDON RD, CHANNELVIEW, TX 77530-3504
2111 AVE F NW US 287, CHILDRESS, TX 79201
2206 N MAIN, CLEBURNE, TX 76031
441 W SOUTHLINE, CLEVELAND, TX 77327-5030
1700 N ACCESS ROAD, CLYDE, TX 79510
801 UNIVERSITY DR W, COLLEGE STATION, TX 77840
2420 TEXAS AVE, COLLEGE STATION, TX 77840
1750 ROCK PRAIRIE RD, COLLEGE STATION, TX 77845

120

TELEPHONE
281-339-5949
972-286-9056
512-321-1591
979-244-4290
281-421-4950
281-843-2020
281-427-3851
281-420-6082
281-576-5977
281-420-3553
409-898-3552
409-835-3183
409-832-3673
409-866-7272
409-242-1730
409-842-6073
409-899-5192
409-861-4121
817-399-0097
817-354-5863
512-263-8083
361-358-4770
254-939-7807
817-249-2773
432-264-7730
432-264-7552
903-640-1800
806-274-4528
940-872-6177
325-597-7211
254-559-3313
979-836-7797
979-277-9241
409-735-7503
940-683-0165
281-934-8886
806-637-8929
956-544-4800
956-542-5088
956-831-4505
956-350-2527
956-541-1031
956-544-8406
956-443-4781
956-504-9442
956-554-9821
325-641-1408
979-778-7281
979-822-1548
979-822-3011
979-823-2150
979-774-4325
512-398-9499
737-292-5007
512-312-2383
903-322-1010
940-569-0106
817-295-6373
817-295-3281
512-715-0066
903-527-3940
979-567-0605
903-567-5517
806-655-9502
830-227-5650
830-876-5400
972-395-9066
469-799-2447
972-492-8727
972-245-2924
972-245-1797
903-693-9531
830-538-2000
512-247-9993
972-291-7881
512-260-4053
512-259-5770
512-336-1999
972-382-8566
469-907-8626
936-591-0400
903-515-2100
281-452-0785
940-937-3622
817-202-9013
281-592-4144
325-893-1492
979-846-8920
979-696-9346
979-695-0200

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
JEANIE T SMITH
JEANIE T SMITH
DANIEL H MASSEY
CARLA J MOORE
FABIOLA DIAZ STAGG
ANAND KUMAR
JENNIFER BUTKEVICH
JENNIFER BUTKEVICH
KENNETH P KADES
KENNETH P KADES
KENNETH P KADES
KENNETH P KADES
KENNETH P KADES
STEVE MCKINNEY
STEVE MCKINNEY
LUIS ANTONIO A ACOSTA
NEDRICK L STAGG
NEDRICK L STAGG
CLIFTON C JOHNSON, II
CLIFTON C JOHNSON, II
HAMPTON CONLAN
LUIS ANTONIO A ACOSTA
LUIS ANTONIO A ACOSTA
LUIS ANTONIO A ACOSTA
LUIS ANTONIO A ACOSTA
LUIS ANTONIO A ACOSTA
MARIA VICTORIA ACOSTA
MARIA VICTORIA ACOSTA
MARIA VICTORIA ACOSTA
MARIA VICTORIA ACOSTA
MARIA VICTORIA ACOSTA
CELIA JAIRALA
CELIA JAIRALA
CELIA JAIRALA
DAVID E FLOYD
DAVID E FLOYD
KEVIN L LILLY
MARTHA MENDOZA ESTATE
JONATHAN CHAN
KEVIN L LILLY
JILL R CASAS
TYROUS INGRAM, III
ELIZABETH JASPER
ROBERT WEZEMAN
DEANNA DE LA GARZA
DEANNA DE LA GARZA
DAVID GARCIA
DAVID GARCIA
DAVID B GLASER
DAVID GUTIERREZ
DAVID GUTIERREZ
DAVID GUTIERREZ
DAVID GUTIERREZ
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
OSMAN DANA
LISA MONTGOMERY
JONATHAN CHAN
JONATHAN CHAN
JONATHAN CHAN
JONATHAN CHAN
JONATHAN CHAN
JONATHAN CHAN
LISA DRIBBEN
DAVID E FLOYD
JONNETTA L HARDIN
LUIS R HERNANDEZ
LUIS R HERNANDEZ
LUIS R HERNANDEZ
LUIS R HERNANDEZ
LUIS R HERNANDEZ
CLIFTON C JOHNSON, II
CLIFTON C JOHNSON, II
ANAND KUMAR
ANAND KUMAR
ANAND KUMAR
ANAND KUMAR
ANAND KUMAR
ANAND KUMAR
ANAND KUMAR
ROLAND PARRISH
ROLAND PARRISH
ROLAND PARRISH
ROLAND PARRISH
ROLAND PARRISH
ROLAND PARRISH
ROLAND PARRISH
ROLAND PARRISH
ROLAND PARRISH
ROLAND PARRISH
RANDALL M RICHARD

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
4440 STATE HWY 6 SOUTH, COLLEGE STATION, TX 77845
1015 WELLBORN RD, COLLEGE STATION, TX 77840
5609 COLLEYVILLE BLVD, COLLEYVILLE, TX 76034
2421 HWY 71 S, COLUMBUS, TX 78934-9205
43 US HWY 87, COMFORT, TX 78013
2102 LIVE OAK STREET, COMMERCE, TX 75428-2438
801 W LOOP 336, CONROE, TX 77301
909 W DAVIS, CONROE, TX 77301-2708
8001 HWY 242, CONROE, TX 77385
1200 LEAGUE LINE RD, CONROE, TX 77303
11000 E DAVIS, CONROE, TX 77306
2640 N LOOP 336, CONROE, TX 77304
10270 HIGHWAY 242, CONROE, TX 77385
318 FM 1488, CONROE, TX 77384
316 S LOOP 336 W, CONROE, TX 77304
7975 KITTY HAWK ROAD, CONVERSE, TX 78109-1676
9151 FM 78, CONVERSE, TX 78109
1852 N FOSTER ROAD, CONVERSE, TX 78109
125 S DENTON TAP RD, COPPELL, TX 75019-3204
813 MACARTHUR BLVD, COPPELL, TX 75019
1418 E HWY 190, COPPERAS COVE, TX 76522
4101 LEOPARD ST, CORPUS CHRISTI, TX 78408-2825
4102 S PORT AVE, CORPUS CHRISTI, TX 78415-5310
2021 MORGAN AVE, CORPUS CHRISTI, TX 78405-1541
1610 S PADRE ISLAND DR, CORPUS CHRISTI, TX 78416
7522 S STAPLES, CORPUS CHRISTI, TX 78414
4031 SARATOGA BLVD, CORPUS CHRISTI, TX 78415
5560 S PADRE ISLAND DR, CORPUS CHRISTI, TX 78411-4108
4730 S ALAMEDA, CORPUS CHRISTI, TX 78412
1522 RODDFIELD ROAD, CORPUS CHRISTI, TX 78412
6306 SARATOGA, CORPUS CHRISTI, TX 78414
3211 S PADRE ISLAND DR, CORPUS CHRISTI, TX 78415-2902
3745 S STAPLES, CORPUS CHRISTI, TX 78411
2222 S STAPLES, CORPUS CHRISTI, TX 78404
1934 MARTIN LUTHER KING BLVD, CORSICANA, TX 75110
3900 W 7TH STREET, CORSICANA, TX 75110
3500 W 7TH ST (WM #565), CORSICANA, TX 75110
719 N IH 35, COTULLA, TX 78014
181 N FM148, CRANDALL, TX 75114
1115 LOOP 304, CROCKETT, TX 75835
13770 FM 2100, CROSBY, TX 77532
11201 US HWY 380, CROSS ROADS, TX 76227
464 E MAIN, CROWLEY, TX 76036
104 E BROADWAY ST, CUERO, TX 77954
10912 FRY RD, CYPRESS, TX 77433
9715 BARKER CYPRESS ROAD, CYPRESS, TX 77433
28624 NORTHWEST FREEWAY, CYPRESS, TX 77433
8779 FRY RD, CYPRESS, TX 77433
22302 FM 529 RD, CYPRESS, TX 77433
13300 LOUETTA ROAD, CYPRESS, TX 77429
25666 NORTHWEST FREEWAY, CYPRESS, TX 77429
26270 NORTHWEST FWY (WM #5091), CYPRESS, TX 77429
12817 TELGE RD, CYPRESS, TX 77429
607 LINDA DR, DAINGERFIELD, TX 75638
612 TENNESSEE AVE, DALHART, TX 79022-3828
17250 PRESTON RD, DALLAS, TX 75252
13105 MONTFORT DR, DALLAS, TX 75240-5112
2475 ROYAL LN, DALLAS, TX 75229-3416
11749 PLANO RD, DALLAS, TX 75243
3520 STOREY LN, DALLAS, TX 75220
7401 SAMUELL BLVD (WM #2667), DALLAS, TX 75228-6166
9301 FOREST LN (WM #2427), DALLAS, TX 75243
2551 GUS THOMASSON RD, DALLAS, TX 75228
5337 E GRAND AVE, DALLAS, TX 75223
10320 LAKE JUNE ROAD, DALLAS, TX 75217
5722 W LOVERS LN, DALLAS, TX 75209-5116
2197 W NORTHWEST HWY, DALLAS, TX 75225
7007 WHEATLAND, DALLAS, TX 75249-1067
8390 N STEMMONS, DALLAS, TX 75247
1717 W MOCKINGBIRD LN, DALLAS, TX 75038
14770 PRESTON RD, DALLAS, TX 75240
18121 MARSH LANE (WM #2996), DALLAS, TX 75287
705 W JEFFERSON, DALLAS, TX 75208-4926
7233 JOHN W CARPENTER FREEWAY, DALLAS, TX 75247
450 MERRIFIELD RD, DALLAS, TX 75211
8333 S LANCASTER RD, DALLAS, TX 75241
1415 E ILLINOIS, DALLAS, TX 75212
8606 SKILLMAN ST, DALLAS, TX 75243
3026 HAMPTON RD, DALLAS, TX 75212
8117 E RL THORNTON FWY, DALLAS, TX 75228-7003
125 W CAMP WISDOM, DALLAS, TX 75232-3662
1808 S BELTLINE RD, DALLAS, TX 75253-4907
2570 W REDBIRD LN, DALLAS, TX 75236
8055 S LOOP 12, DALLAS, TX 75217-6641
10720 PRESTON RD, DALLAS, TX 75230-3807
11102 CENTRAL EXPY, DALLAS, TX 75243
2215 S BUCKNER BLVD, DALLAS, TX 75201
4330 DALLAS FT WORTH TURNPIKE, DALLAS, TX 75211
2747 FORT WORTH AVE, DALLAS, TX 75211
13040 COIT RD, DALLAS, TX 75240-5724

121

TELEPHONE
979-690-2193
979-693-3777
817-656-4100
979-732-8293
830-995-5621
903-886-7771
346-293-0394
936-756-0114
936-321-5522
936-856-7716
936-756-5059
936-756-2000
936-267-4916
936-266-0116
936-494-2983
210-659-7513
210-566-9922
726-999-3732
972-462-7881
972-304-9348
254-547-8212
361-884-8601
361-855-2531
361-882-1411
361-225-0511
361-906-2260
361-855-0876
361-992-5214
361-985-8018
361-906-0882
361-991-1528
361-852-6877
361-857-2373
361-882-8289
903-874-3104
903-644-1671
903-872-3312
830-879-4711
325-274-4268
936-544-8008
281-328-4132
940-365-9180
817-297-7092
361-275-9886
281-758-1934
281-758-2125
281-758-2194
325-218-4846
281-816-3019
832-717-0755
281-256-6335
281-256-7401
281-304-2071
903-645-2933
806-249-4006
972-380-5609
972-233-5952
972-243-7833
214-343-9609
214-350-8620
214-319-8751
214-575-4788
214-660-9950
214-827-1079
972-557-1449
214-350-7731
972-556-1398
972-298-9266
214-630-5399
972-982-7817
972-233-8788
972-820-5893
214-946-0000
214-634-3456
214-330-0327
972-224-4021
214-374-4000
214-349-9672
214-905-3985
214-327-6353
214-372-5981
972-557-5025
214-467-4485
214-391-4133
214-373-0794
214-691-7879
214-381-4343
214-331-2262
214-330-0795
972-231-3337

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
RANDALL M RICHARD
JEFFREY D SMITH
JEFFREY D SMITH
MICHAEL K VANECEK
CRAIG YORK
CRAIG YORK
CRAIG YORK
CRAIG YORK
CRAIG YORK
CRAIG YORK
CRAIG YORK
CRAIG YORK
CRAIG YORK
CRAIG YORK
CRAIG YORK
CRAIG YORK
CRAIG YORK
CRAIG YORK
JILL R CASAS
VERONICA RUANO
MATTHEW KADES
RACHEL KADES
NELLY QUIJANO
FRANK N MENDOZA
FRANK N MENDOZA
SARA L GALLARDO
TYROUS INGRAM, III
TYROUS INGRAM, III
TYROUS INGRAM, III
TYROUS INGRAM, III
TYROUS INGRAM, III
TYROUS INGRAM, III
KENNETH D FADKE
LUIS R HERNANDEZ
ALBERTO ROMERO
RICHARD ACOSTA
KAREN LOPEZ MCWILLIAMS
KAREN LOPEZ MCWILLIAMS
KAREN LOPEZ MCWILLIAMS
ROLAND PARRISH
ROLAND PARRISH
WARREN SPANN
ALFREDO DEL BARRIO, JR.
JOY D FRANK-SILMON
OSMAN DANA
ROLAND PARRISH
JEFFREY D SMITH
FRANK N MENDOZA
ELENA PACHECO
MANUEL PACHECO
MARK E SCHMID
DAVID B WHEALY
ALFREDO DEL BARRIO, JR.
RUSSELL W ELLIS
RUSSELL W ELLIS
DALE R RAABE
WARREN SPANN
WARREN SPANN
RICHARD A CASTRO
RICHARD A CASTRO
RICHARD A CASTRO
RICHARD A CASTRO
RICHARD A CASTRO
RICHARD A CASTRO
RICHARD A CASTRO
RICHARD A CASTRO
RICHARD A CASTRO
RICHARD A CASTRO
RICHARD A CASTRO
RICHARD A CASTRO
RICHARD A CASTRO
RICHARD A CASTRO
RICHARD A CASTRO
RICHARD A CASTRO
RICHARD A CASTRO
RICHARD A CASTRO
RICHARD A CASTRO
RICHARD A CASTRO
RICHARD A CASTRO
VINCENT CASTRO
WILLIAM STORY
JIMMY L FERGUSON
DALE R RAABE
DAVID E FLOYD
DAVID E FLOYD
WILLIAM T MASSEY
ANTHONY E GRISSETT
DION JERALDO CASTRO
WILLIAM YOUNG
DALE R RAABE

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
310 W KIEST, DALLAS, TX 75224
4223 W ILLINOIS, DALLAS, TX 75211-8458
2407 S HAMPTON RD, DALLAS, TX 75233
8435 S HAMPTON, DALLAS, TX 75232
5934 ABRAMS RD, DALLAS, TX 75231-8002
4439 LEMMON AVE, DALLAS, TX 75219-2143
650 N RIVERFRONT BLVD, DALLAS, TX 75207
1000 COMMERCE ST, DALLAS, TX 75202-3716
3310 AL LIPSCOMB WAY, DALLAS, TX 75210
5960 GREENVILLE AVE, DALLAS, TX 75206-1907
5403 ROSS AVE, DALLAS, TX 75206-7420
10695 E NORTHWEST HWY, DALLAS, TX 75238
11217 GARLAND RD, DALLAS, TX 75218
3802 GASTON AVE, DALLAS, TX 75246
4151 N CENTRAL EXPY, DALLAS, TX 75206
632 S RL THORNTON FWY, DALLAS, TX 75203
9403 GARLAND ROAD, DALLAS, TX 75218
6950 GREENVILLE AVE, DALLAS, TX 75231
210 HWY 90 W, DAYTON, TX 77535
908 HWY 380, DECATUR, TX 76234
7005 HWY 225, DEER PARK, TX 77536
1305 CENTER, DEER PARK, TX 77536-4169
9025 SPENCER HWY (WM #5116), DEER PARK, TX 77536
1701 VETERANS BLVD, DEL RIO, TX 78840-3346
1504 E GIBBS, DEL RIO, TX 78840
600 HWY 75 N, DENISON, TX 75020-1323
306 W UNIVERSITY DR, DENTON, TX 76201-1840
2930 W UNIVERSITY, DENTON, TX 76207
5016 TEASLEY LANE, DENTON, TX 76210
2120 LOOP 288, DENTON, TX 76205
735 FORT WORTH DR, DENTON, TX 76205
3981 N LOOP 288, DENTON, TX 76208
515 W BROADWAY, DENVER CITY, TX 79323
804 N HAMPTON RD, DESOTO, TX 75115
909 N BECKLEY AVE, DESOTO, TX 75115-4207
1009 EAST HONDO STREET, DEVINE, TX 78016
DFW AIRPORT - DFW TERM C GATE 22, DFW AIRPORT, TX 76261
DFW AIRPORT - DFW TERM D GATE 34, DFW AIRPORT, TX 75261
DFW AIRPORT - DFW TERM B GATE 41, DFW AIRPORT, TX 75261
DFW AIRPORT - DFW TERM A GATE 16, DFW AIRPORT, TX 75261
DFW AIRPORT - DFW TERM A GATE 35, DFW AIRPORT, TX 75261
3706 GULF FREEWAY, DICKINSON, TX 77539-6318
602 N D SALINAS BLVD, DONNA, TX 78537
333 E HIGHWAY 290, DRIPPING SPRINGS, TX 78620
1400 DUMAS AVE, DUMAS, TX 79029-5516
806 S COCKRELL HILL RD, DUNCANVILLE, TX 75137
120 W I-20, DUNCANVILLE, TX 75116
2130 MAIN ST, EAGLE PASS, TX 78852-4419
2401 DEL RIO BLVD, EAGLE PASS, TX 78852
1860 S VETERANS BOULEVARD, EAGLE PASS, TX 78852
350 E WALNUT ST, EAST BERNARD, TX 77435
1490 E MAIN ST, EASTLAND, TX 76448-3023
401 E TRENTON, EDINBURG, TX 78539
2120 W UNIVERSITY DR, EDINBURG, TX 78539
1605 E UNIVERSITY DR, EDINBURG, TX 78539
202 W MONTE CRISTO RD, EDINBURG, TX 78541
817 N WELLS ST, EDNA, TX 77957-2315
1240 N MECHANIC, EL CAMPO, TX 77437-2614
5305 E PAISANO, EL PASO, TX 79905
1100 YARBROUGH DR, EL PASO, TX 79925-7902
8675 ALAMEDA AVENUE, EL PASO, TX 79907-6130
7110 GATEWAY E, EL PASO, TX 79915-1201
7392 ALAMEDA AVENUE, EL PASO, TX 79915
5620 MONTANA AVENUE, EL PASO, TX 79925
1274 HORIZON BLVD, EL PASO, TX 79927-4840
625 N ZARAGOZA, EL PASO, TX 79901
9451 ALAMEDA AVENUE, EL PASO, TX 79907
7101 GATEWAY BLVD (WM #2201), EL PASO, TX 79925
430 N YARBROUGH, EL PASO, TX 79907
9441 ALAMEDA AVE (WM #0964), EL PASO, TX 79907
1080 SUNLAND PARK DR, EL PASO, TX 79922
217 E PAISANO, EL PASO, TX 79901
7555 N MESA ST (WM #1015), EL PASO, TX 79912
10727 GATEWAY WEST (WM #512), EL PASO, TX 79935
12236 MONTANA AVE (WM #3763), EL PASO, TX 79938
11260 MONTANA AVENUE, EL PASO, TX 79936
7001 S DESERT BLVD, EL PASO, TX 79932
12181 EASTLAKE BLVD, EL PASO, TX 79928
12726 MONTANA AVE, EL PASO, TX 79938
6450 DESERT BOULEVARD M, EL PASO, TX 79912
4530 WOODROW BEAN (WM #0500), EL PASO, TX 79924
220 HWY 290, ELGIN, TX 78621
112 E EDINBURG AVE, ELSA, TX 78543
1203 E ENNIS AVE, ENNIS, TX 75119-5120
2200 W LAKE BARDWELL DR, ENNIS, TX 75119
105 SPUR 350, EULESS, TX 76039
521 S RACE STREET, EVERMAN, TX 76140
1251 N FABENS, FABENS, TX 79838
669 W HWY 84, FAIRFIELD, TX 75840-9512
118 NORTH HIGHWAY 281, FALFURRIAS, TX 78355

122

TELEPHONE
214-371-6090
214-330-4873
214-467-8351
972-709-6363
214-272-3748
214-522-0697
214-651-7830
469-227-8533
214-428-7470
214-369-6256
214-827-6800
214-340-6031
214-320-1990
214-827-4021
214-219-0562
214-946-1413
214-484-3961
214-484-2837
936-258-7067
940-627-5950
281-478-5200
281-478-6980
281-478-0460
830-774-4505
830-703-8594
903-465-5075
940-387-3624
940-380-0116
940-566-6393
940-591-7850
940-323-0606
940-354-3617
806-592-7488
972-274-3300
972-228-9220
830-665-4900
972-973-4794
972-973-4364
972-973-7842
972-973-7312
972-973-7372
281-337-3390
956-461-3388
512-858-9920
806-934-0198
972-709-6780
972-298-3500
830-773-5141
830-752-1776
830-758-0781
979-532-1117
254-629-3613
956-292-0161
956-316-3333
956-387-0516
956-383-0698
361-782-2005
979-543-7054
915-778-8100
915-591-8668
915-859-9108
915-772-9684
915-775-3528
915-775-3515
915-858-6048
915-859-4910
915-859-2640
915-778-5417
915-590-8704
915-859-4026
915-587-5141
915-532-1903
915-584-8890
915-595-9969
915-857-3400
915-629-2027
915-877-2843
915-860-7322
915-345-7226
915-585-1174
915-759-0552
512-281-3490
956-262-3226
972-875-7600
469-881-1815
817-571-4401
682-707-5388
915-764-3255
903-389-8829
361-325-2151

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
JONATHAN CHAN
KEVA CHILDRESS
KEVA CHILDRESS
ROBERT WEZEMAN
NEDRICK L STAGG
CELIA JAIRALA
JONATHAN C KELLEY
JONATHAN C KELLEY
WILLIAM T MASSEY
LISA DRIBBEN
LISA DRIBBEN
WILLIAM STORY
LORI BLANTON
LORI BLANTON
LORI BLANTON
LORI BLANTON
LORI BLANTON
LORI BLANTON
JOY D FRANK-SILMON
MARTHA HARTMAN
VERA INGRAM
ELIZABETH JASPER
ELIZABETH JASPER
ELIZABETH JASPER
ELIZABETH JASPER
JENNIFER JASPER
JENNIFER JASPER
JENNIFER JASPER
KAREN M JASPER
JOSEPH P JASPER, JR.
SAM KANTAR
SAM KANTAR
SAM KANTAR
SAM KANTAR
SAM KANTAR
SAM KANTAR
SAM KANTAR
KAREN LOPEZ MCWILLIAMS
CHANDA MASSEY
CHANDA MASSEY
DANIEL H MASSEY
DANIEL H MASSEY
DANIEL H MASSEY
DANIEL H MASSEY
DANIEL H MASSEY
DANIEL H MASSEY
WILLIAM T MASSEY
ALBERTO ROMERO
MICHAEL K VANECEK
MICHAEL K VANECEK
MICHAEL K VANECEK
KEVIN MAZZU
MATTHEW KADES
MATTHEW KADES
NELLY QUIJANO
VERA INGRAM
VERA INGRAM
VERA INGRAM
TYROUS INGRAM, III
TYROUS INGRAM, III
TYROUS INGRAM, III
HENRY CHARLES O'REILLY, III
VERA INGRAM
DAVID B GLASER
SARA L GALLARDO
NELLY QUIJANO
KEVA CHILDRESS
LISA DRIBBEN
ANAND KUMAR
ANAND KUMAR
LYNETTE CONLAN
LUIS ANTONIO A ACOSTA
DAVID B GLASER
EST OF DENNIS M MEYER
MARTIN I WASHINGTON
KEVIN J MOORE
HENRY CHARLES O'REILLY, III
HENRY CHARLES O'REILLY, III
JENNIFER SHARP
ROBERT WEZEMAN
DAVID B WHEALY
CHANDA MASSEY
DANIEL H MASSEY
LORI BLANTON
JONATHAN CHAN
THOMAS R HARDEMAN
THOMAS R HARDEMAN
THOMAS R HARDEMAN
THOMAS S HARDEMAN
ROLAND PARRISH

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
13950 MIDWAY RD, FARMERS BRANCH, TX 75234
1801 W AUDIE MURPHY PKWY, FARMERSVILLE, TX 75442
5020 E I-30, FATE, TX 75189
709 N LAGRANGE, FLATONIA, TX 78941
530 10TH ST, FLORESVILLE, TX 78114-3126
1229 WALDRON, FLOUR BLUFF, TX 78418
2109 LONG PRAIRIE RD, FLOWER MOUND, TX 75022
3601 FM 407, FLOWER MOUND, TX 75077
3200 SE LOOP 820, FOREST HILL, TX 76140
102 E US HWY 80, FORNEY, TX 75126-8663
60 FM 1641, FORNEY, TX 75126
1500 N US HWY 285, FORT STOCKTON, TX 79735
2250 E LOOP 820, FORT WORTH, TX 76112-4013
4405 SW LOOP 820, FORT WORTH, TX 76132
6401 CAMP BOWIE BOULEVARD, FORT WORTH, TX 76116
5901 BRYANT IRVIN ROAD, FORT WORTH, TX 76132
4375 RISINGER ROAD, FORT WORTH, TX 76123
3300 HULEN ST, FORT WORTH, TX 76107
14100 CENTRE STATION DRIVE, FORT WORTH, TX 76155
9559 CLIFFORD AVE, FORT WORTH, TX 76108
4101 E LANCASTER AVE, FORT WORTH, TX 76103
3500 ALTA MESA BLVD, FORT WORTH, TX 76133-5602
700 E BERRY ST, FORT WORTH, TX 76110
2908 CHAPEL CREEK BLVD, FORT WORTH, TX 76108
1908 W EVERMAN PKWY, FORT WORTH, TX 76134
3012 W BERRY STREET, FORT WORTH, TX 76109
3000 E BERRY STREET, FORT WORTH, TX 76119
5421 SYCAMORE SCHOOL RD, FORT WORTH, TX 76123
4800 SOUTH FWY, FORT WORTH, TX 76115
8651 S FREEWAY, FORT WORTH, TX 76140
2832 N MAIN ST, FORT WORTH, TX 76106-7106
2451 MEACHAM BOULEVARD, FORT WORTH, TX 76106
3041 WESTERN CENTER, FORT WORTH, TX 76131
9945 BLUE MOUND RD, FORT WORTH, TX 76179
15957 N FREEWAY, FORT WORTH, TX 76177
8551 BOAT CLUB RD #121, FORT WORTH, TX 76179
1280 TX-114, FORT WORTH, TX 76247
1500 S MAIN ST (HOSPITAL), FORT WORTH, TX 76104
525 ALTA MERE DRIVE, FORT WORTH, TX 76116
12540 NO BEACH ST, FORT WORTH, TX 76248
3901 AIRPORT FREEWAY, FORT WORTH, TX 76111-5938
3601 CAMP BOWIE BLVD, FORT WORTH, TX 76107
4420 WESTERN CENTER BLVD, FORT WORTH, TX 76137
2400 ALLIANCE GATEWAY FREEWAY, FORT WORTH, TX 76178
3250 HERITAGE TRACE PARKWAY, FORT WORTH, TX 76248
101 ROBERTS CUT OFF ROAD, FORT WORTH, TX 76114
2248 JACKSBORO HWY, FORT WORTH, TX 76106
5253 GOLDEN TRIANGLE BLVD, FORT WORTH, TX 76244
1420 EASTCHASE PKY, FORT WORTH, TX 76112
6356 JACKSBORO HWY, FORT WORTH, TX 76135
13124 HWY 287, FORT WORTH, TX 76052
611 E MAIN ST, FREDERICKSBURG, TX 78624
302 S FRIENDSWOOD DR, FRIENDSWOOD, TX 77546-3904
100 W PARKWOOD AVE, FRIENDSWOOD, TX 77546
150 W EL DORADO BLVD (WM #1062), FRIENDSWOOD, TX 77546
8970 PRESTON RD, FRISCO, TX 75034
4360 LEGACY DR, FRISCO, TX 75034
8888 TEEL PARKWAY, FRISCO, TX 75034
5615 ELDORADO PRKWY, FRISCO, TX 75034
16125 ELDORADO, FRISCO, TX 75035
5555 FM 423, FRISCO, TX 75034
6225 CUSTER ROAD, FRISCO, TX 75035
5124 N TARRANT PARKWAY, FT WORTH, TX 76244
6748 FM 1463 RD, FULSHEAR, TX 77441
514 W CALIFORNIA, GAINESVILLE, TX 76240-3802
1812 CLINTON DRIVE, GALENA PARK, TX 77547
119 E BUCKINGHAM, GARLAND, TX 75040-4707
3205 S GARLAND, GARLAND, TX 75041
3310 LAVON DR, GARLAND, TX 75040
190 SHILOH, GARLAND, TX 75044
2302 MAIN ST, GATESVILLE, TX 76528-1732
4066 HIGHWAY 59, GEORGE WEST, TX 78022
2981 FM1460, GEORGETOWN, TX 78626
806 N AUSTIN AVE, GEORGETOWN, TX 78626-4212
4418 WILLIAMS DR, GEORGETOWN, TX 78628
2146 E AUSTIN, GIDDINGS, TX 78942
1700 N WOOD STREET, GILMER, TX 75644
1100 E BROADWAY, GLADEWATER, TX 75647
2130 E US HIGHWAY 67, GLEN ROSE, TX 76043
309 W HIGHWAY 90A, GONZALES, TX 78629
1701 HWY 16 S, GRAHAM, TX 76450-4607
3908 HWY 377 EAST, GRANBURY, TX 76049
1101 S MORGAN, GRANBURY, TX 76048-2814
813 E MAIN, GRAND PRAIRIE, TX 75050
2225 W I-20 (WM #0896), GRAND PRAIRIE, TX 75052
3902 S GREAT SW PKY, GRAND PRAIRIE, TX 75051-7274
102 W HWY 303, GRAND PRAIRIE, TX 75051
308 WESTCHASE DR, GRAND PRAIRIE, TX 75052
3031 W CAMP WISDOM ROAD, GRAND PRAIRIE, TX 75053
2810 NE GREEN OAKS, GRAND PRAIRIE, TX 75050

123

TELEPHONE
972-458-1952
972-784-9029
469-874-4220
361-865-3730
830-393-9393
361-939-7907
972-874-8021
972-874-2368
817-535-6035
972-552-9332
972-552-9093
432-336-9705
817-451-9966
817-292-5663
817-732-6922
817-294-9484
817-361-0553
817-735-1970
817-283-7028
817-246-5880
817-535-0545
817-292-5620
817-921-6315
817-615-9858
817-862-7600
817-921-2202
817-413-0059
817-361-1050
817-924-0421
817-293-1672
817-625-4228
817-625-8825
817-232-8027
817-768-4655
682-831-9927
817-591-1731
817-591-1689
817-927-3683
817-735-9415
817-741-1811
817-834-2179
817-377-9260
817-847-5959
817-337-9696
817-750-3250
817-886-2082
817-624-2976
817-678-7905
817-801-3062
817-237-7245
817-439-8023
830-997-7600
281-996-8284
281-482-6588
281-280-8180
972-335-9479
972-731-5808
214-705-1512
214-705-0935
972-540-9480
214-469-1605
214-383-1846
817-428-4118
281-394-7272
940-665-0218
713-672-9282
972-495-7752
972-278-1150
972-496-6452
972-530-3430
254-865-8884
361-449-1230
512-819-0962
512-930-1952
512-863-9922
979-542-0225
903-843-5276
903-845-9910
254-401-0010
830-672-2672
940-549-5117
817-579-9676
817-573-0206
972-266-3811
972-352-5454
972-641-7323
972-237-9654
972-237-5616
817-652-4450
817-649-1999

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
DANIEL H MASSEY
DAVID E FLOYD
DAVID E FLOYD
HAMPTON CONLAN
KENNETH P KADES
KEVIN L LILLY
HENRY CHARLES O'REILLY, III
RANDALL M RICHARD
EDWARD L LUTITO, JR.
EDWARD L LUTITO, JR.
JORDAN ELLIS
JORDAN ELLIS
JORDAN ELLIS
STEVE MCKINNEY
STEVE MCKINNEY
IGNACIO DE LEON
KEVIN J MOORE
KEVIN J MOORE
KEVIN T SCHUSTER
SUSAN E CREDLE
SUSAN E CREDLE
ANTHONY E GRISSETT
FRANK N MENDOZA
RICHARD A CASTRO
RICHARD A CASTRO
BRADLEY ADCOCK
BRADLEY ADCOCK
BRADLEY ADCOCK
DOUGLAS R ADCOCK
APRIL B BELL
TANYEL BENNETT
TANYEL BENNETT
TANYEL BENNETT
DENISE BENTHAM
DENISE BENTHAM
DENISE BENTHAM
DENISE BENTHAM
DENISE BENTHAM
DENISE BENTHAM
GARY L BOLEN
GARY L BOLEN
GARY L BOLEN
STUART W BROWN
STUART W BROWN
TIFFANY CHOMA
DEANNA DE LA GARZA
DEANNA DE LA GARZA
DEANNA DE LA GARZA
DEANNA DE LA GARZA
DAVID B GLASER
DAVID B GLASER
DAVID B GLASER
PHYLLIS TRUDY GLASER
LAURIE GLASER-SWIFT
LAURIE GLASER-SWIFT
LAURIE GLASER-SWIFT
LAURIE GLASER-SWIFT
DAVID GUTIERREZ
DAVID GUTIERREZ
DAVID GUTIERREZ
DAVID GUTIERREZ
DAVID GUTIERREZ
DAVID GUTIERREZ
DAVID GUTIERREZ
DAVID GUTIERREZ
MICHAEL D GUTIERREZ
KENNETH P KADES
KENNETH P KADES
KENNETH P KADES
MATTHEW KADES
MATTHEW KADES
MERLE T KEISER
MERLE T KEISER
MERLE T KEISER
HOWARD A KELLY
STEVE MCKINNEY
STEVE MCKINNEY
STEVE MCKINNEY
STEVE MCKINNEY
STEVE MCKINNEY
CARLA J MOORE
CARLA J MOORE
CARLA J MOORE
CARLA J MOORE
KEVIN J MOORE
KEVIN J MOORE
KEVIN J MOORE
DANIEL J MOSS
DAVE J MOSS, III
DAVE J MOSS, III

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
5345 WILLIAM D TATE, GRAPEVINE, TX 76051
4705 MOULTON STREET, GREENVILLE, TX 75401-6091
7600 WESLEY ST, GREENVILLE, TX 75402
412 E YEAGUA ST, GROESBECK, TX 76642
4500 TWIN CITY HIGHWAY, GROVES, TX 77619-3036
104 W MAIN ST, GUNBARREL, TX 75147
404 W MAIN, HALLSVILLE, TX 75650-5180
5641 E BELKNAP, HALTOM CITY, TX 76117
630 INDIAN TRL, HARKER HEIGHTS, TX 76548
920 EAST KNIGHTS WAY, HARKER HEIGHTS, TX 76548
602 N SUNSHINE STRIP, HARLINGEN, TX 78550-8846
2020 S SUNSHINE STRIP, HARLINGEN, TX 78550
2305 W LINCOLN, HARLINGEN, TX 78550
906 S MARKET, HEARNE, TX 77859
1425 N MARKET STREET, HEARNE, TX 77859
711 N SMITH AVE, HEBBRONVILLE, TX 78361
1005 AUSTIN ST, HEMPSTEAD, TX 77445-4516
2100 FM 1488, HEMPSTEAD, TX 77445
2130 S HWY 79, HENDERSON, TX 75654-4406
1112 W 1ST ST, HEREFORD, TX 79045-6008
616 N 25 MILE AVE, HEREFORD, TX 79045
1504 CORSICANA HWY, HILLSBORO, TX 76645-2720
269 US HWY 90 E, HONDO, TX 78861
13990 HORIZON BLVD, HORIZON CITY, TX 79928
13651 EASTLAKE BLVD, HORIZON CITY, TX 79928
17250 FM 249, HOUSTON, TX 77064-1106
13145 FM 1960 W, HOUSTON, TX 77065
12353 FM 1960 W (WM #3297), HOUSTON, TX 77065
12085 VETERANS MEMORIAL DRIVE, HOUSTON, TX 77067
10170 HAMMERLY BOULEVARD, HOUSTON, TX 77080-5010
3025 ELLA BLVD, HOUSTON, TX 77018-7313
4005 ELGIN ST, HOUSTON, TX 77004-2557
13532 BEECHNUT STREET, HOUSTON, TX 77072
10638 W BELLFORT, HOUSTON, TX 77099-4747
3820 OLD SPANISH TRL, HOUSTON, TX 77021
10777 BEECHNUT STREET, HOUSTON, TX 77072-4416
7410 CULLEN BOULEVARD, HOUSTON, TX 77021
12614 TOMBALL PKY, HOUSTON, TX 77086
5401 TELEPHONE ROAD, HOUSTON, TX 77087
5800 S GESSNER RD, HOUSTON, TX 77036
12559 WEST LAKE HOUSTON PARKWAY, HOUSTON, TX 77044
4320 W SAM HOUSTON PKWY N, HOUSTON, TX 77043
3941 FONDREN ROAD, HOUSTON, TX 77063
6000 RICHMOND AVE, HOUSTON, TX 77057
9351 FM 1960 W, HOUSTON, TX 77070
1819 W MOUNT HOUSTON RD, HOUSTON, TX 77038
10411 N FREEWAY 45 (WM #1279), HOUSTON, TX 77037
6031 NORTH FWY, HOUSTON, TX 77076
7518 NORTH FWY, HOUSTON, TX 77037
9601 1/2 WESTHEIMER RD, HOUSTON, TX 77063-3204
2303 HWY 6 S, HOUSTON, TX 77077
940 N WILCREST DRIVE, HOUSTON, TX 77079
6330 N ELDRIDGE PKY, HOUSTON, TX 77041
14450 MEMORIAL DR, HOUSTON, TX 77079-6706
4650 HWY 6, HOUSTON, TX 77084-2822
1920 WILCREST, HOUSTON, TX 77046
1504 ELDRIDGE PKY, HOUSTON, TX 77077
1303 GESSNER ROAD, HOUSTON, TX 77055-4004
12020 NORTHWEST FWY, HOUSTON, TX 77092
7302 HWY 6 N, HOUSTON, TX 77095-2512
7850 W TIDWELL, HOUSTON, TX 77040
17970 FM 529, HOUSTON, TX 77095
14099 NORTHWEST FREEWAY, HOUSTON, TX 77040
15955 FM 529 (WM #1040), HOUSTON, TX 77095
8147 KATY FREEWAY, HOUSTON, TX 77024
1736 WIRT RD, HOUSTON, TX 77055
13255 JONES RD, HOUSTON, TX 77070-4439
21189 TOMBALL PKY, HOUSTON, TX 77070
9303 KATY FREEWAY, HOUSTON, TX 77024
2727 BAY AREA BLVD, HOUSTON, TX 77058
11101 S SAM HOUSTON PKY, HOUSTON, TX 77089
2424 FM 1960 W, HOUSTON, TX 77068
3450 FM 1960 W (WM #1103), HOUSTON, TX 77068
10966 BAMMEL NORTH HOUSTON RD, HOUSTON, TX 77086
1914 ALDINE BENDER ROAD, HOUSTON, TX 77032
430 UVALDE DR, HOUSTON, TX 77015-3718
13750 EAST FWY (WM #1137), HOUSTON, TX 77015
15505 WALLISVILLE RD, HOUSTON, TX 77049
5655 E SAM HOUSTON PKY N (WM #3500), HOUSTON, TX 77015
8543 C E KING PKWY, HOUSTON, TX 77044
6924 ANTOINE DRIVE, HOUSTON, TX 77091-1212
10450 NORTHWEST FWY, HOUSTON, TX 77092
9452 JONES RD, HOUSTON, TX 77065
8940 W SAM HOUSTON PKY, HOUSTON, TX 77040
1302 WESTHEIMER, HOUSTON, TX 77006-2615
5505 LOCKWOOD DRIVE, HOUSTON, TX 77026
10890 S SAM HOUSTON WEST PKWY, HOUSTON, TX 77031
10415 BISSONNET STREET, HOUSTON, TX 77099
11825 BELLAIRE BOULEVARD, HOUSTON, TX 77083
9460 W SAM HOUSTON PKWY S (WM #3302), HOUSTON, TX 77099

124

TELEPHONE
817-421-9878
903-454-6141
903-494-5112
254-255-4475
409-963-2244
903-887-0054
903-668-4650
817-222-9009
254-690-7050
254-698-1741
956-421-2207
956-428-7997
956-412-9292
979-279-6111
979-279-9877
956-691-0028
979-826-8515
979-826-9884
903-657-2442
806-363-6161
000-000-0000
254-582-5453
830-426-5300
915-852-5189
000-000-0000
281-890-2633
281-939-5623
281-970-8305
281-893-5500
713-935-9340
713-861-1341
713-747-1715
281-561-7702
281-498-8910
713-748-1375
281-498-5011
713-738-4380
281-272-1045
713-644-3700
713-541-9538
281-454-7977
281-885-8577
713-781-5835
713-781-8085
281-758-8551
281-260-7053
281-824-5024
713-695-8595
281-272-9400
713-789-0082
281-493-2019
713-973-9003
713-466-1842
281-493-1882
281-463-4022
713-952-7322
281-759-2330
713-461-9224
713-681-9460
281-859-9936
713-895-7888
281-861-0300
713-460-0200
281-858-7212
713-688-1934
713-290-1770
281-890-5386
281-370-0000
713-461-8636
281-461-1585
281-922-4455
281-444-1047
281-586-9223
281-895-0965
281-449-8980
713-455-5386
713-455-5490
281-458-6970
713-455-5517
281-458-3065
713-683-0752
713-812-8899
281-894-8310
832-478-7717
713-528-0016
713-635-4242
713-774-5778
281-495-0560
281-495-0120
281-568-8920

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
SCOTT MUNROE
SAMUEL W MUNROE JR.
SAMUEL W MUNROE JR.
SAMUEL W MUNROE JR.
SAMUEL W MUNROE JR.
SAMUEL W MUNROE JR.
SAMUEL W MUNROE JR.
SAMUEL W MUNROE JR.
SAMUEL W MUNROE JR.
SAMUEL W MUNROE JR.
SAMUEL W MUNROE JR.
SAMUEL W MUNROE JR.
SAMUEL W MUNROE JR.
SAMUEL W MUNROE JR.
SAMUEL W MUNROE JR.
SAMUEL W MUNROE JR.
STEPHANIE OLIVER PARRISH
STEPHANIE OLIVER PARRISH
STEPHANIE OLIVER PARRISH
STEPHANIE OLIVER PARRISH
STEPHANIE OLIVER PARRISH
STEPHANIE OLIVER PARRISH
MARISELLE QUIJANO
MARISELLE QUIJANO
MARISELLE QUIJANO
MARISELLE QUIJANO
NELLY QUIJANO
NELLY QUIJANO
NELLY QUIJANO
NELLY QUIJANO
NELLY QUIJANO
NELLY QUIJANO
NELLY QUIJANO
NELLY QUIJANO
NELLY QUIJANO
NELLY QUIJANO
NELLY QUIJANO
NELLY QUIJANO
MICHAEL SCHMID
HAZEL KAY SMITH
HAZEL KAY SMITH
HAZEL KAY SMITH
HAZEL KAY SMITH
HAZEL KAY SMITH
SAREM SOUDAGAR
SAREM SOUDAGAR
SAREM SOUDAGAR
SAREM SOUDAGAR
SAREM SOUDAGAR
SAREM SOUDAGAR
SAREM SOUDAGAR
WARREN SPANN
BILLY WHITAKER
MARTHA HARTMAN
GARY L BOLEN
GARY L BOLEN
LAURA J CASEY
THOMAS DEVINE
KIMBERLY K ELIZONDO
TODD J GRAFMILLER
HOWARD A KELLY
ANGELA M MAJORS
JEANIE T SMITH
JEANIE T SMITH
WILLIAM T MASSEY
ALBERTO ROMERO
JONATHAN CHAN
JASON KINNEY
E WINSTON ROSS, III
VERONICA RUANO
JONATHAN CHAN
DAVID E FLOYD
DAVID E FLOYD
DAVID E FLOYD
ANTHONY E GRISSETT
ANTHONY E GRISSETT
CLIFTON C JOHNSON, II
WILLIAM T MASSEY
WILLIAM T MASSEY
RANDALL M RICHARD
DAVID E FLOYD
LYNANN YOUNG
EST OF DENNIS M MEYER
KENNETH P KADES
TONY E GILLEY
JENNIFER SHARP
KEVIN MAZZU
STUART W BROWN
STUART W BROWN
DAVID B GLASER

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
10703 WESTHEIMER, HOUSTON, TX 77042
4920 N KIRBY DR, HOUSTON, TX 77098-5008
10760 EASTEX FWY, HOUSTON, TX 77093
5512 BELLAIRE BOULEVARD, HOUSTON, TX 77081-5616
5911 S BRAESWOOD BLVD, HOUSTON, TX 77096-3813
13402 ALMEDA RD, HOUSTON, TX 77053
12350 EASTEX FWY, HOUSTON, TX 77039-4914
6615 TIDWELL ROAD, HOUSTON, TX 77016-4823
4643 BEECHNUT STREET, HOUSTON, TX 77096
8520 BISSONNET STREET, HOUSTON, TX 77074
7606 WESTHEIMER, HOUSTON, TX 77057
11311 FONDREN RD, HOUSTON, TX 77035
8010 S GESSNER, HOUSTON, TX 77036
2503 ALMEDA-GENOA ROAD, HOUSTON, TX 77047
10315 S POST OAK, HOUSTON, TX 77035
4121 SOUTH SAM HOUSTON EAST PARKWAY, HOUSTON, TX 77048
100 E CROSSTIMBERS, HOUSTON, TX 77022-4416
5301 EAST FWY, HOUSTON, TX 77020-4758
1619 S LOOP W, HOUSTON, TX 77054-4814
1405 POST OAK BLVD, HOUSTON, TX 77056-3001
9805 S MAIN, HOUSTON, TX 77025
4412 NORTH FREEWAY (WM #4526), HOUSTON, TX 77022
6000 GULF FREEWAY, HOUSTON, TX 77023-5418
9598 ROWLETT ROAD (WM #3425), HOUSTON, TX 77034
511A LOCKWOOD DRIVE, HOUSTON, TX 77011
2391 S WAYSIDE (WM #5612), HOUSTON, TX 77023
3611 N MAIN, HOUSTON, TX 77009-5408
6815 HARRISBURG BOULEVARD, HOUSTON, TX 77011-4625
6509 WASHINGTON, HOUSTON, TX 77007-2112
2249 W HOLCOMBE BLVD, HOUSTON, TX 77030-2007
2022 YALE STREET, HOUSTON, TX 77008
11695 GULF FREEWAY, HOUSTON, TX 77034
8325 BROADWAY STREET, HOUSTON, TX 77061
14270 GULF FREEWAY, HOUSTON, TX 77034
2515 FULTON STREET, HOUSTON, TX 77009
11323 FUQUA STREET, HOUSTON, TX 77089
505 BAY AREA BLVD, HOUSTON, TX 77058
1510 STUDEMONT, HOUSTON, TX 77007
12625 WESTHEIMER DR, HOUSTON, TX 77077
9126 CULLEN ST, HOUSTON, TX 77051-2818
255 GREENS RD, HOUSTON, TX 77060-1332
6707 W SAM HOUSTON PKY S, HOUSTON, TX 77036
392 N SAM HOUSTON PKY E, HOUSTON, TX 77060
13882 S POST OAK, HOUSTON, TX 77045
10323 EAST FWY, HOUSTON, TX 77029-1907
9411 JENSEN DRIVE, HOUSTON, TX 77093
900 GESSNER RD (MEMORIAL CITY MALL), HOUSTON, TX 77024
530 MAXEY ROAD, HOUSTON, TX 77013
4440 NORTH MCCARTY STREET, HOUSTON, TX 77013
5414 AIRLINE DR, HOUSTON, TX 77076
3971 BARKER CYPRESS ROAD, HOUSTON, TX 77084
8920 CLEARWOOD DRIVE, HOUSTON, TX 77034
6901 HWY 6, HOUSTON, TX 77083-3303
2980 FORT WORTH HIGHWAY, HUDSON OAKS, TX 76087
9021 WILL CLAYTON PKWY, HUMBLE, TX 77338
15015 MESA DRIVE, HUMBLE, TX 77396
11715 GREENS RD, HUMBLE, TX 77346
9235 N SAM HOUSTON PKWY E (WM #4298), HUMBLE, TX 77396
8425 FM 1960 WEST, HUMBLE, TX 77338
13755 WILL CLAYTON PARKWAY, HUMBLE, TX 77346
3110 FM 1960 WEST, HUMBLE, TX 77338-5326
152 W 1ST ST, HUMBLE, TX 77338-3622
2719 11TH ST, HUNTSVILLE, TX 77340-3730
2502 S SAM HOUSTON, HUNTSVILLE, TX 77340
769 AIRPORT FREEWAY, HURST, TX 76053
450 GRAPEVINE HWY, HURST, TX 76053
108 N I-45, HUTCHINS, TX 75141
4929 GATTIS SCHOOL ROAD, HUTTO, TX 78634
608 W HWY 79, HUTTO, TX 78634-4079
401 SOUTHWEST ACCESS ROAD, IOWA PARK, TX 76367
750 W LBJ FWY, IRVING, TX 75063
2410 N STORY RD, IRVING, TX 75062-7068
4202 W AIRPORT FWY, IRVING, TX 75062-5915
4098 BELTLINE RD, IRVING, TX 75038-5043
1308 E AIRPORT FWY, IRVING, TX 75062-4817
4959 N O'CONNOR ROAD, IRVING, TX 75038
8435 N BELTLINE ROAD, IRVING, TX 75063
302 W IRVING BLVD, IRVING, TX 75060-2921
950 S BELTLINE RD, IRVING, TX 75060
5220 N MAC ARTHUR DR, IRVING, TX 75039
100 KINFOLKS LN, ITALY, TX 76651
402 S JACKSON ST, JACKSONVILLE, TX 75766-4916
11640 INTERSTATE 35 N, JARRELL, TX 76537
1265 S WHEELER, JASPER, TX 75951-5117
109 S WALCOTT, JEFFERSON, TX 75657
952 S BROADWAY ST, JOSHUA, TX 76058
2416 N MAIN STREET, JUNCTION, TX 76854
6110 NORTH FRY, KATY, TX 77449
6060 FRY RD (WM #4538), KATY, TX 77449
25647 WESTHEIMER PKWY, KATY, TX 77494

125

TELEPHONE
713-780-1103
713-527-8907
281-590-6303
713-661-2159
713-721-4925
713-434-2574
281-449-4425
713-635-7730
713-664-9644
832-830-5378
713-785-7606
713-723-9100
713-270-1900
713-413-1570
713-726-8467
713-264-8031
713-742-8868
832-527-0367
713-797-6446
713-960-1733
713-349-9001
713-694-8031
713-921-8003
713-946-4995
713-928-3770
713-928-3281
713-861-9263
713-928-5335
713-880-3930
713-668-5882
713-880-5880
713-910-5889
713-645-2041
281-484-7113
713-224-6964
713-941-1006
281-486-1027
713-426-1015
281-493-6779
713-733-3227
281-872-6742
713-772-3332
281-447-3722
713-723-0972
713-673-7542
713-694-5226
713-973-1035
713-451-5516
713-673-6642
713-742-0446
281-345-6782
713-941-2204
281-568-8653
817-599-9099
281-964-1058
281-441-4030
832-476-9831
281-441-3483
281-812-9855
281-319-5374
281-821-3346
281-446-2018
936-291-0113
936-291-7043
817-510-6620
817-479-3835
972-225-2767
512-990-7556
512-846-1058
940-592-5555
972-401-0996
972-252-8508
972-986-0131
972-255-1387
972-438-4883
972-717-3141
469-276-7973
972-253-4492
469-565-2460
972-714-4754
972-483-1065
903-586-9520
512-746-2180
409-384-6464
903-665-6120
214-971-8991
325-446-8005
281-858-5169
281-861-8119
281-395-5148

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
DAVID B GLASER
DAVID B GLASER
DAVID B GLASER
DAVID B GLASER
PHYLLIS TRUDY GLASER
LAURIE GLASER-SWIFT
LAURIE GLASER-SWIFT
SAREM SOUDAGAR
SAREM SOUDAGAR
SAREM SOUDAGAR
KEVIN L LILLY
TYROUS INGRAM, III
DANIEL H MASSEY
LUIS ANTONIO A ACOSTA
JENNIFER JASPER
LEONARD A CARRILLO
KEVIN MAZZU
KEVIN MAZZU
KEVIN MAZZU
KEVIN L LILLY
HAMPTON CONLAN
LYNETTE CONLAN
LYNETTE CONLAN
EDWARD L LUTITO, JR.
EDWARD L LUTITO, JR.
EDWARD L LUTITO, JR.
DALE R RAABE
DALE R RAABE
LAURA J CASEY
LAURA J CASEY
LAURA J CASEY
JAMIE C STRAZA
HECTOR DE LA GARZA
KEVIN J MOORE
RUSSELL W ELLIS
CARRIE PEREZ
CARRIE PEREZ
RACHEL KADES
RACHEL KADES
NEDRICK L STAGG
VINCENTE GONZALES, JR.
CHRIS SNOWBERGER
LYNETTE CONLAN
ALBERTO ROMERO
IGNACIO DE LEON
IGNACIO DE LEON
ANTHONY E DOBSKI
ANTHONY E DOBSKI
ANTHONY E DOBSKI
DANIELLE M MARASCO
DANIELLE M MARASCO
DANIELLE M MARASCO
DANIELLE M MARASCO
DANIELLE M MARASCO
DANIELLE M MARASCO
DANIELLE M MARASCO
DANIELLE M MARASCO
DANIELLE M MARASCO
DANIELLE M MARASCO
KENNETH P KADES
CARRIE PEREZ
CARRIE PEREZ
NELLY QUIJANO
NELLY QUIJANO
NELLY QUIJANO
DAVID B GLASER
MARTIN I WASHINGTON
BARRY COHEN
VERA INGRAM
CLIFTON C JOHNSON
JESSICA J JOHNSON
JESSICA J JOHNSON
JONATHAN C KELLEY
JONATHAN C KELLEY
JOSE LOZANO
JILL R CASAS
MARTIN I WASHINGTON
KEVIN L LILLY
SUSAN E CREDLE
TODD J GRAFMILLER
JASON KINNEY
HENRY CHARLES O'REILLY, III
HENRY CHARLES O'REILLY, III
HENRY CHARLES O'REILLY, III
HENRY CHARLES O'REILLY, III
HENRY CHARLES O'REILLY, III
ANNA E OQUIN
CORY KIESEL
CORY KIESEL
BARRY COHEN

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
7104 S FRY RD, KATY, TX 77494
27140 CINCO RANCH BLVD, KATY, TX 77494
26149 KATY FREEWAY, KATY, TX 77494
22914 MORTON RANCH RD, KATY, TX 77449
22148 WESTHEIMER PKWY, KATY, TX 77450
22003 KATY FREEWAY, KATY, TX 77450
5701 HWY 90, KATY, TX 77494
1845 N FRY RD, KATY, TX 77449-3348
1313 FRY RD (WM #768), KATY, TX 77449
405 S FRY RD, KATY, TX 77450
2215 SO WASHINGTON, KAUFMAN, TX 75142
989 E PRICE, KELLER, TX 76248
2001 RUFE SNOW DR, KELLER, TX 76248-5634
109 N SUNSET STRIP, KENEDY, TX 78119
1298 WEST MANSFIELD HWY, KENNEDALE, TX 76140
902 TX-302, KERMIT, TX 79745
600 SIDNEY BAKER, KERRVILLE, TX 78028-4556
2128 SIDNEY BAKER, KERRVILLE, TX 78028
1308 JUNCTION HWY, KERRVILLE, TX 78028
906 HWY 259 N, KILGORE, TX 75662-6046
109 E RANCIER ST, KILLEEN, TX 76541-3422
1105 S FORT HOOD ST, KILLEEN, TX 76541
3700 CLEAR CREEK ROAD, KILLEEN, TX 76549
2102 BUSINESS HWY 190, KILLEEN, TX 76541-7362
4300 CENTRAL TEXAS EXPY, KILLEEN, TX 76543
4622 S FORT HOOD STREET, KILLEEN, TX 76542
208 S 14TH ST, KINGSVILLE, TX 78363-5839
2702 S HWY 77 BYPASS, KINGSVILLE, TX 78363
2162 N PARK DR, KINGWOOD, TX 77339
4406 KINGWOOD DR, KINGWOOD, TX 77339
25669 HWY 59, KINGWOOD, TX 77339
5325 KYLE CENTER DRIVE, KYLE, TX 78640
204 E EXPRESSWAY 83, LA FERIA, TX 78559
2304 WEST TRAVIS STREET, LA GRANGE, TX 78945-9706
401 E EXPRESSWAY 83, LA JOYA, TX 78560
2300 GULF FREEWAY, LA MARQUE, TX 77568
6410 I-45 SOUTH (WM #529), LA MARQUE, TX 77568
1102 S 8TH ST, LA PORTE, TX 77571-6202
9323 SPENCER HWY, LA PORTE, TX 77571
14091 US HWY 87 W, LA VERNIA, TX 78121
4503 N I 35, LACY-LAKEVIEW, TX 76705
505 N DALLAS, LAMESA, TX 79331-4612
804 S KEY AVE, LAMPASAS, TX 76550
1463 W PLEASANT RUN RD, LANCASTER, TX 75146
4401 HIGHWAY 83 S (WM #3623), LAREDO, TX 78046
2615 BOB BULLOCK LOOP (WM #5713), LAREDO, TX 78045
1120 SANTA URSULA, LAREDO, TX 78040-4542
4719 S US HWY 83, LAREDO, TX 78046
2515 JACAMAN ROAD, LAREDO, TX 78041
4717 SAN BERNARDO, LAREDO, TX 78040
2101 SAUNDERS ST, LAREDO, TX 78040
2301 GUADALUPE STREET, LAREDO, TX 78043
102 W DEL MAR BLVD, LAREDO, TX 78045
2502 HWY 83, LAREDO, TX 78046
7701 MCPHERSON ROAD, LAREDO, TX 78046
9814 FM 1472, LAREDO, TX 78045
1101 UNIROYAL DRIVE, LAREDO, TX 78045
2320 BOB BULLOCK LOOP (WM #3518), LAREDO, TX 78043
2311 NE BOB BULLOCK LOOP, LAREDO, TX 78045
3022 MARINA BAY DR, LEAGUE CITY, TX 77573
1701 W FM 646 (WM #5388), LEAGUE CITY, TX 77573
3140 GULF FREEWAY S, LEAGUE CITY, TX 77573
113 N GULF FWY, LEAGUE CITY, TX 77573
102 HWY 3 SOUTH, LEAGUE CITY, TX 77573
2550 E LEAGUE CITY PARKWAY, LEAGUE CITY, TX 77573
541 N BAGDAD ROAD, LEANDER, TX 78641
1445 US HWY 183 S, LEANDER, TX 78641
605 COLLEGE AVE, LEVELLAND, TX 79336-4807
4640 STATE HIGHWAY 121, LEWISVILLE, TX 75056
501 E FM 3040, LEWISVILLE, TX 75028
1598 W MAIN ST, LEWISVILLE, TX 75067-3393
1107 W FM3040, LEWISVILLE, TX 75067
2301 S HWY 121, LEWISVILLE, TX 75067-8130
1201 W FM 407, LEWISVILLE, TX 75067
765 W MAIN ST, LEWISVILLE, TX 75067
1923 HWY 90, LIBERTY, TX 77575-7728
12236 W STATE HWY 29, LIBERTY HILL, TX 78642
3511 SOUTH MAIN STREET, LINDALE, TX 75711
2330 HALL AVENUE, LITTLEFIELD, TX 79339
1601 W CHURCH ST, LIVINGSTON, TX 77351-9044
1330 S COLORADO, LOCKHART, TX 78644
408 E MARSHALL AVE, LONGVIEW, TX 75601-5422
128 W LOOP 281, LONGVIEW, TX 75601
1803 NW LOOP 281, LONGVIEW, TX 75601
3086 N EASTMAN ROAD, LONGVIEW, TX 75605
3118 ESTES PKWY, LONGVIEW, TX 75603
115 OCEAN BOULEVARD, LOS FRESNOS, TX 78566
6001 W 19TH ST, LUBBOCK, TX 79407-1631
4540 MILWAUKEE AVE, LUBBOCK, TX 79407
6511 82ND STREET, LUBBOCK, TX 79424

126

TELEPHONE
281-693-7110
281-394-7851
281-394-7377
281-574-3529
281-398-8400
281-392-8555
281-391-3131
281-492-0112
281-398-3345
281-492-2242
972-932-4994
817-379-9357
817-581-1743
830-583-3700
817-561-5669
432-586-2735
830-896-7644
830-792-5575
830-895-7707
903-981-1206
254-634-7300
254-526-3104
254-501-9165
254-699-1659
254-680-3111
254-200-0650
361-592-7072
361-516-0450
281-359-1899
281-360-9469
281-577-9049
512-268-1121
956-797-1461
979-968-5098
956-580-0339
409-935-0212
409-986-9060
281-471-8515
325-515-4884
210-728-4594
254-867-0404
806-872-6541
512-556-2202
972-218-0200
956-753-2200
956-718-9934
956-724-4911
956-795-0693
956-712-8171
956-723-0201
956-724-1702
956-722-7605
956-717-2034
956-729-1127
956-728-9626
956-712-9488
956-728-8570
956-728-7874
956-718-2112
281-334-7796
281-534-8687
281-614-1968
281-332-3345
281-557-3257
281-334-8947
832-244-7501
512-259-9055
806-894-6984
214-469-1585
972-315-0578
972-221-8028
972-906-8865
972-315-2881
972-317-2348
972-420-7814
936-336-2550
512-971-2872
903-882-5821
806-385-0452
936-327-7676
512-376-7275
903-753-1622
903-757-9235
903-297-0991
903-736-8301
903-758-7470
956-233-1711
806-797-0422
806-796-3670
806-783-0898

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
RICK ROBILLARD
RICK ROBILLARD
RUTH ROBILLARD
RUTH ROBILLARD
RUTH ROBILLARD
RUTH ROBILLARD
RUTH ROBILLARD
MICHAEL J SAWYER
HUGO VARGAS
HUGO VARGAS
HUGO VARGAS
HUGO VARGAS
EST OF WILMER E MAY
TROY W SCHUSTER
TROY W SCHUSTER
KENNETH P KADES
RICHARD ACOSTA
KEVIN L LILLY
STEVE MCKINNEY
LAURIE GLASER-SWIFT
KENNETH P KADES
KENNETH P KADES
KEVIN L LILLY
JIMMY L FERGUSON
MICHAEL K VANECEK
MICHAEL K VANECEK
STEVE MCKINNEY
MARIA L LIM
LYNETTE CONLAN
TONY E GILLEY
TONY E GILLEY
DALE R RAABE
ALFREDO DEL BARRIO, JR.
ALFREDO DEL BARRIO, JR.
RUSSELL W ELLIS
RUSSELL W ELLIS
RUSSELL W ELLIS
RUSSELL W ELLIS
JONATHAN CHAN
JONATHAN CHAN
JONATHAN CHAN
JONATHAN CHAN
ANAND KUMAR
HENRY CHARLES O'REILLY, III
LAURA GALLARDO
HECTOR DE LA GARZA
CARLOS RAMIREZ SOTO
CARLOS RAMIREZ SOTO
JONATHAN CHAN
LISA DRIBBEN
LISA DRIBBEN
ROLAND PARRISH
ROLAND PARRISH
LYNANN YOUNG
LEONARD A CARRILLO
LEONARD A CARRILLO
LEONARD A CARRILLO
LEONARD A CARRILLO
LEONARD A CARRILLO
LUIS R HERNANDEZ
LUIS R HERNANDEZ
KEVIN L LILLY
DANIEL H MASSEY
ALFREDO DEL BARRIO, JR.
RUSSELL W ELLIS
STUART W BROWN
KEVIN J MOORE
BILLY WHITAKER
LEONARD A CARRILLO
MATTHEW KADES
STEVE MCKINNEY
STEVE MCKINNEY
STEVE MCKINNEY
TONY E GILLEY
TONY E GILLEY
ANAND KUMAR
SUSAN E CREDLE
KEVA CHILDRESS
TROY W SCHUSTER
TROY W SCHUSTER
KENNETH P KADES
STEVE MCKINNEY
KENNETH P KADES
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
SAM KANTAR
SAM KANTAR
SAM KANTAR
SAM KANTAR
SAM KANTAR
TODD J GRAFMILLER

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
102 N UNIVERSITY, LUBBOCK, TX 79410
1911 4TH ST (WM #3826), LUBBOCK, TX 79401
1910 50TH ST, LUBBOCK, TX 79412-2706
2339 19TH ST, LUBBOCK, TX 79401-4411
8011 SLIDE RD, LUBBOCK, TX 79424-2805
5201 4TH ST, LUBBOCK, TX 79416
5010 INTERSTATE 27, LUBBOCK, TX 79404-4432
12806 INDIANA AVE, LUBBOCK, TX 79423
2433 S LOOP 289, LUBBOCK, TX 79423-1519
6007 SLIDE RD, LUBBOCK, TX 79414-4309
4220 98TH STREET, LUBBOCK, TX 79423
3403 QUAKER AVE, LUBBOCK, TX 79413
1118 S TIMBERLAND DR, LUFKIN, TX 75901-4726
3301 S 1ST ST, LUFKIN, TX 75901-7315
110 SOUTH JOHN REDDITT DRIVE, LUFKIN, TX 75904
103 N MAIN, LUMBERTON, TX 77657
14830 LYTLE SOMMERSET RD, LYTLE, TX 78052
19001 EAST US HIGHWAY 175, MABANK, TX 75147
2602 E MAIN, MADISONVILLE, TX 77864-2228
13337 FM 1488, MAGNOLIA, TX 77354
18630 FM 1488, MAGNOLIA, TX 77355
6745 FM 1488, MAGNOLIA, TX 77354
101 E ROYALL BLVD, MALAKOFF, TX 75148
12609 LEXINGTON STREET, MANOR, TX 78653
1001 HWY 287 N, MANSFIELD, TX 76063-4801
1250 N HOLLAND ROAD, MANSFIELD, TX 76063
17213 HWY 6, MANVEL, TX 77578
1605 HWY 1431 W, MARBLE FALLS, TX 78654
1430 LIVE OAK STREET, MARLIN, TX 76661
2000 VICTORY DR, MARSHALL, TX 75670-3624
5408 EAST END BLVD S, MARSHALL, TX 75672
10539 N SH 359, MATHIS, TX 78368
3700 PECAN BOULEVARD, MCALLEN, TX 78502
2801 NOLANA AVE, MCALLEN, TX 78504
2808 N 10TH ST, MCALLEN, TX 78501
1901 S 10TH ST, MCALLEN, TX 78503
7320 N 10TH, MCALLEN, TX 78504
1217 E HWY 83, MCALLEN, TX 78501
402 N CENTRAL EXPY, MCKINNEY, TX 75070
6750 W VIRGINIA PKY, MCKINNEY, TX 75070
240 W ELDORADO PKWY, MCKINNEY, TX 75069
12299 E UNIVERSITY DR, MCKINNEY, TX 75071
5251 UNIVERSITY DR, MCKINNEY, TX 75071
3200 ELDORADO, MCKINNEY, TX 75070
2810 WASHINGTON DR, MELISSA, TX 75454
216 N TEXAS AVE, MERCEDES, TX 78570
1531 TOWNEAST BLVD, MESQUITE, TX 75150
18751 IH 635, MESQUITE, TX 75150
1817 N BELTLINE RD, MESQUITE, TX 75149-1718
6616 FM 741, MESQUITE, TX 75114
2700 FAITHON P LUCAS SR BLVD, MESQUITE, TX 75181
2012 SCYENE RD, MESQUITE, TX 75149-3644
1444 S BELTLINE RD, MESQUITE, TX 75149
903 E MILAM RD, MEXIA, TX 76667-2526
1111 N ANDREWS HWY, MIDLAND, TX 79701-3826
3310 W LOOP 250 NORTH, MIDLAND, TX 79707
4015 FM 1788, MIDLAND, TX 79706
2307 RANKIN HWY, MIDLAND, TX 79701
6410 HIGHWAY 191, MIDLAND, TX 79707
1310 US HWY 287 E, MIDLOTHIAN, TX 76065
2230 FM 663, MIDLOTHIAN, TX 76065
1202 N PACIFIC, MINEOLA, TX 75773-1020
100 GARRET MORRIS PKY, MINERAL WELLS, TX 76067-9612
804 S SHARY RD, MISSION, TX 78572
303 E EXPY 83, MISSION, TX 78572
6129 HWY 6 S, MISSOURI CITY, TX 77459
1605 CARTWRIGHT RD, MISSOURI CITY, TX 77489
9934 HIGHWAY 6, MISSOURI CITY, TX 77459
1905 S STOCKTON, MONAHANS, TX 79756-0140
3535 BRIARWOOD BEND, MONT BELVIEU, TX 77523
15476 STATE HWY 105, MONTGOMERY, TX 77356
20943 EVA ST, MONTGOMERY, TX 77316
749 FISH CREEK THOROUGHFARE, MONTGOMERY, TX 77316
2002 N JEFFERSON, MOUNT PLEASANT, TX 75455-2337
102 CEDAR ST, MOUNT PLEASANT, TX 75455-5908
906 HWY 37, MOUNT VERNON, TX 75457
1025 W AMERICAN BLVD, MULESHOE, TX 79347
114 EAST FM 544, MURPHY, TX 75094
1717 NORTH ST, NACOGDOCHES, TX 75961-3421
3120 UNIVERSITY DR, NACOGDOCHES, TX 75961
1320 NASA PARKWAY, NASSAU BAY, TX 77058
8737 HWY 6, NAVASOTA, TX 77868
3728 NEDERLAND, NEDERLAND, TX 77627
702 N MC COY, NEW BOSTON, TX 75570-2317
1201 N INTERSTATE 35, NEW BRAUNFELS, TX 78130
1035 I 35 W, NEW BRAUNFELS, TX 78130
4142 LOOP 337, NEW BRAUNFELS, TX 78130
1761 STATE HWY 46 W, NEW BRAUNFELS, TX 78132
304 FM 306, NEW BRAUNFELS, TX 78130
23871 WALTON AVENUE, NEW CANEY, TX 77357

127

TELEPHONE
806-740-0662
806-744-3002
806-763-6507
806-747-5536
806-794-2089
806-791-7701
806-743-5200
806-445-0333
806-745-7678
806-793-2959
806-698-6734
806-799-3434
936-634-7800
936-639-3633
936-632-7502
409-755-3722
830-709-2900
903-887-0163
936-348-5677
832-862-7426
281-259-4200
281-252-6510
903-489-0503
512-272-4300
817-473-3260
817-473-3752
281-653-7546
830-693-4911
254-883-3824
903-938-7031
903-938-6411
361-547-7171
956-630-5711
956-688-6236
956-687-5898
956-687-7707
956-972-1476
956-994-8911
972-542-5675
214-592-0369
972-542-2139
682-717-2701
214-491-1512
214-726-0877
325-248-6150
956-294-1218
972-270-0766
972-682-5401
972-216-0590
469-548-9650
469-447-4383
972-289-2950
972-329-7556
254-562-7006
432-520-3044
432-699-0768
432-563-1876
432-687-1705
432-701-5818
972-775-1974
469-844-9103
903-569-3252
940-328-1930
956-583-2790
956-581-1144
281-208-1428
281-835-5223
832-495-6731
432-943-3264
346-299-8775
936-588-1303
936-597-7766
936-588-1800
903-572-8392
903-572-8393
903-588-3200
806-272-3333
972-509-4967
936-569-0792
936-560-2641
281-957-9446
936-825-4115
409-727-4661
903-628-2499
830-620-0008
830-620-1336
830-620-7747
830-620-1112
830-643-0036
281-689-9058

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
TODD J GRAFMILLER
JOY D FRANK-SILMON
TYROUS INGRAM, III
ALBERTO ROMERO
JONATHAN CHAN
LEONARD A CARRILLO
LEONARD A CARRILLO
LEONARD A CARRILLO
LEONARD A CARRILLO
LEONARD A CARRILLO
LEONARD A CARRILLO
LEONARD A CARRILLO
KENNETH P KADES
KENNETH P KADES
KEVIN L LILLY
ALFREDO DEL BARRIO, JR.
KEVIN MARTIN
MICHAEL K VANECEK
ANAND KUMAR
KENNETH P KADES
MARISELLE QUIJANO
NELLY QUIJANO
NELLY QUIJANO
SAREM SOUDAGAR
SAREM SOUDAGAR
SAREM SOUDAGAR
WARREN SPANN
MARISELLE QUIJANO
MARISELLE QUIJANO
FRANK N MENDOZA
LEONARD A CARRILLO
ALFREDO DEL BARRIO, JR.
KEVIN MARTIN
JASON KINNEY
JASON KINNEY
ALFREDO DEL BARRIO, JR.
ALFREDO DEL BARRIO, JR.
ALFREDO DEL BARRIO, JR.
VERA INGRAM
STEVE MCKINNEY
TONY E GILLEY
RICK ROBILLARD
RICK ROBILLARD
LISA MONTGOMERY
JONATHAN CHAN
JONATHAN CHAN
VERA INGRAM
VERA INGRAM
JOSE LOZANO
JULIANNA O'REILLY
HENRY CHARLES O'REILLY, III
HENRY CHARLES O'REILLY, III
HENRY CHARLES O'REILLY, III
HENRY CHARLES O'REILLY, III
NEDRICK L STAGG
KENNETH P KADES
WARREN SPANN
TODD J GRAFMILLER
ANGELA M MAJORS
MARIA VICTORIA ACOSTA
BARRY COHEN
KEVA CHILDRESS
VERA INGRAM
TYROUS INGRAM, III
KEVA CHILDRESS
RUSSELL W ELLIS
LUIS R HERNANDEZ
ANNA E OQUIN
VERONICA RUANO
JONATHAN CHAN
JONATHAN CHAN
JONATHAN CHAN
JONATHAN CHAN
JONATHAN CHAN
JOY D FRANK-SILMON
THOMAS DEVINE
THOMAS DEVINE
THOMAS DEVINE
THOMAS DEVINE
MARK E SCHMID
MICHAEL SCHMID
RUSSELL W ELLIS
DANIEL H MASSEY
HAMPTON CONLAN
LYNETTE CONLAN
DALE R RAABE
STEVE MCKINNEY
MARIA VICTORIA ACOSTA
KEVA CHILDRESS
KEVA CHILDRESS

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
23005 SPEED ST, NEW CANEY, TX 77357
8549 DAVIS BLVD, NORTH RICHLAND HILLS, TX 76182
5140 RUFE SNOW, NORTH RICHLAND HILLS, TX 76118
7451 DAVIS BLVD, NORTH RICHLAND HILLS, TX 76180
2950 FM 720 W, OAK POINT, TX 75068
1800 E 8TH ST, ODESSA, TX 79760
4115 N ANDREWS, ODESSA, TX 79762-5505
1347 W UNIVERSITY, ODESSA, TX 79767
5141 E 42ND ST, ODESSA, TX 79762
1901 COUNTY ROAD FM 1882, ODESSA, TX 79763
5900 E I-20, ODESSA, TX 79761
8000 E 56TH, ODESSA, TX 79765
1710 N 16TH ST, ORANGE, TX 77630-3355
2311 HWY 62 N, ORANGE, TX 77630
2120 S LOOP 256, PALESTINE, TX 75801-5920
224 EAST MILE 3 ROAD, PALMHURST, TX 78573
1201 N HOBART, PAMPA, TX 79065
2422 W PIONEER PKY, PANTEGO, TX 76013
3825 LAMAR AVENUE, PARIS, TX 75462-5210
7437 SPENCER HWY, PASADENA, TX 77505
2001 GENOA RED BLUFF ROAD, PASADENA, TX 77505
4625 FAIRMONT PKY, PASADENA, TX 77504-3311
5200 FAIRMONT PKWY (WM #0752), PASADENA, TX 77505
131 PASADENA BLVD, PASADENA, TX 77504
1300 S RICHEY, PASADENA, TX 77502-1100
1107 S SHAVER ST (WM #2724), PASADENA, TX 77506
3223 SPENCER HWY, PASADENA, TX 77504-1103
10505 W BROADWAY ST (WM #3572), PEARLAND, TX 77584
2815 BUSINESS CENTER DRIVE, PEARLAND, TX 77584
625 N OAK ST, PEARSALL, TX 78061
5202 HWY 285, PECOS, TX 79772
1703 EXPRESSWAY 83 (WM #4508), PENITAS, TX 78576
1109 S MAIN, PERRYTON, TX 79070
1700 W PECAN STREET, PFLUGERVILLE, TX 78660
1517 FM 685, PFLUGERVILLE, TX 78660
104 W NOLANA LOOP, PHARR, TX 78577
301 WEST RIDGE, PHARR, TX 78503
7501 S JACKSON RD, PHARR, TX 78577
1230 S US HWY 377, PILOT POINT, TX 76258
32323 TX-249, PINEHURST, TX 77362
101 S GREER BLVD, PITTSBURG, TX 75686
815 N I 27, PLAINVIEW, TX 79072-9769
1501 N I-27 (WM #0927), PLAINVIEW, TX 79072
4925 W PARK BLVD, PLANO, TX 75075
605 E 15TH ST, PLANO, TX 75074-5709
2100 W 15TH ST, PLANO, TX 75034
5004 STATE HWY 121, PLANO, TX 75024
216 COIT RD, PLANO, TX 75075
6220 W PARK BLVD, PLANO, TX 75093
6201 INDEPENDENCE PKY, PLANO, TX 75023
701 W SPRING CREEK, PLANO, TX 75023-4604
3957 LEGACY DR, PLANO, TX 75023
4005 W PARKER RD, PLANO, TX 75023
2205 MCDERMOTT RD, PLANO, TX 75025-4613
1733 W OAKLAWN, PLEASANTON, TX 78064
8435 MEMORIAL BLVD, PORT ARTHUR, TX 77642
801 S HWY 35 BYP, PORT LAVACA, TX 77979-2415
24610 FM 1314, PORTER, TX 77365
21871 FM 1314, PORTER, TX 77365
1300 WILDCAT DR, PORTLAND, TX 78384
102 N BROADWAY, POST, TX 79356
103 E PRINCETON DR, PRINCETON, TX 75407-9002
4500 W UNIVERSITY DR, PROSPER, TX 75034
2105 W FRONTIER PARKWAY, PROSPER, TX 75078
8840 HWY 34 SOUTH, QUINLAN, TX 75474
1105 E HWY 186, RAYMONDVILLE, TX 78580-2741
109 HARRIS AVENUE, RED OAK, TX 75154
427 N ALAMO ST, REFUGIO, TX 78377
4800 E HWY 114, RHOME, TX 76179
1251 E BELT LINE RD, RICHARDSON, TX 75081-3708
170 W CAMPBELL RD, RICHARDSON, TX 75080
105 S COIT RD, RICHARDSON, TX 75080-5721
550 CENTENNIAL BLVD, RICHARDSON, TX 75081
120 S CENTRAL EXPRESSWAY, RICHARDSON, TX 75080
7305 AIRPORT FREEWAY, RICHLAND HILLS, TX 76118
5660 W GRAND PARKWAY (WM #3827), RICHMOND, TX 77406
1125 CRABB RIVER ROAD, RICHMOND, TX 77406
7003 FM 1464, RICHMOND, TX 77083
7805 W GRAND PARKWAY SOUTH, RICHMOND, TX 77407
10513 WEST GRAND PARKWAY SOUTH, RICHMOND, TX 77407
2025 FM 359, RICHMOND, TX 77469
4290 E EXPY 83, RIO GRANDE CITY, TX 78582
1100 N HIGHWAY 377, ROANOKE, TX 76262
7961 S IH 35, ROBINSON, TX 76706
500 N ROBINSON, ROBINSON, TX 76706
301 S HWY 77, ROBSTOWN, TX 78380-4310
1521 W CAMERON AVE, ROCKDALE, TX 76567-2606
1302 HWY 35 N, ROCKPORT, TX 78382
610 E I 30, ROCKWALL, TX 75087-5501
3066 N GOLIAD STREET, ROCKWALL, TX 75087

128

TELEPHONE
346-731-5012
817-503-2398
817-281-8888
817-281-7666
682-977-8061
432-580-9940
432-367-1061
432-337-9338
432-550-4560
432-332-3481
432-362-0283
432-631-7043
409-886-0646
409-745-4228
903-729-5000
956-581-0105
806-665-5891
817-261-3748
903-782-9991
281-479-6048
281-487-4572
281-487-5877
281-487-3001
713-475-8809
713-472-5313
713-472-0701
713-941-7410
713-436-6334
713-436-9095
830-334-2203
432-445-1522
956-583-4994
806-435-5502
512-989-0771
512-989-2411
956-783-2512
956-783-6236
956-715-8845
940-686-0400
325-716-2182
903-856-1000
806-293-7430
806-296-5612
972-596-6123
972-633-5135
972-423-6443
972-668-4040
972-758-0282
972-250-2349
972-618-6627
972-517-7095
972-618-8925
972-985-8499
972-747-0768
830-569-5550
409-722-3396
361-552-4442
281-354-4090
281-354-3203
361-643-8115
806-495-0495
972-736-6305
972-433-1028
469-584-2517
903-356-2796
956-689-5546
972-617-2282
361-526-9175
817-636-5600
972-238-9902
682-305-3154
972-231-4313
972-690-5049
972-783-9855
817-284-3999
281-239-2226
281-239-0544
281-980-0032
832-595-8650
281-494-0503
832-595-1250
956-487-8214
817-491-3502
254-662-9565
254-662-9122
361-387-8712
512-446-2448
361-790-7828
972-771-0635
214-771-3850

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
KEVA CHILDRESS
RUSSELL W ELLIS
MARK E SCHMID
MICHAEL SCHMID
MICHAEL SCHMID
DAVID B GLASER
DAVID B GLASER
DAVID B GLASER
EDWARD L LUTITO, JR.
E WINSTON ROSS, III
E. WINSTON ROSS, JR.
LISA DRIBBEN
LISA DRIBBEN
KEVA CHILDRESS
LYNANN YOUNG
KEVA CHILDRESS
SAM KANTAR
DANIEL H MASSEY
MARIA L LIM
ERIC K WILSON
ERIC K WILSON
ERIC K WILSON
ERIC K WILSON
CELIA ACOSTA
LUIS ANTONIO A ACOSTA
LUIS ANTONIO A ACOSTA
LUIS ANTONIO A ACOSTA
LUIS ANTONIO A ACOSTA
MARIA VICTORIA ACOSTA
MARIA VICTORIA ACOSTA
MARIA VICTORIA ACOSTA
MARIA VICTORIA ACOSTA
MARIA VICTORIA ACOSTA
RICHARD ACOSTA
RICHARD ACOSTA
RICHARD ACOSTA
RICHARD ACOSTA
RICHARD ACOSTA
RICHARD ACOSTA
RICHARD ACOSTA
RICHARD ACOSTA
RICHARD ACOSTA
RICHARD ACOSTA
RICHARD ACOSTA
RICHARD ACOSTA
RICHARD ACOSTA
RICHARD ACOSTA
SHELLY D CONTRERAS
SHELLY D CONTRERAS
SHELLY D CONTRERAS
CELIA JAIRALA
CELIA JAIRALA
CELIA JAIRALA
CELIA JAIRALA
CELIA JAIRALA
ANNA E OQUIN
ANNA E OQUIN
ANNA E OQUIN
CARLOS A RODRIGUEZ
CARLOS A RODRIGUEZ
E WINSTON ROSS, III
E WINSTON ROSS, III
E WINSTON ROSS, III
E WINSTON ROSS, III
E WINSTON ROSS, III
E WINSTON ROSS, III
E WINSTON ROSS, III
E WINSTON ROSS, III
JOSE SALAZAR, JR.
JOSE SALAZAR, JR.
VERONICA D SHIELDS
VERONICA D SHIELDS
FABIOLA DIAZ STAGG
FABIOLA DIAZ STAGG
FABIOLA DIAZ STAGG
NEDRICK L STAGG
NEDRICK L STAGG
NEDRICK L STAGG
NEDRICK L STAGG
NEDRICK L STAGG
NEDRICK L STAGG
NEDRICK L STAGG
NEDRICK L STAGG
NEDRICK L STAGG
NEDRICK L STAGG
NEDRICK L STAGG
NEDRICK L STAGG
NEDRICK L STAGG
NEDRICK L STAGG
NEDRICK L STAGG

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
4901 S GOLIAD, ROCKWALL, TX 75032
104 E GRANT STREET, ROMA, TX 78584
24501 SW FREEWAY, ROSENBERG, TX 77471
3627 AVE H, ROSENBERG, TX 77471-2835
3417 W 1ST, ROSENBERG, TX 77471
2401 N I H 35, ROUND ROCK, TX 78664
1850 E PALM VALLEY, ROUND ROCK, TX 78664
319 UNIVERSITY DRIVE, ROUND ROCK, TX 78665
106 LOUIS HENNA BLVD, ROUND ROCK, TX 78664
4700 E PALM VALLEY (WM #5480), ROUND ROCK, TX 78664
310 N INTERSTATE 35, ROUND ROCK, TX 78664
3505 LAKEVIEW PARKWAY, ROWLETT, TX 75085
8503 LAKEVIEW PARKWAY, ROWLETT, TX 75088
200 W IH 30, ROYSE CITY, TX 75189
516 S DICKENSON DR, RUSK, TX 75785
5230 HWY 78, SACHSE, TX 75048
5321 BLUE MOUND RD, SAGINAW, TX 76106
1165 N SAGINAW BLVD, SAGINAW, TX 76179
305 WILLIAMS RD, SALADO, TX 76571
4330 SOUTHWEST BLVD, SAN ANGELO, TX 76901
520 N BRYANT, SAN ANGELO, TX 76903-5200
610 WEST 29TH STREET (WM #1249), SAN ANGELO, TX 76903
1802 S BRYANT BLVD, SAN ANGELO, TX 76903
10950 HWY 151 SEAWORLD, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78251-1683
13919 NACOGDOCHES, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78217-1283
SAN ANTONIO POTRANCO 1604, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78245
5346 ROOSEVELT AVENUE, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78214
14250 POTRANCO ROAD, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78245
6921 MILITARY DR W, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78227-3619
11700 BLANCO RD, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78216-2404
330 VALLEY HI DR, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78227-4602
2315 SW 36TH ST, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78237
14060 W FM471, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78254
4720 BROADWAY STREET, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78209-6216
11482 PERRIN BEITEL RD, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78217
721 SAN PEDRO AVE, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78212-4611
101 ALAMO PLAZA, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78205-2601
1846 S GEN MCMULLEN, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78226
2922 BLANCO RD, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78212-1813
14630 HUEBNER RD, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78230
15011 JONES MALTSBERGER ROAD, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78247
6350 PEARSALL RD, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78242
12203 JONES MALTSBERGER ROAD, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78247
1450 AUSTIN HWY, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78209
11031 CULEBRA RD, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78254
3806 N LOOP 1604 E, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78247
8819 STATE HWY 151, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78251
3701 PLEASANTON RD, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78221-2815
1643 PLEASANTON ROAD, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78221
10042 S ZARZAMORA STREET, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78224
4619 RITTIMAN RD, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78218-4629
1733 SW LOOP 410, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78227-1601
8349 CULEBRA ROAD, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78251-1602
16522 NACOGDOCHES ROAD, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78233
2512 W LOOP 1604 S, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78245
18146 BLANCO RD, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78232
19915 STONE OAK PARKWAY, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78258
26523 N US HWY 281, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78260
3971 FREDERICKSBURG ROAD, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78201-3231
1142 CULEBRA RD, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78201
6069 INGRAM ROAD, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78238-4403
3033 NOGALITOS, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78225-1926
3515 CULEBRA ROAD, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78228
7212 NW LOOP 410, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78245
9358 CULEBRA ROAD, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78251
5503 NW LOOP 410, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78238
8107 NW LOOP 1604, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78254
926 BANDERA ROAD, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78228
7257 N LOOP 1604, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78256
20750 HWY 281 N, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78259
5700 WALZEM RD, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78218
3835 EAST LOOP 1604 NORTH, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78109
5235 DE ZAVALA DR, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78249
25200 INTERSTATE 10 W LOT 2, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78257
18503 IH 10 WEST, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78257
1330 S LAREDO, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78207
2135 SW MILITARY, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78224-1402
6967 SAN PEDRO AVE, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78216-6206
4422 W COMMERCE ST, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78237-1669
2402 E SOUTHCROSS, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78223-2206
9600 INTERSTATE 10 NW, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78230
102 S WW WHITE, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78219
3502 ROOSEVELT AVENUE, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78214-2845
2646 N PANAMER EXPRY, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78208-1831
15715 SAN PEDRO, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78232-3726
703 W HOUSTON AVE, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78207-3017
7267 WURZBACH, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78229
1819 S NEW BRAUNFELS, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78210-3013
7663 GUILBEAU ROAD, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78250-3226
4331 VANCE JACKSON ROAD, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78230-5320

129

TELEPHONE
469-314-1015
956-849-1045
281-239-2233
281-239-8373
281-239-5384
512-238-7508
512-388-5378
512-341-3798
512-238-7345
512-238-6002
512-255-2451
972-463-0085
972-412-1708
972-635-6880
903-683-5680
972-530-6234
817-625-6441
817-306-0660
254-255-4522
325-949-7787
325-227-8504
325-653-1399
325-805-4856
210-522-9494
210-654-6184
210-682-7400
210-924-0707
210-679-0326
210-674-6321
210-344-9709
210-673-6843
210-431-7900
325-274-4248
210-828-4802
210-655-1995
210-227-5007
210-226-3800
210-436-0006
210-736-3636
210-492-0002
210-545-1780
210-623-8000
210-491-8833
210-824-4129
210-688-9878
210-497-4600
210-647-4445
210-927-9444
210-927-4000
210-964-0649
210-656-6791
210-675-8100
210-522-9292
210-650-0130
210-645-7271
210-408-7400
210-490-2988
956-667-1713
210-734-7688
210-733-8480
210-647-1700
210-927-3335
210-435-5497
210-523-9961
210-680-4675
210-684-3600
210-688-0990
210-438-9030
210-877-2801
210-403-9066
210-599-6860
210-666-6565
210-696-1659
210-687-1232
210-561-9900
210-226-6740
210-924-7379
210-342-6811
210-438-5020
210-533-8771
210-593-0344
210-337-4571
210-927-5273
210-224-8037
210-496-1294
210-271-3565
210-692-9886
210-534-9200
210-647-3588
210-341-7886

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
NEDRICK L STAGG
NEDRICK L STAGG
NEDRICK L STAGG
NEDRICK L STAGG
NEDRICK L STAGG
NEDRICK L STAGG
NEDRICK L STAGG
NEDRICK L STAGG
NEDRICK L STAGG
NEDRICK L STAGG
NEDRICK L STAGG
RUSSELL W ELLIS
RUSSELL W ELLIS
RICHARD A CASTRO
ALFREDO DEL BARRIO, JR.
JORDAN ELLIS
SAM KANTAR
SAM KANTAR
SAM KANTAR
VERONICA RUANO
STEVE MCKINNEY
CELIA JAIRALA
NEDRICK L STAGG
MARISELLE QUIJANO
ROLAND PARRISH
SANJAY BHATIA
E WINSTON ROSS, III
E WINSTON ROSS, III
ROBYN M SNOWBERGER
KEVIN MARTIN
SARA L GALLARDO
SARA L GALLARDO
KENNETH P KADES
DALE R RAABE
BARRY COHEN
ERIC K WILSON
RICHARD A CASTRO
RACHEL KADES
RUSSELL W ELLIS
TYROUS INGRAM, III
JENNIFER BUTKEVICH
JENNIFER BUTKEVICH
JENNIFER BUTKEVICH
KIMBERLY K ELIZONDO
KIMBERLY K ELIZONDO
LAURIE GLASER-SWIFT
LAURIE GLASER-SWIFT
KENNETH P KADES
SUZANNE KESSLER
SUZANNE KESSLER
KYLE G SCHOLZ
KYLE G SCHOLZ
M CHRISTINA SALAZAR
JOSE SALAZAR, JR.
VERONICA RUANO
DANIEL J MOSS
HAZEL KAY SMITH
PATRICIA A ROETZEL
PATRICIA A ROETZEL
STUART W BROWN
STUART W BROWN
THOMAS DEVINE
BILLY WHITAKER
ANAND KUMAR
ERIC K WILSON
EST OF DENNIS M MEYER
DAVID B GLASER
DAVID B GLASER
EDWARD L LUTITO, JR.
EDWARD L LUTITO, JR.
DAVID E FLOYD
DAVID E FLOYD
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
MICHAEL L RETZER JR.
DOUGLAS R ADCOCK
KENNETH P KADES
KENNETH P KADES
KENNETH P KADES
ANNA E OQUIN
DOUGLAS R ADCOCK
DUSTIN BACK
DUSTIN BACK
LAURIE GLASER-SWIFT
KENNETH P KADES
STEVE MCKINNEY
KEVIN L LILLY

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
5304 RIGSBY AVENUE, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78222
826 SOUTH ZARZAMORA STREET, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78207
8631 BROADWAY STREET, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78217
6370 BABCOCK ROAD, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78249
6363 FM 78, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78219
11710 INTERSTATE 35 N, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78233
11611 BANDERA RD, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78250
20115-2 US HIGHWAY 281 S, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78221
3302 SE MILITARY (WM #5246), SAN ANTONIO, TX 78223
3231 SW MILITARY, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78211
8815 POTEET JOURDANTON FWY, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78224
821 S SAM HOUSTON, SAN BENITO, TX 78586-3062
1144 BUSINESS HWY 77, SAN BENITO, TX 78586
13296 SOCORRO RD, SAN ELIZARIO, TX 79849
824 W BUSINESS 83, SAN JUAN, TX 78589
3701 N RAUL LONGORIA RD, SAN JUAN, TX 78589
1105 I 35 N, SAN MARCOS, TX 78667
1001 HWY 123, SAN MARCOS, TX 78666
4060 S INTERSTATE 35, SAN MARCOS, TX 78666
601 N STEMMONS ST, SANGER, TX 76266
12400 HWY 6, SANTA FE, TX 77510
21600 IH-35 N, SCHERTZ, TX 78108
17480 I 35 N, SCHERTZ, TX 78154
2800 BAYPORT BLVD, SEABROOK, TX 77586
100 N HWY 175, SEAGOVILLE, TX 75159
1724 MEYER ST, SEALY, TX 77474-3928
1811 I 10 W, SEGUIN, TX 78155
1388 E CT, SEGUIN, TX 78155
1001 HOBBS HWY, SEMINOLE, TX 79360
1235 N MAIN, SHAMROCK, TX 79079
2217 TEXOMA PKY N, SHERMAN, TX 75090-2871
3612 S US HWY 75, SHERMAN, TX 75092
610 HWY 96, SILSBEE, TX 77656-9307
13888 FM 1945, SINTON, TX 78387
655 HWY 84, SLATON, TX 79364
3414 COLLEGE AVE, SNYDER, TX 79549-4633
10303 ALAMEDA AVE, SOCORRO, TX 79927
503 COLLEGE AVE, SOUTH HOUSTON, TX 77587
908 S PADRE BLVD, SOUTH PADRE ISLAND, TX 78597
225 N KIMBALL, SOUTHLAKE, TX 76092
21330 I 45 N, SPRING, TX 77373-2901
2911 RAYFORD RD, SPRING, TX 77386
2125 FM 2920 RD, SPRING, TX 77388
22815 CYPRESSWOOD DR, SPRING, TX 77373
27515 CYPRESSWOOD, SPRING, TX 77373
8718 SPRING CYPRESS RD, SPRING, TX 77379
10611 GRAND PARKWAY, SPRING, TX 77379
25222 I 45 N, SPRING, TX 77386
21150 KUYKENDAHL ROAD (WM #5287), SPRING, TX 77388
5905 FARM TO MARKET 2920, SPRING, TX 77388
7140 LOUETTA RD, SPRING, TX 77379
18604 KUYKENDAHL ROAD, SPRING, TX 77379
20615 SH 46, SPRING BRANCH, TX 78070
7765 HIGHWAY 281 N, SPRING BRANCH, TX 78070
421 E HWY 199, SPRINGTOWN, TX 76082
11210 W AIRPORT (WM #915), STAFFORD, TX 77477
3643 MAIN STREET, STAFFORD, TX 77477
1416 W WASHINGTON ST, STEPHENVILLE, TX 76401-4141
2819 W WASHINGTON ST, STEPHENVILLE, TX 76401
1460 HWY 6, SUGAR LAND, TX 77479
345 HWY 6 (WM #2993), SUGAR LAND, TX 77478
3401 HWY 6, SUGAR LAND, TX 77478
1053 ELDRIDGE, SUGAR LAND, TX 77478
121 E SHANNON RD, SULPHUR SPRINGS, TX 75482-4822
201 NE GEORGIA STREET, SWEETWATER, TX 79556
2501 N MAIN, TAYLOR, TX 76574
3814 S GENERAL BRUCE DR, TEMPLE, TX 76502
6811 W ADAMS AVE, TEMPLE, TX 76502
1601 W ADAMS, TEMPLE, TX 76501
3403 S 31ST ST, TEMPLE, TX 76501
1704 HWY 34 S, TERRELL, TX 75160-5300
91 STATE HIGHWAY 205, TERRELL, TX 75160
1701 NEW BOSTON RD, TEXARKANA, TX 75501-3501
4929 STATE LINE AVE, TEXARKANA, TX 75503
2105 RICHMOND RD, TEXARKANA, TX 75501
4411 W 7TH ST, TEXARKANA, TX 75501-6351
5102 SUMMER CROSSING, TEXARKANA, TX 75503
451 LEARY RD, TEXARKANA, TX 75501
1025 SAWDUST ROAD (WM #602), THE WOODLANDS, TX 77380
4600 WOODLANDS PKY, THE WOODLANDS, TX 77381-3586
6730 WOODLANDS PKY, THE WOODLANDS, TX 77355
9110 WEST GOSLING, THE WOODLANDS, TX 77381
2645 HWY 37 S, THREE RIVERS, TX 78071
22605 SH 249 (WM #5045), TOMBALL, TX 77377
11355 FM 2920, TOMBALL, TX 77375
24104 KUYKENDAHL ROAD, TOMBALL, TX 77375
24421 SH 249, TOMBALL, TX 77375
1406 W MAIN, TOMBALL, TX 77375
17902 FM 2920, TOMBALL, TX 77377
505 S ROBB ST, TRINITY, TX 75862

130

TELEPHONE
210-333-3444
210-438-1696
210-822-4714
210-558-4588
210-662-4855
210-637-1611
210-521-2095
956-517-5636
210-337-1100
210-924-1884
210-251-4440
956-399-4033
956-399-6845
915-851-6581
956-702-5299
956-855-6960
512-353-5033
512-353-5110
512-392-2772
940-458-6601
281-378-3452
830-312-5322
210-651-9476
281-942-9056
972-287-4283
979-885-4132
830-379-0076
830-379-4492
432-758-2992
806-256-2567
903-893-5927
903-957-2510
409-385-5323
361-364-9230
806-828-5300
325-574-2100
915-858-0066
713-946-0012
956-761-4999
817-329-8959
281-288-5656
346-293-0396
281-907-0585
281-821-2808
281-907-0454
281-257-2099
832-447-7788
281-292-5700
281-355-0387
281-651-6777
281-370-4357
281-350-2590
830-980-8080
830-228-4422
817-523-7106
832-351-3015
281-499-0395
254-965-3777
254-965-8928
281-980-0722
281-491-3235
281-980-3553
281-565-4411
903-885-1336
325-235-1520
512-352-2831
254-773-3000
254-771-9901
254-778-0314
254-771-2889
972-563-3664
972-563-3324
903-793-3311
903-792-6624
903-838-0599
903-831-0222
903-793-6055
903-831-3417
281-419-1286
281-298-1515
281-363-1660
281-298-4006
361-786-1020
281-257-9236
281-255-2434
281-255-9200
281-430-3033
281-351-7000
281-255-0235
936-594-0148

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
EDWARD L LUTITO, JR.
JONATHAN C KELLEY
JONATHAN R KELLEY
JONATHAN C KELLEY
JONATHAN C KELLEY
JONATHAN R KELLEY
KEVIN L LILLY
KEVIN L LILLY
KEVIN L LILLY
KEVIN L LILLY
KEVIN L LILLY
LUIS ANTONIO A ACOSTA
FRANK N MENDOZA
TARA O'REILLY
WILLIAM STORY
DENNY VARGHESE
ROBERT WEZEMAN
ROBERT WEZEMAN
ROBERT WEZEMAN
ROBERT WEZEMAN
KENNETH P KADES
VINCENTE GONZALES, JR.
HAMPTON CONLAN
HAMPTON CONLAN
LYNETTE CONLAN
LYNETTE CONLAN
LYNETTE CONLAN
TONY E GILLEY
VERA INGRAM
DAVID E FLOYD
DAVID E FLOYD
LORI BLANTON
RACHEL KADES
NELLY QUIJANO
CARLA J MOORE
JORDAN ELLIS
JORDAN ELLIS
JORDAN ELLIS
JORDAN ELLIS
VINCENTE GONZALES, JR.
DANIEL CARREON
IGNACIO DE LEON
MICHAEL SCHMID
HENRY CHARLES O'REILLY, III
MICHAEL K VANECEK
KEVIN L LILLY
SARA L GALLARDO
PATRICIA A ROETZEL
TRAVIS CLARKE
TRAVIS CLARKE
VERONICA RUANO
VERONICA RUANO
VERONICA RUANO
KENNETH P KADES
MARTHA HARTMAN
KEVIN L LILLY
ABNER CASAS
ANAND KUMAR
KENNETH P KADES
IGNACIO DE LEON
JAMES C WATSON
MARK PARRISH
WILLIAM R PETERSON
MARK PARRISH
MARK PARRISH
JAMES C WATSON
BOBBY J ROETZEL
JAMES C WATSON
JAMES C WATSON
DAVID M PARRISH
ALEKSANDER B HANSEN
ALEKSANDER B HANSEN
ROBERT C SPARRER
ROBERT PARRISH
BOBBY J ROETZEL
BLAKE C TROESTER
ALLEN N WATSON
ROBERT C SPARRER
MARK PARRISH
WILLIAM R PETERSON
MARK PARRISH
BOBBY J ROETZEL
CHRISTINA E SPARRER-BAER
CHRISTINA E SPARRER-BAER
BOBBY J ROETZEL
JAMES C WATSON
JAMES C WATSON
JAMES C WATSON
ROBERT C SPARRER
ROBERT C SPARRER

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
1610 COTTON GIN RD, TROY, TX 76579
1300 S BECKHAM AVE, TYLER, TX 75701-3322
3109 W GENTRY PLACE, TYLER, TX 75702-1310
2705 E 5TH ST, TYLER, TX 75701-5022
3820 HWY 64 WEST (WM #1022), TYLER, TX 75702-7605
180 LOOP 323 SSW, TYLER, TX 75702
4014 S BROADWAY, TYLER, TX 75701-8717
2034 E SE LOOP 323, TYLER, TX 75701-8316
5802 S BROADWAY, TYLER, TX 75703-4349
12881 FM 14, TYLER, TX 75706
5894 OLD JACKSONVILLE HWY, TYLER, TX 75703
713 PAT BOOKER RD, UNIVERSAL CITY, TX 78148-4127
510 E MAIN STREET, UVALDE, TX 78801-5715
1001 W STEPHENS, VAN ALSTYNE, TX 75495
1809 SE FRONTAGE RD, VAN HORN, TX 79855
801 HILLCREST DR, VERNON, TX 76384
3112 N NAVARRO RD, VICTORIA, TX 77901-3924
2701 HOUSTON HWY, VICTORIA, TX 77901-5740
7808 N NAVARRO, VICTORIA, TX 77904
3112 S LAURENT ST, VICTORIA, TX 77901
765 N MAIN, VIDOR, TX 77662-4535
906 S 6TH ST, WACO, TX 76703
913 HEWITT DR, WACO, TX 76712
10200 CHINA SPRING ROAD, WACO, TX 76708
1225 N VALLEY MILLS DR, WACO, TX 76710-4427
3733 N 19TH ST, WACO, TX 76708
4330 FRANKLIN AVENUE, WACO, TX 76710
510 NORTH I-20 EAST, WASKOM, TX 75692
7040 DENTON HWY, WATAUGA, TX 75116-1911
1207 N HWY 77, WAXAHACHIE, TX 75165-5115
1449 FM 66, WAXAHACHIE, TX 75167
2407 S MAIN, WEATHERFORD, TX 76086-6141
534 1/2 ELDORADO BLVD, WEBSTER, TX 77598-2202
1453 W BAY AREA BLVD, WEBSTER, TX 77598-3831
722 S EAGLE ST, WEIMAR, TX 78962
1025 N TEXAS, WESLACO, TX 78596-4510
3318 E BUS HWY 83, WESLACO, TX 78596
2510 N INTERNATIONAL BLVD, WESLACO, TX 78599
200 W 18TH ST, WESLACO, TX 78596
22119 I-35 N I-35, WEST, TX 76691
808 S COLUMBIA DR, WEST COLUMBIA, TX 77486
3300 BEE CAVES RD, WEST LAKE HILLS, TX 78746
1404 N RICHMOND, WHARTON, TX 77488-3018
609 E US HWY 80, WHITE OAK, TX 75693
8540 WEST FREEWAY, WHITE SETTLEMENT, TX 76108
603 HWY 110, WHITEHOUSE, TX 75791
871 HWY 377 N, WHITESBORO, TX 76273
1317-A N BRAZOS, WHITNEY, TX 76692
3103 KEMP BLVD, WICHITA FALLS, TX 76308-1829
4035 SOUTHWEST PKY, WICHITA FALLS, TX 76308
1607 ENTERPRISE, WICHITA FALLS, TX 76306-2401
1412 HOLIDAY ST, WICHITA FALLS, TX 76301-7107
1423 SOUTHWEST PARKWAY, WICHITA FALLS, TX 76302
1002 S I 45, WILLIS, TX 77378
5090 I-H 20 EAST SERVICE ROAD, WILLOW PARK, TX 76008
136 E SOUTH COMMERCE ST, WILLS POINT, TX 75169
45951 IH 10, WINNIE, TX 77665
314 E COKE ROAD, WINNSBORO, TX 75494
1100 S MAGNOLIA, WOODVILLE, TX 75979
116 SOUTH US HWY 83, ZAPATA, TX 78076
406 E STATE, AMERICAN FORK, UT 84003-2559
365 W 1400 N, BEAVER, UT 84713-5155
902 S MAIN ST, BRIGHAM CITY, UT 84302-3162
1026 W 200 N, CEDAR CITY, UT 84720-2306
992 S MAIN ST, CEDAR CITY, UT 84720
10180 N 4800 WEST STREET, CEDAR HILLS, UT 84062
529 N 700 W, CENTERVILLE, UT 84014
691 N MAIN ST, CLEARFIELD, UT 84015-3249
1866 NORTH 2000 WEST, CLINTON, UT 84015
290 E MAIN ST, DELTA, UT 84624
303 E 12300 S, DRAPER, UT 84020
13628 SOUTH 200 WEST, DRAPER, UT 84020
4137 EAST PONY EXPRESS PKWY, EAGLE MOUNTAIN, UT 84005
549 S MAIN, EPHRAIM, UT 84627
1080 GRAND AVE, FARMINGTON, UT 84025
1838 W 2700 N, FARR WEST, UT 84404
610 S MAIN ST, HEBER CITY, UT 84032
5018 WEST 13400 SOUTH, HERRIMAN, UT 84096
1180 W STATE ST, HURRICANE, UT 84737
25 S 800 EAST, HYRUM, UT 84319
159 EAST 300 S, KANAB, UT 84741
320 W 200 N, KAYSVILLE, UT 84037
5400 S 3900 W, KEARNS, UT 84118
8727 UT-36, LAKE POINT, UT 84074-9463
W INDUSTRIAL PARK DR (WM #1699), LAYTON, UT 84041
2080 N MAIN, LAYTON, UT 84041-4942
1075 E GENTILE, LAYTON, UT 84041
1155 N HILLFIELD RD, LAYTON, UT 84041-4845
48 S 850 EAST, LEHI, UT 84043
3550 N DIGITAL DR, LEHI, UT 84043

131

TELEPHONE
254-938-2584
903-593-7987
903-593-6730
903-566-8762
903-597-0091
903-595-1524
903-534-9769
903-593-7951
903-561-5459
903-526-5168
903-939-0520
210-658-1551
830-278-1185
903-712-2006
432-283-2692
940-553-1881
361-575-4342
361-578-4461
361-575-3390
361-485-0201
409-769-7027
254-756-0831
254-666-5743
254-836-0600
254-772-2082
254-714-1055
254-776-8406
903-687-2445
817-427-5743
972-937-0844
972-923-0242
817-594-6215
281-488-3326
281-338-2077
979-725-1000
956-968-6554
956-514-2454
956-855-7947
956-877-3062
254-296-8269
979-345-3623
512-327-9480
979-532-8884
903-295-2944
817-420-9534
903-839-1123
903-564-6700
254-694-1114
940-691-0525
940-691-8866
940-855-6542
940-767-1339
940-766-2366
936-856-3242
817-441-7454
903-873-2564
409-296-9107
903-342-3165
409-283-5855
956-765-6700
801-441-7555
435-438-5500
435-723-3624
435-586-4700
435-701-7152
801-763-1841
801-295-3091
801-441-7558
801-441-7567
435-864-3345
801-523-2620
801-572-5133
801-789-2550
435-283-4915
801-813-0537
801-689-3471
801-441-7566
801-446-3243
435-635-3188
435-245-0635
435-644-5563
801-547-9470
801-969-1460
801-250-6872
801-544-8381
801-441-7573
801-441-7559
801-441-7560
801-766-0701
801-768-3575

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
ROBERT C SPARRER
WILLIAM R PETERSON
WILLIAM R PETERSON
CHRISTINA E SPARRER-BAER
TREVOR ROBERTS
BRENT C STRINGHAM
DOUGLAS R KING
JAMES C WATSON
TREVOR ROBERTS
TREVOR ROBERTS
ALEKSANDER B HANSEN
DARRELL TROESTER
DARRELL TROESTER
JAMES C WATSON
JAMES C WATSON
JAMES C WATSON
JAMES C WATSON
JAMES C WATSON
JAMES C WATSON
BOBBY J ROETZEL
JAMES C WATSON
MARK PARRISH
MARK PARRISH
BOBBY J ROETZEL
ROBERT PARRISH
BLAKE C TROESTER
BLAKE C TROESTER
ROBERT C SPARRER
MARK PARRISH
JAMES C WATSON
JAMES C WATSON
BOBBY J ROETZEL
BOBBY J ROETZEL
CHRISTINA E SPARRER-BAER
CHRISTINA E SPARRER-BAER
CHRISTINA E SPARRER-BAER
CHRISTINA E SPARRER-BAER
CHRISTINA E SPARRER-BAER
CHRISTINA E SPARRER-BAER
CHRISTINA E SPARRER-BAER
BRENT C STRINGHAM
JAMES C WATSON
JAMES C WATSON
JAMES C WATSON
JAMES C WATSON
JAMES C WATSON
JAMES C WATSON
TREVOR ROBERTS
BRENT C STRINGHAM
BRENT C STRINGHAM
BRENT C STRINGHAM
ALEKSANDER B HANSEN
ROBERT C SPARRER
WILLIAM R PETERSON
ROBERT C SPARRER
ROBERT C SPARRER
ROBERT C SPARRER
BLAKE C TROESTER
DARRELL TROESTER
BOBBY J ROETZEL
BOBBY J ROETZEL
BOBBY J ROETZEL
BOBBY J ROETZEL
MARK PARRISH
MARK PARRISH
MARK PARRISH
MARK PARRISH
JAMES C WATSON
ROBERT C SPARRER
ROBERT C SPARRER
CHRISTINA E SPARRER-BAER
WILLIAM R PETERSON
MARK PARRISH
MARK PARRISH
MARK PARRISH
BOBBY J ROETZEL
BLAKE C TROESTER
ROBERT C SPARRER
ROBERT C SPARRER
ROBERT C SPARRER
CHRISTINA E SPARRER-BAER
CHRISTINA E SPARRER-BAER
CHRISTINA E SPARRER-BAER
CHRISTINA E SPARRER-BAER
CHRISTINA E SPARRER-BAER
ALEKSANDER B HANSEN
MICHAEL J CARTER
MICHAEL J CARTER
MICHAEL J CARTER
LUIS C MATEOS

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
3643 W 2150 N, LEHI, UT 84043
810 N MAIN ST, LOGAN, UT 84321
1035 S HWY 89, LOGAN, UT 84321
3540 S 8400 W, MAGNA, UT 84044
425 W 7200 S, MIDVALE, UT 84047-1040
895 E FORT UNION BLVD, MIDVALE, UT 84047-1711
640 S MAIN, MOAB, UT 84532-2926
297 E 300 N, MORGAN, UT 84050
5875 S STATE ST, MURRAY, UT 84107-6134
4452 S 300 WEST, MURRAY, UT 84107-2632
1422 S MAIN STREET, NEPHI, UT 84648
2605 N WASHINGTON, NORTH OGDEN, UT 84414
1111 WASHINGTON BLVD, OGDEN, UT 84404-4950
15 N STATE, OREM, UT 84057-5507
1265 S SANDHILL RD, OREM, UT 84058
1611 N STATE ST, OREM, UT 84057
1140 W 800 N, OREM, UT 84057
650 E 800 S, OREM, UT 84097
6450 N LANDMARK DR, PARK CITY, UT 84060-5958
789 MAIN ST, PAYSON, UT 84651
312 E STATE ST, PLEASANT GROVE, UT 84062
409 E MAIN ST, PRICE, UT 84501
211 W 1230 N, PROVO, UT 84604-2546
1225 S UNIVERSITY AVE, PROVO, UT 84601-5944
1000 S US HWY 89, RICHFIELD, UT 84701-3101
909 W RIVERDALE RD, RIVERDALE, UT 84405
4848 S 900 W (WM #1708), RIVERDALE, UT 84405
2002 W 12600 S, RIVERTON, UT 84065
621 E 200 NORTH, ROOSEVELT, UT 84066
5413 S 1900 W, ROY, UT 84067-2908
4070 SOUTH MIDLAND DRIVE, ROY, UT 84067
406 E 870 N, SALEM, UT 84653
36 S STATE ST (CITY CREEK CENTER), SALT LAKE CITY, UT 84111
2310 E 2100 S, SALT LAKE CITY, UT 84109-1319
242 S 700 E, SALT LAKE CITY, UT 84102-2106
3289 E VALLEY ST, SALT LAKE CITY, UT 84109-4217
916 W NORTH TEMPLE, SALT LAKE CITY, UT 84116-3350
945 E 2100 S, SALT LAKE CITY, UT 84105
1655 S REDWOOD RD, SALT LAKE CITY, UT 84104
1665 W 700 N, SALT LAKE CITY, UT 84116
7024 S HIGHLAND DR, SALT LAKE CITY, UT 84121
1533 S STATE ST, SALT LAKE CITY, UT 84115-1610
1879 E 4800 S, SALT LAKE CITY, UT 84117-5110
17 E 3300 SOUTH ST, SALT LAKE CITY, UT 84115
210 W 5TH S, SALT LAKE CITY, UT 84106
3890 S 1100 EAST, SALT LAKE CITY, UT 84115
2064 S 300 W, SALT LAKE CITY, UT 84115
9346 S 700 E, SANDY, UT 84070
10550 S 1300 E, SANDY, UT 84070
1896 E 9400 S, SANDY, UT 84092
11229 S AUTO MALL DR, SANDY, UT 84092
38 NORTH 500 EAST, SANTAQUIN, UT 84655
173 EAST STATE ROAD 73, SARATOGA SPRINGS, UT 84043
180 N MAIN, SMITHFIELD, UT 84335
10381 S REDWOOD, SOUTH JORDAN, UT 84095
11374 SOUTH RIVER HEIGHTS DRIVE, SOUTH JORDAN, UT 84095
5434 W DAYBREAK PKWY, SOUTH JORDAN, UT 84009
3875 S WASHINGTON BLVD, SOUTH OGDEN, UT 84403
5745 SOUTH HARRISON BLVD, SOUTH OGDEN, UT 84403
950 E EXPRESSWAY LN, SPANISH FORK, UT 84660-1300
1455 N MAIN, SPRINGVILLE, UT 84663
358 S 2000 W, SPRINGVILLE, UT 84663
961 W 400 S, SPRINGVILLE, UT 84663
798 E SAINT GEORGE BLVD, ST GEORGE, UT 84770
1235 S BLUFF, ST GEORGE, UT 84770-5249
1911 W SUNSET BLVD, ST GEORGE, UT 84770
1404 E GEORGE WASHINGTON BLVD, ST GEORGE, UT 84790
867 W 1700 S, SYRACUSE, UT 84075
4217 S REDWOOD RD, TAYLORSVILLE, UT 84123
5571 S REDWOOD RD, TAYLORSVILLE, UT 84123
970 N MAIN, TOOELE, UT 84074
2300 W MAIN ST, TREMONTON, UT 84337
1050 W HWY 40, VERNAL, UT 84079
922 N COMMERCE BLVD, WASHINGTON, UT 84780
735 W TELEGRAPH ST, WASHINGTON CITY, UT 84780
500 SOUTH, WEST BOUNTIFUL, UT 84010
2085 S 1100 W, WEST HAVEN, UT 84401
1780 W 7800 S, WEST JORDAN, UT 84084
1265 W 9000 S, WEST JORDAN, UT 84095
3963 W 9000 S, WEST JORDAN, UT 84088
4601 W 6200 S, WEST JORDAN, UT 84118
5706 WEST 7800 SOUTH, WEST JORDAN, UT 84081
3464 W 3500 S, WEST VALLEY, UT 84119
3497 S 5600 W, WEST VALLEY CITY, UT 84120-1319
5338 SOUTH 5600 WEST, WEST VALLEY CITY, UT 84118
610 W 2600 S, WOODS CROSS, UT 84010-8190
525 CUMMINGS ST, ABINGDON, VA 24210
1105 OLD BERRY DR, ABINGDON, VA 24210
24482 LEE HIGHWAY, ABINGDON, VA 24211
121 W GLEBE RD, ALEXANDRIA, VA 22305

132

TELEPHONE
385-352-7111
435-753-3119
435-755-8060
801-508-0552
801-561-0733
801-566-9972
435-259-8800
385-486-4189
801-266-2401
801-263-9940
435-250-8298
801-737-4051
801-621-1905
801-441-6486
801-226-6938
801-426-5250
801-225-4559
801-820-0666
801-441-7556
801-465-4241
801-441-7564
435-637-6825
801-374-6909
801-373-0370
435-896-8285
801-622-8880
801-393-8559
801-254-3327
435-722-5822
801-441-7553
801-441-7569
385-344-8031
801-322-5922
801-467-2311
801-532-9147
801-487-5615
801-521-4211
801-484-3382
801-973-0707
801-532-6876
801-733-9340
801-441-7552
801-277-6639
385-267-1179
801-441-7557
801-265-9771
385-549-1914
801-561-1692
801-571-7341
801-619-0613
801-572-7805
801-294-5810
801-768-4477
435-563-3477
801-253-1491
801-282-0143
801-253-6047
801-621-1951
801-479-4502
801-504-6160
801-491-6652
801-489-5668
385-685-5928
435-673-5938
435-673-1422
435-688-2199
435-674-4005
801-441-7565
801-266-9615
801-261-3800
435-882-3811
435-257-6209
435-789-4007
435-922-0832
435-652-6100
801-292-0426
801-605-8350
801-561-0217
801-568-5184
801-282-1700
801-965-6407
801-432-7566
801-969-5192
801-965-9058
801-890-0679
801-294-4361
276-628-6242
276-628-4442
276-676-0242
703-549-4429

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
LUIS C MATEOS
LUIS C MATEOS
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
ANNE H BLAND
RAJESH SAINANI
RAJESH SAINANI
ASHLEY WELBURN
DANIEL H JACKSON
ISAAC D GREEN
MICHAEL W FREEMAN
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
ANDREW WELBURN
LUIS C MATEOS
LUIS E GAVIGNANO
CARLOS R MATEOS
KYU HYUN RHEE
KYU HYUN RHEE
RAJESH SAINANI
RAJESH SAINANI
RAJESH SAINANI
LAURIE B BARNES
LAURIE B BARNES
LAURIE B BARNES
JOHN E SULLIVAN III
KRISTINA GRUMIAUX
DANIEL H JACKSON
RAJESH SAINANI
JAKE FARIS
MICHAEL K GRIMM
MICHAEL W FREEMAN
JAKE FARIS
LAURIE B BARNES
A PRICE BOXLEY IV
MICHAEL J CARTER
HARJINDER SAINANI
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
AHMAD AFSHARI
RAJESH SAINANI
A PRICE BOXLEY IV
A PRICE BOXLEY IV
A PRICE BOXLEY IV
A PRICE BOXLEY IV
A PRICE BOXLEY IV
DANIEL H JACKSON
MICHAEL A MEOLI
KYLE HARMON
JOHN W MAYER, JR.
JOHN W MAYER, JR.
JOHN W MAYER, JR.
JAMES WHEELER
LESLIE LYNNE WHEELER
LESLIE LYNNE WHEELER
LESLIE LYNNE WHEELER
LESLIE LYNNE WHEELER
JENNIFER D YAW
THOMAS COLEMAN BISHOP, JR.
THOMAS COLEMAN BISHOP, JR.
MICHAEL D TRAUB
ISAAC D GREEN
MICHAEL J CARTER
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
MICHAEL K GRIMM
MICHAEL K GRIMM
MICHAEL W FREEMAN
JAKE FARIS
ADRIAN T SMITH
LAURIE B BARNES
CAREY BURNETT
CAREY BURNETT
WILLIAM D BARNES, JR.
DANIEL H JACKSON
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
JEREMY HORST
ADRIAN T SMITH
ADRIAN T SMITH
ADRIAN T SMITH
ADRIAN T SMITH
ANDREW WELBURN
MICHAEL K GRIMM
JAKE FARIS
LUIS C MATEOS
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
A PRICE BOXLEY IV
ISAAC D GREEN
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
AHMAD AFSHARI
KYU HYUN RHEE
KYU HYUN RHEE

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
7910 RICHMOND HWY (WM #2258), ALEXANDRIA, VA 22306
1000 N HENRY ST, ALEXANDRIA, VA 22314
6020 ROSE HILL DR, ALEXANDRIA, VA 22310
4803 LEESBURG PIKE, ALEXANDRIA, VA 22302
7580 TELEGRAPH RD, ALEXANDRIA, VA 22315
5311 DUKE ST, ALEXANDRIA, VA 22304
5600 FRANCONIA RD, ALEXANDRIA, VA 22310
404 MAIN ST, ALTAVISTA, VA 24517
15175 PATRICK HENRY HWY, AMELIA COURT HOUSE, VA 23002
135 RICHMOND HWY, AMHERST, VA 24521
7010 BRADLICK SHOPPING CENTER, ANNANDALE, VA 22003
460 COURT ST, APPOMATTOX, VA 24522
2026 CONCESSIONS PENTAGON, ARLINGTON, VA 22209
1100 S HAYES ST (FASHION CENTRE MALL), ARLINGTON, VA 22202
1800 N LYNN ST, ARLINGTON, VA 22209
5009 WILSON BLVD, ARLINGTON, VA 22203
40 N GLEBE RD, ARLINGTON, VA 22203
5005 COLUMBIA PIKE, ARLINGTON, VA 22204-2906
44131 ASHBURN SHOPPING PLZ, ASHBURN, VA 20147
43210 SOUTHERN WALK PLZ, ASHBURN, VA 20148
103 S CARTER RD, ASHLAND, VA 23005
10042 SLIDING HILL RD, ASHLAND, VA 23005
201 S WASHINGTON HWY, ASHLAND, VA 23005
5745 VIRGINIA AVE, BASSETT FORKS, VA 24055
11027 MARSH RD, BEALETON, VA 22712
1128 E LYNCHBURG SALEM TPKE, BEDFORD, VA 24523
420 MCNEIL DRIVE, BERRYVILLE, VA 22611
1935 NEELEY RD, BIG STONE GAP, VA 24219
110 TURNER ST, BLACKSBURG, VA 24060
303 MAIN ST, BLACKSTONE, VA 23824
506 COMMERCE DR, BLUEFIELD, VA 24605
301 W BROADDUS AVE, BOWLING GREEN, VA 22427
516 N MAIN, BRIDGEWATER, VA 22812
2633 LEE HWY, BRISTOL, VA 24201
5651 BURKE CENTRE PKY, BURKE, VA 22015
22492 LANKFORD HWY, CAPE CHARLES, VA 23310
5931 FORT DR, CENTREVILLE, VA 20120
4424 BROOKFIELD CORPORATE DR, CHANTILLY, VA 20151
941 EMMETT ST, CHARLOTTESVILLE, VA 22902
100 TWENTYNINTH PLACE COURT, CHARLOTTESVILLE, VA 22901
475 RIDGE-MCINTIRE RD, CHARLOTTESVILLE, VA 22903
1294 STONEY POINT RD, CHARLOTTESVILLE, VA 22911
3287 WORTH CROSSING, CHARLOTTESVILLE, VA 22911
USHY 29 & 703, CHATHAM, VA 24531
1401 22ND ST, CHESAPEAKE, VA 23324
3350 S MILITARY HWY, CHESAPEAKE, VA 23323
400 S BATTLEFIELD BLVD, CHESAPEAKE, VA 23322
3937 PORTSMOUTH BLVD, CHESAPEAKE, VA 23321
209 HILLCREST PARKWAY, CHESAPEAKE, VA 23322
3212 WESTERN BRANCH BLVD, CHESAPEAKE, VA 23321
1374 S MILITARY HWY, CHESAPEAKE, VA 23320
673 N BATTLEFIELD BLVD, CHESAPEAKE, VA 23320
805 VOLVO PKY, CHESAPEAKE, VA 23320
401 CENTERVILLE TPKE S, CHESAPEAKE, VA 23322
1256 CEDAR RD, CHESAPEAKE, VA 23322
12530 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY, CHESTER, VA 23831
13131 KINGSTON AVE, CHESTER, VA 23836
10300 IRON BRIDGE RD, CHESTER, VA 23831
14540 HANCOCK VILLAGE STREET, CHESTERFIELD, VA 23832
309 S WHITETOP RD, CHILHOWIE, VA 24319
7039 MADDOX BLVD, CHINCOTEAGUE, VA 23336
1595 N FRANKLIN PLZ, CHRISTIANSBURG, VA 24073
2385 ROANOKE ST, CHRISTIANSBURG, VA 24073
200 VIRGINIA AVE, CLARKSVILLE, VA 23927
116 COLLEY SHOPPING CENTER DR, CLINTWOOD, VA 24228
2757 S VIRGINIA AVE, COLLINSVILLE, VA 24078
800 MCKINNEY BLVD, COLONIAL BEACH, VA 22443
1101 BOULEVARD, COLONIAL HEIGHTS, VA 23834
411 S PARK CIR, COLONIAL HEIGHTS, VA 23834
15700 WOODS EDGE RD, COLONIAL HEIGHTS, VA 23834
100 MALL RD, COVINGTON, VA 24426
110 JAMES MADISON HIGHWAY, CULPEPER, VA 22701
4245 DALE BLVD, DALE CITY, VA 22193
13698 MAPLEDALE AVE, DALE CITY, VA 22193
2891 DALE BLVD, DALE CITY, VA 22193
348 OLD RIVERSIDE DR, DANVILLE, VA 24541
1435 PINEY FOREST RD, DANVILLE, VA 24540
1463 S BOSTON RD, DANVILLE, VA 24540
683 W MAIN ST, DANVILLE, VA 24541-0000
14009 BUCKINGHAM CENTRE, DILLWYN, VA 23936
4641 CLEBURNE BLVD, DUBLIN, VA 24084
US 23 & US 58, DUFFIELD, VA 24244
18050 TRIANGLE PLAZA, DUMFRIES, VA 22026
17340 DUMFRIES ROAD, DUMFRIES, VA 22026
161 W ROCKINGHAM RD, ELKTON, VA 22827
905 MARKET DR, EMPORIA, VA 23847
4183 LANKFORD HWY, EXMORE, VA 23350
12700 SHOPS LN, FAIRFAX, VA 22033
3951 PICKETT RD, FAIRFAX, VA 22030
4040 JERMANTOWN RD, FAIRFAX, VA 22030

133

TELEPHONE
703-619-0524
571-312-3286
703-924-1945
703-671-7753
703-922-4724
703-751-7919
703-971-8198
434-369-5885
804-561-5544
434-946-9009
703-813-6095
434-352-2878
703-920-3141
703-418-4020
571-257-7789
703-525-0522
703-243-5694
703-820-9042
703-729-5093
703-729-7906
804-798-5809
804-550-2906
804-798-6903
276-629-1796
540-439-3308
540-586-5077
540-955-8728
276-523-2820
540-552-2667
434-292-4977
276-322-2947
804-633-1212
540-828-3841
276-466-3522
703-250-3652
757-331-1855
703-266-2741
703-378-9204
434-295-6092
434-973-3055
434-977-2984
434-295-6677
434-975-1112
434-432-2966
757-543-3086
757-487-5474
757-482-3700
757-488-5379
757-432-8800
757-484-1356
757-420-8296
757-436-0341
757-547-8850
757-546-0068
757-547-0358
804-748-9328
804-530-3453
804-768-0578
804-739-6051
276-646-2291
757-336-3644
540-382-3477
540-382-4452
434-374-3926
276-926-6983
276-647-1947
804-224-9255
804-526-8268
804-526-8847
804-524-9590
540-962-5660
540-825-5678
703-680-2994
703-670-4120
571-285-1322
434-797-2249
434-836-4534
434-793-1851
434-799-2690
434-983-2809
540-674-1722
276-690-7657
703-634-2283
703-221-8586
540-298-0450
434-634-9695
757-442-3534
703-968-3620
703-503-9116
703-352-5264

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
RAJESH SAINANI
RAJESH SAINANI
RAJESH SAINANI
RAJESH SAINANI
A PRICE BOXLEY IV
AHMAD AFSHARI
ANNE H BLAND
RAJESH SAINANI
RAJESH SAINANI
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
ANDREW WELBURN
A PRICE BOXLEY IV
TROY A COOPER
TROY A COOPER
BILL M TAYLOR
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
COURTNEY W HOLEMAN
CRAIG B WELBURN, JR
CRAIG B WELBURN, JR
CRAIG B WELBURN, JR
CRAIG B WELBURN, JR
NICHOLAS J NERANGIS, JR.
NICHOLAS J NERANGIS, JR.
MARK C PAINTER
JAKE FARIS
ISAAC D GREEN
ISAAC D GREEN
ISAAC D GREEN
WILLIAM D BARNES, JR.
JAMES WHEELER
CRAIG B WELBURN, JR
DANIEL H JACKSON
GIUSEPPE GIAIMO
GIUSEPPE GIAIMO
GIUSEPPE GIAIMO
GIUSEPPE GIAIMO
JENNIFER SMITH
JENNIFER SMITH
JENNIFER SMITH
JENNIFER SMITH
JENNIFER SMITH
A PRICE BOXLEY IV
A PRICE BOXLEY IV
A PRICE BOXLEY IV
A PRICE BOXLEY IV
JAMES WHEELER
CASSANDRA PAINTER
THOMAS COLEMAN BISHOP, JR.
THOMAS COLEMAN BISHOP, JR.
LAURIE B BARNES
LAURIE B BARNES
KARI SWENSON
KAREN E GAINEY
JAKE FARIS
DANIEL H JACKSON
CRAIG B WELBURN, JR
CRAIG B WELBURN, JR
JUSTIN WILLIAMS
A PRICE BOXLEY IV
DANIEL H JACKSON
A PRICE BOXLEY IV
TROY A COOPER
TROY A COOPER
TROY A COOPER
TROY A COOPER
TROY A COOPER
CRAIG B WELBURN, JR
ANDREW WELBURN
ISAAC D GREEN
JACOB HORST, JR.
JACOB HORST, JR.
LUIS GAVIGNANO, JR.
JAKE FARIS
LUIS E GAVIGNANO
JOHN E SULLIVAN III
ADRIAN T SMITH
ERIC CULLEN
MICHAEL J CARTER
WILLIAM D BARNES, JR.
COREY R HOLEMAN
RAJESH SAINANI
ISAAC D GREEN
ISAAC D GREEN
WILLIAM D BARNES, JR.
A PRICE BOXLEY IV

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
10775 LEE HWY, FAIRFAX, VA 22030
3195 BLENHEIM BLVD, FAIRFAX, VA 22030
13003 LEE JACKSON MEMORIAL HIGHWAY, FAIRFAX, VA 22033
10645 BRADDOCK RD, FAIRFAX, VA 22032
44 STERRETT ROAD, FAIRFIELD, VA 24435
3009 GALLOWS RD, FALLS CHURCH, VA 22042
5603 LEESBURG PIKE, FALLS CHURCH, VA 22041
6729 ARLINGTON BLVD, FALLS CHURCH, VA 22042
7101 LEESBURG PIKE, FALLS CHURCH, VA 22043
44 STAN STEAD RD, FALMOUTH, VA 22403
306 S MAIN ST, FARMVILLE, VA 23901
715 TINKLING SPRING RD, FISHERSVILLE, VA 22939
17949 FOREST RD, FOREST, VA 24551
14901 FOREST RD, FOREST, VA 24551
1650 ARMORY DR, FRANKLIN, VA 23851
1212 EMANCIPATION HWY, FREDERICKSBURG, VA 22401
10601 PATRIOT HIGHWAY, FREDERICKSBURG, VA 22401
3102-A PLANK RD, FREDERICKSBURG, VA 22401
316 BUTLER RD, FREDERICKSBURG, VA 22405
1701 CARL D SILVER PKY, FREDERICKSBURG, VA 22401
5642 PLANK RD, FREDERICKSBURG, VA 22407
4301 PLANK RD, FREDERICKSBURG, VA 22407
5420 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY, FREDERICKSBURG, VA 22401
545 FERRY RD, FREDERICKSBURG, VA 22405
2300 PLANK RD, FREDERICKSBURG, VA 22401
1203 WARRENTON RD, FREDERICKSBURG, VA 22406
408 SOUTH STREET, FRONT ROYAL, VA 22630
9846 WINCHE STER ROAD, FRONT ROYAL, VA 22630
953 E STUART DR, GALAX, VA 24333
119 GATEWAY PLAZA, GATE CITY, VA 24251
9751 W BROAD ST, GLEN ALLEN, VA 23060
11218 W BROAD ST, GLEN ALLEN, VA 23060
11311 NUCKOLS RD, GLEN ALLEN, VA 23059
10000 BROOK RD, GLEN ALLEN, VA 23060
7099 GEORGE WASHINGTON MEMORIAL BLVD, GLOUCESTER, VA 23061
11445 JAMES MADISON HWY, GORDONSVILLE, VA 22942
104 VADEN DRIVE, GRETNA, VA 24557
1101 W QUEEN ST, HAMPTON, VA 23669
601 ABERDEEN RD, HAMPTON, VA 23661
4045 W MERCURY BLVD, HAMPTON, VA 23666
217 FOX HILL RD, HAMPTON, VA 23669
1534 E PEMBROKE AVE, HAMPTON, VA 23669
1131 W MERCURY BLVD, HAMPTON, VA 23666
9 SEMPLE FARM RD, HAMPTON, VA 23666
236 S MALLORY ST, HAMPTON, VA 23669
1196 BIG BETHEL RD, HAMPTON, VA 23666
98 CARLTON ST, HARRISONBURG, VA 22801
2387 S MAIN ST, HARRISONBURG, VA 22801
1091 PORT REPUBLIC RD, HARRISONBURG, VA 22801
1880 E MARKET ST, HARRISONBURG, VA 22801
2413 GEORGE WASHINGTON MEMORIAL HWY, HAYES, VA 23072
1877 CARROLLTON PIKE, HILLSVILLE, VA 24343
3309 OAKLAWN BLVD, HOPEWELL, VA 23860
5214 OAKLAWN BLVD, HOPEWELL, VA 23860
VIRGINIA STREET HIGHWAY 3, KILMARNOCK, VA 22482
5265 JAMES MADISON PKY, KING GEORGE, VA 22485
12730 HARBOR DR, LAKE RIDGE, VA 22192
227 OLD PIPERS GAP ROAD, LAMBSBURG, VA 24351
1158 E MAIN STREET, LEBANON, VA 24266
62 E MIDLAND TRL, LEXINGTON, VA 24450
5480 GERMANNA HWY, LOCUST GROVE, VA 22508
9398 RICHMOND HWY, LORTON, VA 22079
406 E MAIN ST, LOUISA, VA 23093
44 CALLOHILL DR, LOVINGSTON, VA 22949
9200 WINTERBERRY AVENUE, LOW MOOR, VA 24457
1020 US HIGHWAY 211W, LURAY, VA 22835
2135 WARDS RD, LYNCHBURG, VA 24502
3108 OLD FOREST RD, LYNCHBURG, VA 24501
21047 TIMBERLAKE RD, LYNCHBURG, VA 24502
2325 MEMORIAL AVE, LYNCHBURG, VA 24501
4030 WARDS RD, LYNCHBURG, VA 24502
327 WASHINGTON ST, MADISON, VA 22727
4971 S AMHERST HIGHWAY, MADISON HEIGHTS, VA 24504
22 BROAD STREET, MANAKIN SABOT, VA 23103
8203 SUDLEY RD, MANASSAS, VA 20109
9401 LIBERIA AVE (WM #3573), MANASSAS, VA 20110
8287 SHOPPERS SQUARE, MANASSAS PARK, VA 20111
1120 N MAIN ST, MARION, VA 24354
4215 WINCHESTER ROAD, MARSHALL, VA 20115
202 COMMONWEALTH AVE, MARTINSVILLE, VA 24112
2756 GREENSBORO RD, MARTINSVILLE, VA 24112
2656 E LEE HWY, MAX MEADOWS, VA 24360
13365 GLENBROOK AVE, MEADOWVIEW, VA 24361
7059 MECHANICSVILLE PIKE, MECHANICSVILLE, VA 23111
9145 CHAMBERLAYNE RD, MECHANICSVILLE, VA 23116
7453 VALLEY PIKE, MIDDLETOWN, VA 22645
10201 HULL ST RD, MIDLOTHIAN, VA 23112
13011 HULL ST, MIDLOTHIAN, VA 23112
13170 MIDLOTHIAN TPKE, MIDLOTHIAN, VA 23113
995 FREIDENS CHURCH ROAD, MT CRAWFORD, VA 22841

134

TELEPHONE
703-591-7557
703-352-2623
703-378-4631
703-278-0357
540-458-0400
703-573-3049
703-998-6627
703-241-1488
703-538-6324
540-373-8465
434-392-3406
540-337-0420
434-385-7879
434-525-2758
757-562-7822
540-371-4525
540-898-0344
540-786-6533
540-373-3743
540-548-1587
540-785-1870
540-785-8532
540-891-0142
540-878-6140
703-420-9636
888-317-0904
540-635-5365
540-636-8937
276-236-9791
276-386-2598
804-346-9572
804-364-4873
804-346-8744
804-264-1212
804-694-4810
434-589-6753
434-656-3711
757-722-1614
757-838-1270
757-788-8590
757-848-1031
757-723-7448
757-826-0690
757-865-0129
757-723-3656
757-838-3056
540-434-0055
540-434-6061
540-442-9992
540-574-6030
804-642-5117
276-728-3384
804-458-0783
804-458-4500
804-435-2331
540-663-2385
703-491-5563
276-755-3003
276-889-3726
540-463-3600
540-972-0004
888-317-0904
540-967-2878
434-263-8066
540-862-4078
540-743-6677
434-239-7852
434-385-7828
434-239-8025
434-845-5943
434-239-3257
540-948-9036
434-528-5449
804-784-2935
703-368-0777
703-330-9925
571-428-2944
276-783-7339
540-364-8198
276-638-4343
276-632-7488
276-637-6339
276-695-9030
804-746-1747
804-730-6783
540-869-8015
804-276-3826
804-744-6710
804-464-2850
540-801-8829

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
A PRICE BOXLEY IV
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
GIUSEPPE GIAIMO
GIUSEPPE GIAIMO
JENNIFER SMITH
JENNIFER SMITH
JENNIFER SMITH
JENNIFER SMITH
LESLIE LYNNE WHEELER
LESLIE LYNNE WHEELER
MICHAEL A MEOLI
MICHAEL A MEOLI
MICHAEL A MEOLI
MICHAEL A MEOLI
MICHAEL A MEOLI
MICHAEL A MEOLI
MICHAEL A MEOLI
MICHAEL A MEOLI
MICHAEL A MEOLI
MICHAEL A MEOLI
HUGH FARD
ZACHARY T HAYES
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
CRAIG B WELBURN, JR
MICHAEL K GRIMM
JAKE FARIS
THOMAS COLEMAN BISHOP, JR.
THOMAS COLEMAN BISHOP, JR.
THOMAS COLEMAN BISHOP, JR.
LESLIE LYNNE WHEELER
KYLE HARMON
ZACHARY T HAYES
JOHN W MAYER, JR.
JAKE FARIS
WILLIAM D BARNES, JR.
ERIC CULLEN
LUIS C MATEOS
WILLIAM D BARNES, JR.
MICHAEL K GRIMM
JAKE FARIS
ISAAC D GREEN
ISAAC D GREEN
ISAAC D GREEN
ISAAC D GREEN
ISAAC D GREEN
ISAAC D GREEN
ISAAC D GREEN
ISAAC D GREEN
LAURIE B BARNES
WILLIAM D BARNES, JR.
WILLIAM D BARNES, JR.
WILLIAM D BARNES, JR.
WILLIAM D BARNES, JR.
WILLIAM D BARNES, JR.
WILLIAM D BARNES, JR.
WILLIAM D BARNES, JR.
WILLIAM D BARNES, JR.
LUIS E GAVIGNANO
LUIS E GAVIGNANO
LUIS E GAVIGNANO
COREY R HOLEMAN
COREY R HOLEMAN
COREY R HOLEMAN
COURTNEY W HOLEMAN
COURTNEY W HOLEMAN
COURTNEY W HOLEMAN
MICHAEL D TRAUB
MICHAEL D TRAUB
MICHAEL W FREEMAN
MICHAEL K GRIMM
MICHAEL K GRIMM
MICHAEL K GRIMM
MICHAEL K GRIMM
MICHAEL K GRIMM
AMANDA RUCKER
A PRICE BOXLEY IV
ERIC CULLEN
TROY A COOPER
LAURIE B BARNES
CRAIG B WELBURN, JR
MICHAEL K GRIMM
MICHAEL K GRIMM
MICHAEL K GRIMM
ISAAC D GREEN
BILL M TAYLOR
MICHAEL W FREEMAN
MICHAEL W FREEMAN
KYLE SVILAR
KYLE SVILAR
RAJESH SAINANI

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
171 W OLD CROSSROAD, NEW MARKET, VA 22844
8055 ALBAN RD, NEWINGTON, VA 22150
2601 JEFFERSON, NEWPORT NEWS, VA 23605
6100 JEFFERSON AVE, NEWPORT NEWS, VA 23605
652 J CLYDE MORRIS BLVD, NEWPORT NEWS, VA 23601
12105 JEFFERSON AVE, NEWPORT NEWS, VA 23602
12705 JEFFERSON AVE, NEWPORT NEWS, VA 23602
12487 WARWICK BLVD, NEWPORT NEWS, VA 23606
417 DENBIGH BLVD, NEWPORT NEWS, VA 23602
15484 WARWICK BLVD, NEWPORT NEWS, VA 23602
9635 DUFFYS LN, NORFOLK, VA 23503
4125 GRANBY ST, NORFOLK, VA 23504
8300 HAMPTON BLVD, NORFOLK, VA 23505
8402 TIDEWATER DR, NORFOLK, VA 23518
3679 SEWELLS POINT RD, NORFOLK, VA 23513
1632 E LITTLE CREEK RD, NORFOLK, VA 23518
4108 HAMPTON BLVD, NORFOLK, VA 23508
1046 CAMPOSTELLA RD, NORFOLK, VA 23523
211 E LITTLE CREEK RD, NORFOLK, VA 23505
105TH ST (NAVAL STATION), NORFOLK, VA 23511
745 N NEWTOWN RD, NORFOLK, VA 23502
5761 E VIRGINIA BEACH BLVD, NORFOLK, VA 23502
25297 LANKFORD HWY, ONLEY, VA 23418
153 MADISON RD, ORANGE, VA 22960
1801 WENONAH AVENUE, PEARISBURG, VA 24134
42357 E MORGAN AVE, PENNINGTON GAP, VA 24277
1206 COURTHOUSE RD, PETERSBURG, VA 23803
4914 BOYDTON PLANK RD, PETERSBURG, VA 23803
2139 S CRATER ROAD, PETERSBURG, VA 23805
431 WYTHE CREEK RD, POQUOSON, VA 23662
2000 VICTORY BLVD, PORTSMOUTH, VA 23702
2716 AIRLINE BLVD, PORTSMOUTH, VA 23701
801 LONDON BLVD, PORTSMOUTH, VA 23704
12253 GOVERNOR GC PERRY HWY, POUNDING MILL, VA 24637
2485 ANDERSON HIGHWAY, POWHATAN, VA 23139
925 E MAIN ST, PULASKI, VA 24301
3500 A RUSSELL ROAD, QUANTICO, VA 22134-2200
2138 POCAHONTAS TRAIL, QUINTON, VA 23141
7484 LEE HIGHWAY, RADFORD, VA 24141
2659 W FRONT STREET, RICHLANDS, VA 24641
8060 W BROAD ST, RICHMOND, VA 23294
11280 PATTERSON AVE, RICHMOND, VA 23233
7527 STAPLES MILL RD, RICHMOND, VA 23294
11125 MIDLOTHIAN TPKE, RICHMOND, VA 23235
1778 PARHAM RD, RICHMOND, VA 23294
3410 W CARY ST, RICHMOND, VA 23221
7118 W BROAD ST, RICHMOND, VA 23294
4435 COMMERCE RD, RICHMOND, VA 23234
2300 WILLIS RD, RICHMOND, VA 23237
5520 W BROAD ST, RICHMOND, VA 23230
6808 MIDLOTHIAN TURNPIKE, RICHMOND, VA 23225
7400 HULL ST RD, RICHMOND, VA 23235
5925 HOPKINS RD, RICHMOND, VA 23234
9210 MIDLOTHIAN PIKE, RICHMOND, VA 23235
9006 HUGUENOT RD, RICHMOND, VA 23235
2700 W BROAD ST, RICHMOND, VA 23220
6850 FOREST HILL AVE, RICHMOND, VA 23225
8210 BROOK RD, RICHMOND, VA 23227
1800 E BROAD ST, RICHMOND, VA 23223
8975 STAPLES MILL ROAD, RICHMOND, VA 23228
2011 CHAMBERLAYNE AVE, RICHMOND, VA 23222
4708 WILLIAMSBURG RD, RICHMOND, VA 23231
607 E LABURNUM AVE, RICHMOND, VA 23222
5106 NINE MILE RD, RICHMOND, VA 23223
2306 AND 2310 MECHANICSVIL TPKE, RICHMOND, VA 23223
4423 S LABURNUN AVE, RICHMOND, VA 23231
4110 HULL ST, RICHMOND, VA 23224
708 HULL ST, RICHMOND, VA 23224
2801 FRANKLIN RD SW, ROANOKE, VA 24014
701 WILLIAMSON RD, ROANOKE, VA 24016
3402 ORANGE AVE, ROANOKE, VA 24012
8115 PLANTATION RD, ROANOKE, VA 24019
1335 HERSHBURGER RD, ROANOKE, VA 24012
2071 ELECTRIC RD, ROANOKE, VA 24018
970 TANYARD ROAD, ROCKY MOUNT, VA 24151
26 STONE RIDGE DRIVE NORTH, RUCKERSVILLE, VA 22968
4153 BLACKLICK RD, RURAL RETREAT, VA 24368
11059 WARDS ROAD, RUSTBURG, VA 24588
23781 ROGERS CLARK BLVD, RUTHER GLEN, VA 22546
8265 LADYSMITH ROAD, RUTHER GLEN, VA 22546
1203 W MAIN ST, SALEM, VA 24153
101 ELECTRIC RD, SALEM, VA 24153
2072 APPERSON DR, SALEM, VA 24153
770 MOORE FERRY ROAD, SKIPPERS, VA 23879
1811 S CHURCH ST, SMITHFIELD, VA 23430
1010 PHILPOTT RD, SOUTH BOSTON, VA 24592
4040 HALIFAX RD, SOUTH BOSTON, VA 24592
916 E ATLANTIC ST, SOUTH HILL, VA 23970
1846 NORTH MECKLENBURG AVENUE, SOUTH HILL, VA 23670
43250 DEFENDER DR, SOUTH RIDING, VA 20152

135

TELEPHONE
540-740-8484
703-912-9684
757-586-5756
757-896-3995
757-599-3044
757-249-1372
757-833-3459
757-591-1808
757-874-2233
757-887-5161
757-583-9015
757-622-4515
757-423-0134
757-588-5675
757-961-9233
757-583-2242
757-423-1977
804-560-4407
757-480-3012
757-423-0902
757-461-3050
757-461-1770
757-787-7888
540-672-2422
540-921-3193
276-546-4851
804-861-8048
804-733-7124
804-861-0655
757-868-6687
757-487-1958
757-488-8186
757-393-7945
276-963-0054
804-598-6289
540-980-8426
703-221-0410
804-964-0528
540-639-6354
276-963-9866
804-270-7918
804-740-3094
804-266-8600
804-794-4005
804-747-1534
804-355-4123
804-672-9461
804-743-2906
804-271-4593
804-282-7514
804-276-3219
804-745-2555
804-743-1843
804-320-7324
804-323-4115
804-213-0717
804-323-1970
804-264-3512
804-783-8152
804-755-1267
804-321-3405
804-222-2521
804-329-1237
804-737-4262
804-643-3180
804-222-3204
804-233-8449
804-231-3807
540-345-4434
540-345-2241
540-342-3070
540-362-7927
540-362-9417
540-774-5248
540-483-0711
434-990-0017
276-686-5562
434-821-3227
804-448-4702
804-448-4600
540-387-3756
540-986-2015
540-774-6295
434-336-1888
757-357-6116
434-575-0972
434-575-0796
434-447-4338
434-447-3725
703-327-8449

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
COURTNEY W HOLEMAN
JOSEPH E MONTOYA
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
CRAIG B WELBURN, JR
JAKE FARIS
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
CRAIG B WELBURN, JR
A PRICE BOXLEY IV
A PRICE BOXLEY IV
A PRICE BOXLEY IV
RAJESH SAINANI
HARJINDER SAINANI
RAJESH SAINANI
RAJESH SAINANI
RAJESH SAINANI
RAMESH TAKATA
BILL M TAYLOR
BILL M TAYLOR
KYLE HARMON
LESLIE LYNNE WHEELER
LAURIE B BARNES
JAKE FARIS
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
GIUSEPPE GIAIMO
MICHAEL K GRIMM
KENNETH FOSTER, III
JAKE FARIS
A PRICE BOXLEY IV
MICHAEL W FREEMAN
HUGH FARD
HUGH FARD
HUGH FARD
HUGH FARD
HUGH FARD
HUGH FARD
HUGH FARD
HUGH FARD
HUGH FARD
HUGH FARD
HUGH FARD
LESLIE LYNNE WHEELER
JENNIFER D YAW
JENNIFER D YAW
JENNIFER D YAW
KRISTINA GRUMIAUX
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
LAURIE B BARNES
THOMAS COLEMAN BISHOP, JR.
A PRICE BOXLEY IV
A PRICE BOXLEY IV
GIUSEPPE GIAIMO
SCOTT R FLOEGEL
SCOTT R FLOEGEL
KYLE HARMON
KYLE HARMON
LESLIE LYNNE WHEELER
NICHOLAS J NERANGIS
NICHOLAS J NERANGIS
NICHOLAS J NERANGIS, JR.
NICHOLAS J NERANGIS, JR.
NICHOLAS J NERANGIS, JR.
NICHOLAS J NERANGIS, JR.
RAJESH SAINANI
RAJESH SAINANI
JAKE FARIS
KARI SWENSON
KARI SWENSON
KARI SWENSON
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
CRAIG T WELBURN, SR
JEREMY HORST
JEREMY HORST
A PRICE BOXLEY IV
ERIC CULLEN
JENNIFER SMITH
JAMES WHEELER
CHARLES T COUGHLIN
CHARLES T COUGHLIN
CHARLES T COUGHLIN
PETER NAPOLI
PETER NAPOLI
PETER NAPOLI
JAMES BARTLEY
PETER NAPOLI
PETER NAPOLI
PETER NAPOLI
WILLIAM R MARCELLUS

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
10607 HILLTOP PLAZA WAY, SPOTSYLVANIA, VA 22553
8976 BURKE LAKE RD, SPRINGFIELD, VA 22151
5506 BACKLICK RD, SPRINGFIELD, VA 22151
6220 BACKLICK RD, SPRINGFIELD, VA 22150
7909 ROLLING RD, SPRINGFIELD, VA 22153
16393 BUSH PLACE, ST PAUL, VA 24224
190 GARRISONVILLE RD, STAFFORD, VA 22554-1522
2862 JEFFERSON DAVIS HWY, STAFFORD, VA 22554
893 GARRISONVILLE RD, STAFFORD, VA 22554
900 WONDER ROAD, STAFFORD, VA 22554
130 LEE JACKSON HIGHWAY, STAUNTON, VA 24401
RICHMOND HWY & FRONTIER DRIVE, STAUNTON, VA 24401
3499 LEE JACKSON HIGHWAY, STAUNTON, VA 24401
1131 AYLOR RD, STEPHENS CITY, VA 22655
21730 TOWNCENTER PLZ, STERLING, VA 20164
20880 PIDGEON HILL DR, STERLING, VA 20165
45415 DULLES CROSSING PLZ (WM #2038), STERLING, VA 20166
23500 OVERLAND DRIVE, STERLING, VA 20166
33899 OLD VALLEY PIKE, STRASBURG, VA 22657
601 N MAIN ST, SUFFOLK, VA 23434
1513 HOLLAND RD, SUFFOLK, VA 23434
3179 GODWIN BLVD, SUFFOLK, VA 23434
6201 COLLEGE DR, SUFFOLK, VA 23435
RT 360/17 ESSEX SQUARE, TAPPAHANNOCK, VA 22560
621 TAZEWELL AVE, TAZEWELL, VA 24651
5205 MUDD TAVERN ROAD, THORNBURG, VA 22565
9193 BARHAMSVILLE RD, TOANO, VA 23168
2554 LEE HWY S, TROUTVILLE, VA 24175
1961 CHAIN BRIDGE RD (TYSON CORNER CTR), TYSONS CORNER, VA 22102
18607 RIVERSIDE DR, VANSANT, VA 24656
252 LAUREL HILL RD, VERONA, VA 24482
809 HARDY RD, VINTON, VA 24179
4608 HAYGOOD RD, VIRGINIA BEACH, VA 23455
5833 NORTHAMPTON BLVD, VIRGINIA BEACH, VA 23455
5349 INDIAN RIVER RD, VIRGINIA BEACH, VA 23464
4696 BONNEY RD, VIRGINIA BEACH, VA 23452
3736 VIRGINIA BEACH BLVD, VIRGINIA BEACH, VA 23452
701 CHIMNEY HILL PKY, VIRGINIA BEACH, VA 23462
1828 KEMPSVILLE RD, VIRGINIA BEACH, VA 23464
2432 PRINCESS ANNE RD, VIRGINIA BEACH, VA 23456
2037 LYNNHAVEN PKY, VIRGINIA BEACH, VA 23456
5236 PROVIDENCE RD, VIRGINIA BEACH, VA 23464
773 LYNNHAVEN PKWY, VIRGINIA BEACH, VA 23452
6680 INDIAN RIVER RD, VIRGINIA BEACH, VA 23462
601 FIRST COLONIAL RD, VIRGINIA BEACH, VA 23454
2097 GENERAL BOOTH BLVD, VIRGINIA BEACH, VA 23454
404 BIRDNECK RD, VIRGINIA BEACH, VA 23451
10068 JAMES MADISON HWY, WARRENTON, VA 20186
351 BROADVIEW AVE, WARRENTON, VA 20186
4188 RICHMOND RD, WARSAW, VA 22572
104 N COUNTY DR, WAVERLY, VA 23890
1501 W MAIN ST, WAYNESBORO, VA 22980
720 TOWN CENTER DRIVE, WAYNESBORO, VA 22980
432 14TH STREET, WEST POINT, VA 23181
6473 RICHMOND RD, WILLIAMSBURG, VA 23188
4521 JOHN TYLER HWY, WILLIAMSBURG, VA 23185
1901 POCAHANTAS TRAIL, WILLIAMSBURG, VA 23185
329 2ND ST, WILLIAMSBURG, VA 23185
1620 RICHMOND RD, WILLIAMSBURG, VA 23185
6 VALLEY AVE, WINCHESTER, VA 22601
1887 AMHERST ST, WINCHESTER, VA 22601
1801 PLEASANT VALLEY RD, WINCHESTER, VA 22601
1124 BERRYVILLE AVE, WINCHESTER, VA 22601
210 KERNSTOWN COMMONS BOULEVARD, WINCHESTER, VA 22602
111 MERCHANT ST, WINCHESTER, VA 22603
222 GROCERY AVE, WINCHESTER, VA 22602
250 RIVENDELL CT, WINCHESTER, VA 22603
106 WOODLAND DR, WISE, VA 24293
1480 OLD BRIDGE RD, WOODBRIDGE, VA 22192
14362 GIDEON DR, WOODBRIDGE, VA 22193
13840 NOBLEWOOD PLZ, WOODBRIDGE, VA 22193
14591 JEFFERSON DAVIS HWY, WOODBRIDGE, VA 22191
4309 MERCHANT PLZ, WOODBRIDGE, VA 22192-5090
14075 SHOPPERS BEST WAY, WOODBRIDGE, VA 22192
13761 RICHMOND HWY, WOODBRIDGE, VA 22191
335 W RESERVOIR ST, WOODSTOCK, VA 22664
1195 N 4TH ST, WYTHEVILLE, VA 24382
2635 GEORGE WASHINGTON MEMORIAL HWY, YORKTOWN, VA 23693
8129 GEO WASHNGTN HWY, YORKTOWN, VA 23692
1332 US RTE 302, BARRE, VT 05641
478 S BARRE RD, BARRE, VT 05641
112 NORTHSIDE DR, BENNINGTON, VT 05201
1027 PUTNEY RD, BRATTLEBORO, VT 05301
79 HEINEBERG RD, COLCHESTER, VT 05446
44 S PARK DR, COLCHESTER, VT 05446
4518 US RTE 5, DERBY, VT 05829
41 JAYVIEW DR, ENOSBURG FALLS, VT 05450
71 UPPER MAIN ST, ESSEX, VT 05452
106 PEARL ST, ESSEX JUNCTION, VT 05452
22 WASHINGTON STREET EXT, FAIR HAVEN, VT 05743

136

TELEPHONE
540-891-7646
703-261-6947
703-658-0069
703-455-8879
540-847-9745
276-762-5088
540-659-5856
540-659-1600
540-720-2911
888-317-0904
540-885-1170
540-887-3314
540-688-3402
540-869-6474
703-433-0860
703-421-8845
571-434-8742
703-661-6494
540-465-2500
757-539-0279
757-934-3903
757-809-0746
757-638-0414
804-443-4515
276-979-1115
540-582-2070
757-794-3037
540-992-5540
703-286-0364
276-935-4652
540-248-4600
540-345-9291
757-464-0802
757-460-0241
757-420-1930
757-497-2700
757-463-4679
757-340-6335
757-479-1008
757-430-1106
757-471-8816
757-467-0081
757-689-2402
757-420-6804
757-425-9416
757-427-2621
757-437-7297
540-439-3306
540-935-2409
804-333-9689
804-834-2964
540-943-3949
540-943-8525
804-597-1075
757-565-1532
757-253-2088
757-229-5030
757-220-0630
757-220-2026
540-667-0033
540-662-9775
540-667-1666
540-667-1435
540-868-0126
540-545-8657
540-722-6155
540-665-9645
276-328-2829
703-491-7590
703-490-6691
703-670-6203
703-494-6444
703-878-4146
703-730-0461
703-494-8700
540-459-5301
276-228-5714
757-867-6228
757-898-9833
802-479-9757
802-476-4400
802-442-8803
802-254-8528
802-863-9707
802-655-7747
802-334-7793
802-933-6633
802-879-5300
802-878-8722
802-265-2028

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
MICHAEL MARCELLUS
JAMES BARTLEY
JOSEPH SPADEA
CHARLES T COUGHLIN
PETER NAPOLI
PETER NAPOLI
CHARLES T COUGHLIN
CHARLES T COUGHLIN
CHARLES T COUGHLIN
PETER NAPOLI
PETER NAPOLI
PETER NAPOLI
CHARLES T COUGHLIN
PETER NAPOLI
PETER NAPOLI
DENNY LIU
MARK J RAY, JR.
BARBARA JOHNSON
BARBARA JOHNSON
LAUREN MORRIS
WILLIAM K CHO
WILLIAM K CHO
WILLIAM K CHO
STANLEY C PENNOCK
STANLEY C PENNOCK
ALEFA ESERJOSE
MATTHEW J HADWIN
KARRIE PARKER
ALEFA ESERJOSE
ALEFA ESERJOSE
SALVATORE MUSCARDIN
M DAVID SANTILLANES JR.
BARBARA JOHNSON
BARBARA JOHNSON
BARBARA JOHNSON
BARBARA JOHNSON
BARBARA JOHNSON
ALEX MEDEIROS
MATTHEW J HADWIN
LAUREN MORRIS
KARRIE PARKER
KARRIE PARKER
KARRIE PARKER
CHARLES HILLIS
DENNY LIU
ROBERT J COMISKEY
ROBERT J COMISKEY
BARBARA JOHNSON
MATTHEW J HADWIN
MATTHEW J HADWIN
SHARI L NIXON
SALVATORE MUSCARDIN
SALVATORE MUSCARDIN
SALVATORE MUSCARDIN
MARK J RAY, JR.
JOHN M MILLS
GREGORY B LURING
CHARLES HILLIS
MARK J RAY, JR.
DENNY LIU
CHARLES HILLIS
ALEFA ESERJOSE
M DAVID SANTILLANES JR.
GREGORY B LURING
ALEX MEDEIROS
CHARLES HILLIS
ALEFA ESERJOSE
ALEFA ESERJOSE
M DAVID SANTILLANES JR.
M DAVID SANTILLANES JR.
HYUNG ZUP AHN
WILLIAM K CHO
WILLIAM K CHO
BARBARA JOHNSON
WILLIAM K CHO
PATRICK MAHER
PATRICK MAHER
DANIEL JASON BUSTOS
LEE ADAMS
ALEFA ESERJOSE
DENNY LIU
ALAN J FINKELSTEIN
ALAN J FINKELSTEIN
MATTHEW J HADWIN
LEE ADAMS
LEE ADAMS
LEE ADAMS
LEE ADAMS
LEE ADAMS
ALAN J FINKELSTEIN

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
2822 ROUTE 7, FERRISBURGH, VT 05456
110 BROAD STREET, LYNDONVILLE, VT 05851
188 DEPOT STREET, MANCHESTER, VT 05255
280 COURT ST, MIDDLEBURY, VT 05753
5 HAYDENBERRY DR, MILTON, VT 05468
105 MORRISVILLE PLZ, MORRISVILLE, VT 05661
1869 VT ROUTE 66, RANDOLPH, VT 05060
182 SOUTH MAIN ST, RUTLAND, VT 05701
195 WOODSTOCK AVE, RUTLAND, VT 05701
183 SWANTON RD, SAINT ALBANS, VT 05478
1205 WILLISTON RD, SOUTH BURLINGTON, VT 05403
1125 SHELBURNE RD, SOUTH BURLINGTON, VT 05403
1 CHESTER ROAD, SPRINGFIELD, VT 05156
153 FIRST ST, SWANTON, VT 05488
45 BESWICK DR, WHITE RIVER JUNCTION, VT 05001
1101 E WISHKAH ST, ABERDEEN, WA 98520-4222
12002 W SUNSET HWY, AIRWAY HEIGHTS, WA 99001
1301 COMMERCIAL ST, ANACORTES, WA 98221-2139
7607 NE 204TH, ARLINGTON, WA 98223
3529 172ND ST NE, ARLINGTON, WA 98223-8758
3920 A ST SE, AUBURN, WA 98002
1304 OUTLET COLLECTION WAY SW, AUBURN, WA 98001
1400 LAKE TAPPS WAY, AUBURN, WA 98092
1531 AUBURN WAY N, AUBURN, WA 98002-3307
702 AUBURN WAY S, AUBURN, WA 98002-6029
501 HIGH SCHOOL RD NE, BAINBRIDGE ISLAND, WA 98110-1622
515 W MAIN ST, BATTLE GROUND, WA 98604
24200 WA-3, BELFAIR, WA 98528-9626
1401 156TH AVE NE, BELLEVUE, WA 98004
4056 FACTORIA BLVD, BELLEVUE, WA 98006
13841 NE 20TH, BELLEVUE, WA 98005-2012
3239 156TH AVE SE, BELLEVUE, WA 98007-6528
1914 KING ST, BELLINGHAM, WA 98225-4237
101 W TELEGRAPH RD, BELLINGHAM, WA 98226-5560
112 SAMISH WAY, BELLINGHAM, WA 98225
2433 E BAKERVIEW ROAD, BELLINGHAM, WA 98226
747 GRANT AVE, BLAINE, WA 98230
21007 HWY 410, BONNEY LAKE, WA 98391
7234 BOTHELL WAY, BOTHELL, WA 98011-3518
22110 17TH AVE SE, BOTHELL, WA 98021-7402
3580 WHEATON WAY, BREMERTON, WA 98310-3545
3426 KITSAP WAY, BREMERTON, WA 98312-2861
6755 SR 303 NE, BREMERTON, WA 98311
715 HWY 97, BREWSTER, WA 98812
29360 SR 410 E, BUCKLEY, WA 98321
15620 1ST AVE S, BURIEN, WA 98148-1209
1516 SW 114TH STREET, BURIEN, WA 98146-3550
2034 MARKETPLACE DR, BURLINGTON, WA 98233-3207
3354 NE 3RD AVE, CAMAS, WA 98607-2436
1040 DOUGHERTY DR NE, CASTLE ROCK, WA 98611-9046
1201 LUM RD, CENTRALIA, WA 98531-1847
15 NE MEDIAN, CHEHALIS, WA 98532
120 KIRKLAND RD, CHEHALIS, WA 98532-8724
1400 NW LOUISIANA AVE, CHEHALIS, WA 98532
2324 1ST ST, CHENEY, WA 99004
350 BRIDGE ST, CLARKSTON, WA 99403-1929
702 WEST FIRST STREET, CLE ELUM, WA 98922
1103 S MAIN, COLVILLE, WA 99114-9503
900 S MAIN AVE, DEER PARK, WA 99006
1565 WILMINGTON DRIVE, DUPONT, WA 98327
201 VALLEY MALL PARKWAY, EAST WENATCHEE, WA 98802-5321
21420 HWY 99, EDMONDS, WA 98026
10124 EDMONDS WAY, EDMONDS, WA 98020-5130
1304 CANYON RD, ELLENSBURG, WA 98926
110 ROOSEVELT AVE E, ENUMCLAW, WA 98022-8214
1010 BASIN ST SW, EPHRATA, WA 98823-2078
530 128TH STREET SW, EVERETT, WA 98204-7310
316 S EVERETT MALL WAY, EVERETT, WA 98204-2782
4020 COLBY AVE, EVERETT, WA 98201-4929
2001 EVERETT AVE, EVERETT, WA 98201-3650
27515 PACIFIC HWY S, FEDERAL WAY, WA 98003
2302 S 320TH ST, FEDERAL WAY, WA 98003
34814 PACIFIC HWY S, FEDERAL WAY, WA 98003
1688 MAIN ST, FERNDALE, WA 98248
1737 51ST AVE E, FIFE, WA 98424
5500 OLYMPIC DRIVE, GIG HARBOR, WA 98335-3638
5050 BORGEN BLVD, GIG HARBOR, WA 98332
912 SIMCOE RD, GOLDENDALE, WA 98620
400 VISTA GRANDE WAY, GRANDVIEW, WA 98930
502 W STANLEY ST, GRANITE FALLS, WA 98252
2501 SIMPSON AVENUE, HOQUIAM, WA 98550-3932
1305 NW GILMAN BLVD, ISSAQUAH, WA 98027-5308
5526 E LAKE SAMMAMISH PKY, ISSAQUAH, WA 98029-6804
300 KELSO DR, KELSO, WA 98626-3111
7505 W CLEARWATER, KENNEWICK, WA 99336-1642
2721 W KENNEWICK AVE, KENNEWICK, WA 99336-3122
1409 N KELLOGG ST, KENNEWICK, WA 99336-7691
2700 S QUILLAN, KENNEWICK, WA 99337
1922 N STEPTOE, KENNEWICK, WA 99336
8320 S 212TH ST, KENT, WA 98032-1927

137

TELEPHONE
802-870-7155
802-626-3348
802-362-5170
802-388-7177
802-893-4260
802-888-4110
802-728-6261
802-773-0720
802-775-0267
802-524-3615
802-863-3543
802-864-9322
802-885-3820
802-868-9044
802-295-9816
360-533-6616
509-244-2092
360-293-7807
360-435-3921
360-658-7337
253-833-3305
253-288-9600
253-288-0108
253-833-8011
253-833-9458
206-842-1290
360-687-9666
360-275-9293
425-746-3432
425-641-0464
425-643-0466
425-641-5181
360-734-6890
360-647-1828
360-676-9833
360-733-3267
360-214-3446
253-891-1538
425-485-5535
425-486-8584
360-377-4008
360-479-3314
360-613-4130
509-689-4027
253-299-8200
206-243-9988
206-248-3072
360-757-2857
360-835-8958
360-274-3322
360-736-0663
360-996-4136
360-748-6922
360-748-6945
509-235-5025
509-758-9603
509-674-2005
509-684-6667
509-276-5833
253-534-8960
509-884-6659
425-670-8467
425-778-3343
509-925-6101
360-825-4040
509-754-4915
425-290-5156
425-347-8599
425-259-9113
425-297-2335
253-529-3982
253-941-3210
253-838-3896
360-380-5727
253-922-8535
253-858-3555
253-851-4993
509-773-5631
509-203-6470
360-691-3844
360-532-6020
425-392-5674
425-313-8981
360-636-1340
509-735-1192
509-586-9150
509-783-3718
509-585-1104
509-783-6328
253-872-9588

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
SALVATORE MUSCARDIN
SALVATORE MUSCARDIN
KARRIE PARKER
SAAD SABBAGH
SAAD SABBAGH
SAAD SABBAGH
MATTHEW J HADWIN
MICHAEL BOWERS
KIMBERLY PRESTO
DENNY LIU
DENNY LIU
CHARLES HILLIS
MARK J RAY, JR.
TODD TOBEY
JENNIFER MCLAREN
JENNIFER MCLAREN
BARBARA JOHNSON
ALEFA ESERJOSE
ALEFA ESERJOSE
SALVATORE MUSCARDIN
M DAVID SANTILLANES JR.
ALAN J FINKELSTEIN
ALAN J FINKELSTEIN
M DAVID SANTILLANES JR.
MARK J RAY, JR.
ALEFA ESERJOSE
LAUREN MORRIS
LAUREN MORRIS
ALEX MEDEIROS
LAUREN MORRIS
JOHN M MILLS
JOHN M MILLS
BARBARA JOHNSON
ALEFA ESERJOSE
ALEFA ESERJOSE
TIM SKUBITZ
BARBARA JOHNSON
DENNY LIU
KIMBERLY PRESTO
KIMBERLY PRESTO
KIMBERLY PRESTO
CHARLES HILLIS
ALEX MEDEIROS
FERNANDO MORENO
LEE ADAMS
LEE ADAMS
ALEFA ESERJOSE
KARRIE PARKER
KARRIE PARKER
ALEFA ESERJOSE
ALEFA ESERJOSE
LEE ADAMS
JOHN M MILLS
JOHN M MILLS
DENNY LIU
CHARLES HILLIS
DENNY LIU
SALVATORE MUSCARDIN
ALEFA ESERJOSE
SALVATORE MUSCARDIN
SALVATORE MUSCARDIN
SALVATORE MUSCARDIN
SALVATORE MUSCARDIN
SALVATORE MUSCARDIN
LEE ADAMS
LEE ADAMS
LEE ADAMS
JOHN M MILLS
SHARI L NIXON
ALAN J FINKELSTEIN
ALIA C ABBOUD
ALIA C ABBOUD
ALIA C ABBOUD
ROBERT J COMISKEY
SALVATORE MUSCARDIN
M DAVID SANTILLANES JR.
M DAVID SANTILLANES JR.
M DAVID SANTILLANES JR.
M DAVID SANTILLANES JR.
M DAVID SANTILLANES JR.
M DAVID SANTILLANES JR.
M DAVID SANTILLANES JR.
M DAVID SANTILLANES JR.
M DAVID SANTILLANES JR.
M DAVID SANTILLANES JR.
BARBARA JOHNSON
JACK D BEWLEY
ALEFA ESERJOSE
SHARI L NIXON
M DAVID SANTILLANES JR.

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
10125 SE 256TH ST, KENT, WA 98030-6405
1236 W MEEKER, KENT, WA 98032-4322
10977 NE STATE HWY 104, KINGSTON, WA 98346-9405
12514 116TH AVE NE, KIRKLAND, WA 98034-4313
8515 124TH AVE NE, KIRKLAND, WA 98033-5857
12440 NE 144TH, KIRKLAND, WA 98034
13636 100TH AVE NE, KIRKLAND, WA 98033
520 SLEATER KINNEY RD, LACEY, WA 98503
6000 PACIFIC AVE SE, LACEY, WA 98503
8201 STEILACOOM BLVD SW, LAKEWOOD, WA 98498-6156
7413 CUSTER ROAD SW, LAKEWOOD, WA 98467
1250 HWY 2, LEAVENWORTH, WA 98826
1306 N LIBERTY LAKE RD, LIBERTY LAKE, WA 99019
100 16TH ST SE, LONG BEACH, WA 98631
2196 38TH AVE, LONGVIEW, WA 98632
729 OCEAN BEACH HIGHWAY, LONGVIEW, WA 98632
8106 GUIDE MERIDIAN RD, LYNDEN, WA 98264
14923 HWY 99, LYNNWOOD, WA 98037-2315
19808 44TH AVE W, LYNNWOOD, WA 98036
2608 196TH ST SW, LYNNWOOD, WA 98036
17531 HWY 99, LYNNWOOD, WA 98037
23225 MAPLE VALLEY HWY, MAPLE VALLEY, WA 98038-8248
26924 MAPLE VALLEY HWY, MAPLE VALLEY, WA 98038
10510 QUIL CEDA BLVD, MARYSVILLE, WA 98271
14118 N NEWPORT HWY, MEAD, WA 99021
2807 78TH ST SE, MERCER ISLAND, WA 98040-2818
16320 BOTHELL EVERETT HWY, MILL CREEK, WA 98012
3316 132ND ST SE, MILL CREEK, WA 98012-5654
620 MERIDIAN E, MILTON, WA 98354
19515 STATE HWY 2, MONROE, WA 98272-1535
825 N STRATFORD RD, MOSES LAKE, WA 98837-1511
1795 KITTLESON RD, MOSES LAKE, WA 98837
2200 E COLLEGE WAY, MOUNT VERNON, WA 98273-5866
3717 HARBOUR POINTE BLVD SW, MUKILTEO, WA 98275
13049 SE 69TH WAY, NEWCASTLE, WA 98055
422 N NEWPORT AVE, NEWPORT, WA 99156
841 NE MIDWAY BLVD, OAK HARBOR, WA 98277
701 POINT BROWNE AVE NW, OCEAN SHORES, WA 98569
2611 W HARRISON, OLYMPIA, WA 98503
715 PLUM ST SE, OLYMPIA, WA 98501
1335 COOPER POINT ROAD SW, OLYMPIA, WA 98502
901 ENGH RD, OMAK, WA 98841-9473
321 WASHINGTON AVE N, ORTING, WA 98360
445 E MAIN ST, OTHELLO, WA 99344-1146
2202 W COURT ST, PASCO, WA 99301-3937
4810 RD 68, PASCO, WA 99301
1706 E FRONT, PORT ANGELES, WA 98362-4929
4225 SE MILE HILL DR, PORT ORCHARD, WA 98366-3920
233 BRAVO TERRACE SOUTHEAST, PORT ORCHARD, WA 98367-9375
310 SIMS WAY, PORT TOWNSEND, WA 98368-1830
20533 VIKING AVE NW, POULSBO, WA 98370-9442
103 MERLOT DR, PROSSER, WA 99350-9500
1620 GRAND AVE S, PULLMAN, WA 99163-4905
400 STADIUM WAY N, PULLMAN, WA 99163
804 S HILL PARK DR, PUYALLUP, WA 98373
24 F ST SW, QUINCY, WA 98848
100 WILLAPA PLACE, RAYMOND, WA 98577
23545 NE NOVELTY HILL RD, REDMOND, WA 98053-5500
3209 NE 4TH, RENTON, WA 98056
73 RAINIER AVE S, RENTON, WA 98057-2005
4411 NE SUNSET BLVD, RENTON, WA 98056
14120 SE PETROVITSKY RD, RENTON, WA 98058-8932
1705 NE 44TH, RENTON, WA 98056
10715 SE 174TH STREET, RENTON, WA 98055
101 D WELLSIAN WAY, RICHLAND, WA 99352-4150
2751 QUEENSGATE DRIVE, RICHLAND, WA 99352
1275 GEORGE WASHINGTON WAY, RICHLAND, WA 99352
101 W GALBREATH WAY, RITZVILLE, WA 99169
19734 OLD HWY 99 SW, ROCHESTER, WA 98579
615 228TH AVE NE, SAMMAMISH, WA 98074
6546 CALIFORNIA AVE SW, SEATTLE, WA 98136-1834
9610 DES MOINES MEMORIAL DR S, SEATTLE, WA 98108-5032
3003 CALIFORNIA AVE SW, SEATTLE, WA 98116-3301
SEATTLE-TACOMA AIRPORT - SEA, SEATTLE, WA 98158
20227 BALLINGER WAY NE, SEATTLE, WA 98155-1143
2336 25TH AVE S, SEATTLE, WA 98144-5337
5400 14TH AVE NW, SEATTLE, WA 98107-3733
5146 25TH AVE NE, SEATTLE, WA 98105-4121
1530 3RD AVE, SEATTLE, WA 98101-1612
9304 RAINIER AVE S, SEATTLE, WA 98118-5502
2147 NORTHGATE WAY, SEATTLE, WA 98133-9006
2401 4TH AVE S, SEATTLE, WA 98134-1925
6305 MARTIN LUTHER KING JR WAY S, SEATTLE, WA 98118
9000 HOLMAN RD NW, SEATTLE, WA 98117
140 4TH AVE N, SUITE 130, SEATTLE, WA 98109
1017 HODGIN STREET, SEDRO WOOLLEY, WA 98284
499 S 1ST ST, SELAH, WA 98942
107 S 7TH AVE, SEQUIM, WA 98382-3602
2507 OLYMPIC HWY N, SHELTON, WA 98584-2935
15201 AURORA AVE N, SHORELINE, WA 98133-6123

138

TELEPHONE
253-852-5810
253-859-9692
360-297-4350
425-823-4404
425-822-3366
425-820-9481
425-823-8731
360-491-6470
360-456-6961
253-534-8978
253-534-8959
509-548-3502
509-891-8015
360-642-8212
360-578-2499
360-636-0820
360-354-4004
425-743-3560
425-774-3629
425-640-5400
425-787-5388
425-432-2863
425-413-7031
360-716-2964
509-464-1555
206-232-9175
425-745-6650
425-225-6340
253-942-9177
360-794-4200
509-766-6390
509-766-7593
360-424-5230
425-355-8444
425-226-1804
509-447-0420
360-675-5080
360-289-8672
360-357-4445
360-754-5880
360-539-7320
509-826-2306
360-893-3334
509-488-0721
509-547-8243
509-547-2553
360-457-8090
360-871-5222
360-876-8789
360-385-0244
360-697-2300
509-786-7222
509-332-6725
509-332-8819
253-435-0807
509-787-4033
360-942-5800
425-836-4509
425-255-5334
425-228-0823
425-271-6551
425-235-1205
425-235-8969
425-226-6616
509-943-5101
509-628-9410
509-713-7418
509-659-4770
360-858-7351
425-868-5723
206-937-1361
206-762-9445
206-932-2216
206-454-7970
206-365-4511
206-324-0834
206-782-5787
206-522-0265
206-957-2295
206-725-6181
206-367-8899
206-682-2083
206-725-0302
206-783-7736
206-347-6633
360-856-2822
509-697-9787
360-683-4192
360-426-4080
206-362-4560

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
M DAVID SANTILLANES JR.
ALEFA ESERJOSE
KARRIE PARKER
ALEFA ESERJOSE
MATTHEW J HADWIN
TIM SKUBITZ
CHRISTOPHER AMISTOSO
CHRISTOPHER AMISTOSO
CHRISTOPHER AMISTOSO
CHRISTOPHER AMISTOSO
CHRISTOPHER AMISTOSO
CHRISTOPHER AMISTOSO
CHRISTOPHER AMISTOSO
MARK J RAY, JR.
MARK J RAY, JR.
MARK J RAY, JR.
MARK J RAY, JR.
MARK J RAY, JR.
MARK J RAY, JR.
MARK J RAY, JR.
MARK J RAY, JR.
MARK J RAY, JR.
BARBARA JOHNSON
M DAVID SANTILLANES JR.
ALEX MEDEIROS
GREGORY B LURING
WILLIAM K CHO
DENNY LIU
PATRICK MAHER
PATRICK MAHER
PATRICK MAHER
PATRICK MAHER
ALEX MEDEIROS
GREGORY B LURING
ALIA C ABBOUD
WILLIAM K CHO
MICHAEL BOWERS
MICHAEL BOWERS
JACK D BEWLEY
PATRICK MAHER
PATRICK MAHER
MATTHEW J HADWIN
MATTHEW J HADWIN
MATTHEW J HADWIN
MATTHEW J HADWIN
MATTHEW J HADWIN
MATTHEW J HADWIN
MATTHEW J HADWIN
MATTHEW J HADWIN
MATTHEW J HADWIN
MARK J RAY, JR.
LEE ADAMS
LEE ADAMS
CHARLES HILLIS
MATTHEW J HADWIN
JENNIFER MCLAREN
JACK D BEWLEY
JACK D BEWLEY
JACK D BEWLEY
JACK D BEWLEY
JACK D BEWLEY
KIMBERLY PRESTO
GREGORY B LURING
JEFFREY FISH
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
JEFFREY FISH
JAMES HOEFT
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
DAVID W RAUSE
DAVID W RAUSE
DAVID W RAUSE
DAVID W RAUSE
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
GUY T BUCCIFERRO, III
GUY T BUCCIFERRO, III
GUY T BUCCIFERRO, III
JACK A KING
CHARLES DION CONN
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
JACK A KING
CHARLES SNAY
CHARLES DION CONN

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
14507 BOTHELL WAY NE, SHORELINE, WA 98155-7605
2904 PAMPANA ST (NAVAL BASE), SILVERDALE, WA 98315
10444 SILVERDALE WAY NW, SILVERDALE, WA 98383-9411
917 AVE D, SNOHOMISH, WA 98290-2336
17422 HWY 9 SE, SNOHOMISH, WA 98296
8827 NORTH INDIAN TRAIL ROAD, SPOKANE, WA 99208
6321 N MONROE ST, SPOKANE, WA 99208
4436 N DIVISION STREET, SPOKANE, WA 99207-1503
3416 N MARKET ST, SPOKANE, WA 99217
2211 W WELLESLEY AVENUE, SPOKANE, WA 99205
15 S HAVANA ST, SPOKANE, WA 99202
1818 N MONROE, SPOKANE, WA 99205-4528
1617 NORTH HAMILTON STREET, SPOKANE, WA 99207
517 W THIRD AVENUE, SPOKANE, WA 99204
2903 E 29TH AVENUE, SPOKANE, WA 99223
9305 N NEWPORT HIGHWAY, SPOKANE, WA 99212
2222 N ARGONNE ROAD, SPOKANE, WA 99212-2337
4647 S REGAL ST, SPOKANE, WA 99203
3530 N SULLIVAN RD, SPOKANE, WA 99216
10511 W AERO ROAD, SPOKANE, WA 99224
12802 NORTH SR 395, SPOKANE, WA 99218
10516 E SPRAGUE AVE, SPOKANE VALLEY, WA 99206
26713 72ND AVE NW, STANWOOD, WA 98292-9387
33901 STATE RTE 2, SULTAN, WA 98294
1906 MAIN ST, SUMNER, WA 98390-1820
2200 YAKIMA VALLEY HWY, SUNNYSIDE, WA 98944-1282
1975 S UNION AVENUE, TACOMA, WA 98405
11012 PACIFIC AVE, TACOMA, WA 98444
802 TACOMA AVE S, TACOMA, WA 98402-2204
6311 6TH AVE, TACOMA, WA 98406-2021
2203 N PEARL ST, TACOMA, WA 98406-2549
4814 CENTER ST, TACOMA, WA 98409
17509 CANYON PKWY E, TACOMA, WA 98446
739 W 1ST AVE, TOPPENISH, WA 98948-1186
16501 S CENTER PKY, TUKWILA, WA 98188-3306
15210 PACIFIC HWY W, TUKWILA, WA 98188-2246
5601 CAPITOL BLVD, TUMWATER, WA 98501
2430 93RD AVE SW, TUMWATER, WA 98512
2326 S 1ST ST, UNION GAP, WA 98903
3802 BRIDGEPORT WAY W, UNIVERSITY PLACE, WA 98466-4416
6700 19TH ST W, UNIVERSITY PLACE, WA 98466
7010 HWY 99, VANCOUVER, WA 98665
2814 NE ANDRESEN RD, VANCOUVER, WA 98661
405 SE 131ST AVE, VANCOUVER, WA 98683
5517 NE GHER RD, VANCOUVER, WA 98684
13002 NE HWY 99, VANCOUVER, WA 98664
2400 SE 165TH AVE, VANCOUVER, WA 98683
710 NE 98TH CIR, VANCOUVER, WA 98665
2110 E 4TH PLAIN BLVD, VANCOUVER, WA 98661
15813 NE FOURTH PLAIN BLVD, VANCOUVER, WA 98682
819 N SULLIVAN RD, VERADALE, WA 99037
2130 E ISAACS AVE, WALLA WALLA, WA 99362-2216
814 S 9TH, WALLA WALLA, WA 99362-3907
1024 MISSION ST, WENATCHEE, WA 98801-1517
17223 140TH AVE NE, WOODINVILLE, WA 98072
1601 PACIFIC AVE, WOODLAND, WA 98674
1305 S 1ST ST, YAKIMA, WA 98901-3503
5910 SUMMITVIEW AVE, YAKIMA, WA 98908-3043
3907 RIVER RD, YAKIMA, WA 98902
1601 W LINCOLN, YAKIMA, WA 98902
19 E YAKIMA AVENUE, YAKIMA, WA 98901
505 YELM AVE W, YELM, WA 98597
820 ZILLAH WEST RD, ZILLAH, WA 98953-9542
601 S 4TH ST, ABBOTSFORD, WI 54405
2531 E FRONTAGE RD, ABRAMS, WI 54101
453 S MAIN ST, ADAMS, WI 53910
100 POWER ST, AMERY, WI 54001
2115 NEVA ROAD, ANTIGO, WI 54409
700 W NORTHLAND AVE, APPLETON, WI 54914-1425
3301 W COLLEGE AVE, APPLETON, WI 54914-3921
3320 N BALLARD RD, APPLETON, WI 54911-8987
2001 S KENSINGTON DR, APPLETON, WI 54915
310 NELSON DR, ARCADIA, WI 54612
720 W LAKE SHORE DR, ASHLAND, WI 54806-1440
780 BALDWIN PLAZA DR, BALDWIN, WI 54002
1200 WISCONSIN DELLS PKWY S, BARABOO, WI 53913
314 PINE ST, BARABOO, WI 53913-1174
360 E DIVISION AVE, BARRON, WI 54812
1639 N SPRING ST, BEAVER DAM, WI 53916-2206
107 LAKEVIEW DR, BELGIUM, WI 53004
1443 MADISON RD, BELOIT, WI 53511-4080
45 STATE ST, BELOIT, WI 53511-6233
2881 MILWAUKEE ROAD, BELOIT, WI 53511
295 BROADWAY STREET, BERLIN, WI 54923-1703
S71W23460 NATIONAL AVE, BIG BEND, WI 53103-9647
851 STATE HIGHWAY 54, BLACK RIVER FALLS, WI 54615-5452
2000 17TH AVENUE, BLOOMER, WI 54724
570 W RYAN ST, BRILLION, WI 54110
2104 1ST CENTER AVE, BRODHEAD, WI 53520
300 N MOORLAND RD, BROOKFIELD, WI 53005-6037

139

TELEPHONE
206-365-9020
360-697-4012
360-692-6963
360-294-8756
425-482-1608
509-467-8811
509-328-7716
509-484-4666
509-489-9723
509-327-3132
509-535-0877
509-325-3887
509-484-8641
509-455-7911
509-535-5698
509-466-6950
509-926-4490
509-443-0895
509-892-4075
509-456-4226
509-468-6779
509-924-2929
360-629-9787
360-793-2878
253-891-0198
509-837-5066
253-272-6000
253-292-3796
253-272-4942
253-565-3827
253-756-6771
253-460-1069
253-536-6304
509-865-3771
206-575-3652
206-241-1177
360-754-0691
360-918-0206
509-248-4335
253-565-0747
253-564-7889
360-694-3591
360-693-8481
360-253-9870
360-253-8264
360-574-9630
360-882-6868
360-574-4289
360-735-0583
360-896-8438
509-922-1629
509-525-5775
509-525-6553
509-662-8611
425-483-5797
360-225-3704
509-452-7877
509-965-1031
509-576-8000
509-248-4289
509-452-8840
360-458-2636
509-829-5005
715-223-8700
920-826-6330
608-339-2875
715-268-6700
715-627-4666
920-734-4500
920-731-7792
920-832-9696
920-739-0501
608-323-3153
715-682-5455
715-684-5355
608-254-7472
608-356-2654
715-537-1010
920-885-3104
262-285-4123
608-362-8718
608-362-3900
608-362-8130
920-361-3144
262-662-3288
715-284-5538
715-568-1777
920-756-2001
608-897-2462
262-782-2280

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
CHARLES DION CONN
GUY T BUCCIFERRO, III
METAXIA SCHMITZ
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
JACK A KING
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
CHARLES DION CONN
CHARLES DION CONN
RYAN LARSON
JEFFREY M STEREN
CHARLES SNAY
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
SAMUEL J PAVLIK
CHARLES DION CONN
WILLIAM H MCESSY
JACK A KING
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
GUY T BUCCIFERRO, III
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
GUY T BUCCIFERRO, III
CHARLES DION CONN
DAVID W RAUSE
DAVID W RAUSE
DAVID W RAUSE
CHARLES DION CONN
JOSEPH RICELY
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
CHARLES DION CONN
CHARLES DION CONN
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
JOHN J PAVLIK
SAMUEL J PAVLIK
SAMUEL J PAVLIK
DAVID E SCHANOCK
DAVID E SCHANOCK
DAVID E SCHANOCK
DAVID E SCHANOCK
DAVID E SCHANOCK
DAVID E SCHANOCK
DAVID E SCHANOCK
CHARLES DION CONN
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
JEFFREY M STEREN
DAVID W RAUSE
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
PATRICK DUVAL
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
GUY T BUCCIFERRO, III
CHARLES DION CONN
DAVID W RAUSE
NICHOLAS KARAVITES
NICHOLAS KARAVITES
WILLIAM H MCESSY
JEFFREY M STEREN
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
JACK A KING
DAVID W RAUSE
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
WILLIAM H MCESSY
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
GLENN J KARPINSKE
DAVID W RAUSE
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
LAWRENCE C LARSON
GUY T BUCCIFERRO, III
GUY T BUCCIFERRO, III
GUY T BUCCIFERRO, III
CHARLES DION CONN
CHARLES DION CONN
CHARLES DION CONN
CHARLES DION CONN
CHARLES DION CONN
CHARLES DION CONN
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
JEFFREY FISH

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
18695 W BLUEMOUND RD, BROOKFIELD, WI 53045-2923
240 E JEFFERSON STREET, BURLINGTON, WI 53105-1494
5125 DOUGLAS AVE, CALEDONIA, WI 53402-2029
W62N270 WASHINGTON ST, CEDARBURG, WI 53012-2763
1123 E CHESTNUT, CHILTON, WI 53014-1601
100 PRAIRIE VIEW RD, CHIPPEWA FALLS, WI 54729-3655
287 S MAIN ST, CLINTONVILLE, WI 54929-1604
1540 JAMES STREET, COLUMBUS, WI 53925
401 W COTTAGE GROVE, COTTAGE GROVE, WI 53527-9323
13 S HWY 141, CRIVITZ, WI 54114
6163 S PACKARD AVE, CUDAHY, WI 53110-3055
1310 GALENA STREET, DARLINGTON, WI 53530
1022 MAIN AVE, DE PERE, WI 54115-1308
1373 S BROADWAY, DE PERE, WI 54115
2421 MONROE RD, DE PERE, WI 54115-9217
981 W NORTH ST, DEFOREST, WI 53532-1971
1244 GENEVA ST, DELAVAN, WI 53115-2002
610 DEPERE RD, DENMARK, WI 54208-0754
1101 N MAIN, DODGEVILLE, WI 53533-1149
604 HIGHWAY 10 E, DURAND, WI 54736
119 W PINE ST, EAGLE RIVER, WI 54521
2526 MAIN ST, EAST TROY, WI 53120
1513 S HASTINGS WAY, EAU CLAIRE, WI 54701-4464
2702 CRAIG RD, EAU CLAIRE, WI 54701-6151
6251 TRUAX LN, EAU CLAIRE, WI 54703-9641
3708 GATEWAY DR, EAU CLAIRE, WI 54702
110 MARKET ST, ELKHORN, WI 53121-1167
159 WEST MAIN STREET, ELLSWORTH, WI 54011
9 JOHN LINDEMANN DR, EVANSVILLE, WI 53536
2845 FISH HATCHERY RD, FITCHBURG, WI 53713
699 S MILITARY RD, FOND DU LAC, WI 54935-4702
770 W JOHNSON ST, FOND DU LAC, WI 54935-2016
929 E JOHNSON ST, FOND DU LAC, WI 54935-9399
225 N MAIN ST, FORT ATKINSON, WI 53538
7501 W RAWSON AVE, FRANKLIN, WI 53132-9689
108 HIGHLAND DR, FREDONIA, WI 53021
N112W15936 MEQUON ROAD, GERMANTOWN, WI 53022
5344 N PORT WASHINGTON RD, GLENDALE, WI 53217
606 FALLS RD, GRAFTON, WI 53024-2619
2570 WASHINGTON ST, GRAFTON, WI 53024
1125 RADISSON ST, GREEN BAY, WI 54302-1647
2340 E MASON ST, GREEN BAY, WI 54302-3746
2721 MANITOWOC ROAD, GREEN BAY, WI 54311
1587 SHAWANO AVE, GREEN BAY, WI 54303-3218
1609 S MAIN ST, GREEN BAY, WI 54302-2626
2340 S ONEIDA ST, GREEN BAY, WI 54304-5231
2625 W MASON ST, GREEN BAY, WI 54303-4964
1903 S WEBSTER AVE, GREEN BAY, WI 54301-2255
2420 VELP AVE, GREEN BAY, WI 54303-6534
2600 S PACKERLAND DR, GREEN BAY, WI 54313
4550 S 108TH ST, GREENFIELD, WI 53228-2507
5040 S 76TH ST, GREENFIELD, WI 53220-4308
4275 S 27TH ST, GREENFIELD, WI 53221-1832
W6308 WALLEY WAY, GREENVILLE, WI 54942
1450 E SUMNER ST, HARTFORD, WI 53027-2605
10488 S DAKOTA AVE, HAYWARD, WI 54843
3924 CIRCLE DR, HOLMEN, WI 54636
2411 CREST VIEW DR, HUDSON, WI 54016-9498
N168W22225 MAIN ST, JACKSON, WI 53037-9474
2610 W COURT ST, JANESVILLE, WI 53545
1423 S HWY 26, JEFFERSON, WI 53549-2910
401 LAWE ST, KAUKAUNA, WI 54130-2019
7060 GREEN BAY RD, KENOSHA, WI 53144
3711 57TH AVENUE, KENOSHA, WI 53144
12214 75TH ST, KENOSHA, WI 53142
1820 30TH AVENUE, KENOSHA, WI 53144-1437
102 BADGER RD HWY 45, KEWASKUM, WI 53040
1135 SERVICE RD, KIEL, WI 53042-1282
840 EISENHOWER DR, KIMBERLY, WI 54136-2146
2437 W GEORGE ST, LA CROSSE, WI 54601
2810 LOSEY BLVD S, LA CROSSE, WI 54601
1001 W LAKE AVE, LADYSMITH, WI 54848
104 WELLS ST, LAKE GENEVA, WI 53147-2094
2971 COMMERCIAL BLVD, LAKE HALLIE, WI 54729
120 W ALONA LN, LANCASTER, WI 53813
300 MOASIS DRIVE, LITTLE CHUTE, WI 54140
630 E AVE, LOMIRA, WI 53048-9572
408 CENTER DR, LUXEMBURG, WI 54217
4687 VERONA DR, MADISON, WI 53711-2736
6910 ODANA RD, MADISON, WI 53719-1018
4500 UNIVERSITY AVE, MADISON, WI 53705-2155
2402 S PARK ST, MADISON, WI 53713-2008
4502 E WASHINGTON AVE, MADISON, WI 53704-3234
2901 DRYDEN DR, MADISON, WI 53704-3009
4020 MILWAUKEE ST, MADISON, WI 53704-1910
1102 REGENT ST, MADISON, WI 53715-1251
2733 E WASHINGTON AVE, MADISON, WI 53704
3512 CALUMET AVE, MANITOWOC, WI 54220-5430
5050 HECKER RD, MANITOWOC, WI 54221
667 MARATECH AVENUE, MARATHON, WI 54448

140

TELEPHONE
262-797-9977
262-763-8777
262-681-9962
262-377-1199
920-849-7383
715-723-7187
715-823-5540
920-623-9349
608-839-1803
715-854-7162
414-571-0530
608-776-3430
920-336-0255
920-337-9960
920-465-7765
608-846-2373
262-728-8101
920-863-3922
608-935-2420
715-672-4332
715-479-5222
262-642-9859
715-835-9919
715-514-1363
715-874-6771
715-830-1135
262-723-8660
715-273-4500
608-882-4032
608-274-9890
920-922-7070
920-922-4740
920-924-0331
920-563-9593
414-425-3888
262-692-6515
262-253-4710
414-906-1443
262-377-3130
262-377-2753
920-436-0305
920-468-7575
920-965-0057
920-494-4472
920-468-5526
920-497-2001
920-499-9956
920-432-9220
920-434-7955
920-429-2026
414-425-7206
414-282-6480
414-281-4471
920-757-9260
262-673-4141
715-634-1337
608-781-2588
715-381-1551
262-677-9806
608-752-0100
920-674-4007
920-759-2724
262-697-7680
262-654-6085
262-857-9322
262-551-0890
262-626-8467
920-894-2174
920-735-9292
608-781-0366
608-788-6230
715-532-6198
262-248-1144
715-738-1070
608-723-2500
920-687-9180
920-269-4412
920-845-9446
608-274-2668
608-820-1112
608-238-5909
608-251-1993
608-249-4500
608-249-9446
608-241-7797
608-257-1102
608-240-1665
920-682-5592
920-682-8504
715-443-6545

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
RYAN LARSON
JEFFREY FISH
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
CHARLES DION CONN
JEFFREY FISH
DAVID W RAUSE
DAVID W RAUSE
SEAN KENNEDY
CHARLES DION CONN
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
CHARLES DION CONN
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
GUY T BUCCIFERRO, III
GUY T BUCCIFERRO, III
JOSEPH RICELY
JOSEPH RICELY
JOSEPH RICELY
SEAN KENNEDY
SEAN KENNEDY
SEAN KENNEDY
SEAN KENNEDY
SEAN KENNEDY
BETTY D PYLES
BETTY D PYLES
ROBERT B PYLES
ROBERT B PYLES
ROBERT B PYLES
ERIK SCHROEDER
ERIK SCHROEDER
ERIK SCHROEDER
ERIK SCHROEDER
ERIK SCHROEDER
JEFFREY M STEREN
JEFFREY M STEREN
JEFFREY M STEREN
JEFFREY M STEREN
JEFFREY M STEREN
JEFFREY M STEREN
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
CHARLES DION CONN
CHARLES SNAY
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
CHARLES DION CONN
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
CHARLES DION CONN
CHARLES DION CONN
DAVID W RAUSE
DAVID W RAUSE
JEFFREY FISH
CHARLES DION CONN
CHARLES DION CONN
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
JAMES HOEFT
JEFFREY M STEREN
JEFFREY M STEREN
CHARLES DION CONN
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
CHARLES DION CONN
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
WILLIAM H MCESSY
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
CHARLES DION CONN
CHARLES DION CONN
CASEY NEWMAN
NICHOLAS KARAVITES
JEFFREY FISH
JEFFREY FISH
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
CHARLES DION CONN
CHARLES DION CONN
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
DAVID E SCHANOCK
METAXIA SCHMITZ
METAXIA SCHMITZ
JEFFREY M STEREN
JEFFREY M STEREN
JEFFREY M STEREN
JEFFREY M STEREN
LORRIE GORICHS
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
2291 ROOSEVELT RD, MARINETTE, WI 54143-3800
1101 N CENTRAL, MARSHFIELD, WI 54449-1504
600 MCEVOY RD, MAUSTON, WI 53948
1157 HORICON ST, MAYVILLE, WI 53050-1443
4800 LARSON BEACH ROAD, MCFARLAND, WI 53558
140 S 8TH ST, MEDFORD, WI 54451-1518
1281 VALLEY RD, MENASHA, WI 54952-1136
212 RACINE ST, MENASHA, WI 54952
N83W15515 APPLETON AVE, MENOMONEE FALLS, WI 53051-3713
N56W15475 SILVER SPRING DR, MENOMONEE FALLS, WI 53051
1505 N BROADWAY, MENOMONIE, WI 54751
11250 N PORT WASHINGTON RD, MEQUON, WI 53092-3410
3400 E MAIN ST, MERRILL, WI 54452-9001
2626 ALLEN BLVD, MIDDLETON, WI 53562-2214
8308 GREENWAY BLVD, MIDDLETON, WI 53562-3505
6409 W BLUE MOUND RD, MILWAUKEE, WI 53213-4061
1575 W WASHINGTON, MILWAUKEE, WI 53204-2279
1931 S 14TH ST, MILWAUKEE, WI 53204
2520 W NATIONAL AVE, MILWAUKEE, WI 53204-1055
920 W NORTH AVE, MILWAUKEE, WI 53205-1329
5265 W FOND DU LAC AVE, MILWAUKEE, WI 53216-1363
2455 W WISCONSIN AVE, MILWAUKEE, WI 53233-1827
420 E CAPITOL, MILWAUKEE, WI 53212-1212
2700 W CAPITAL DR, MILWAUKEE, WI 53216-2641
7451 W APPLETON AVE, MILWAUKEE, WI 53216-1005
8100 W BROWN DEER RD, MILWAUKEE, WI 53223-1704
7170 N TEUTONIA, MILWAUKEE, WI 53209-2320
4925 W HAMPTON AVE, MILWAUKEE, WI 53218
5739 W SILVER SPRING DR, MILWAUKEE, WI 53218
11313 W SILVER SPRING DR, MILWAUKEE, WI 53225
5191 N TEUTONIA AVE, MILWAUKEE, WI 53209-5541
8220 W HAMPTON AVE, MILWAUKEE, WI 53218
76TH AND GOOD HOPE RD, MILWAUKEE, WI 53223
191 W LAYTON AVE, MILWAUKEE, WI 53207-5916
1614 E NORTH AVE, MILWAUKEE, WI 53202-1035
830 E POTTER AVE, MILWAUKEE, WI 53207-1868
6262 S 13TH ST, MILWAUKEE, WI 53221-5125
707 S 1ST ST, MILWAUKEE, WI 53204-1802
5890 S 27TH ST, MILWAUKEE, WI 53221
8689 HWY 51, MINOCQUA, WI 54548
4905 MONONA DR, MONONA, WI 53716
425 8TH ST, MONROE, WI 53566
553 HWY 153 E, MOSINEE, WI 54455-1740
1301 PERIMETER RD, MOUNT HOREB, WI 53572-1892
13343 WASHINGTON AVE, MT PLEASANT, WI 53177-1527
1020 NORTH ROCHESTER STREET, MUKWONAGO, WI 53149-8738
W189S7851 RACINE AVE, MUSKEGO, WI 53150-9546
705 GREEN BAY RD, NEENAH, WI 54956-3174
102 E BELL ST, NEENAH, WI 54956-4153
110 MARKET ST, NEKOOSA, WI 54457-1122
3680 S MOORLAND RD, NEW BERLIN, WI 53151-5147
17155 W CLEVELAND AVE, NEW BERLIN, WI 53151-3539
1701 EAST BRIDGE STREET, NEW LISBON, WI 53950
1135 N SHAWANO ST, NEW LONDON, WI 54961
243 N KNOWLES AVE, NEW RICHMOND, WI 54017
9471 S 13TH ST, OAK CREEK, WI 53154
8800 S HOWELL AVE, OAK CREEK, WI 53154-3802
880 E WISCONSIN AVE, OCONOMOWOC, WI 53066-3150
105 MAIN ST, OCONTO, WI 54153-1928
9398 STATE ROAD 16, ONALASKA, WI 54650
1029 N MAIN ST, OREGON, WI 53575-1052
1863 N JACKSON ST, OSHKOSH, WI 54901-2203
1995 MENARD DR, OSHKOSH, WI 54901-6178
2240 WESTOWNE AVE, OSHKOSH, WI 54904-9999
50656 RADCLIFFE ST, OSSEO, WI 54758
25555 75TH ST, PADDOCK LAKE, WI 53168
1130 4TH AVE S, PARK FALLS, WI 54552
621 RYAN ST, PEWAUKEE, WI 53072
1383 CAPITOL DR, PEWAUKEE, WI 53072-1844
1775 PROGRESSIVE PARKWAY, PLATTEVILLE, WI 53818
10551 120TH AVE, PLEASANT PRAIRIE, WI 53158
2601 PLOVER ROAD, PLOVER, WI 54467
1205 COMMONS CIRCLE, PLOVER, WI 54467
2111 EASTERN AVE, PLYMOUTH, WI 53073-4268
1700 N WISCONSIN RD, PORT WASHINGTON, WI 53074-1044
2860 NEW PINERY RD, PORTAGE, WI 53901-9223
N3240 COUNTY RD J, POYNETTE, WI 53955-9445
602 S MARQUETTE RD, PRAIRIE DU CHIEN, WI 53821-2124
920 COUNTY HWY B, PULASKI, WI 54162
3037 N DOUGLAS AVE, RACINE, WI 53402-4177
1520 STATE STREET, RACINE, WI 53404
2100 LATHROP AVE, RACINE, WI 53405-4135
6630 WASHINGTON AVE, RACINE, WI 53406-3924
2610 S GREEN BAY RD, RACINE, WI 53406-4900
4707 TAYLOR AVE, RACINE, WI 53406-5521
1500 MAIN ST, REEDSBURG, WI 53959-1458
25 S STEVENS ST, RHINELANDER, WI 54501
1917 S MAIN ST, RICE LAKE, WI 54868-2919
3230B PIONEER ROAD, RICHFIELD, WI 53076
875 HWY 14 E, RICHLAND CENTER, WI 53581-2919

141

TELEPHONE
715-732-4840
715-387-4785
608-847-6166
920-387-3023
608-838-0139
715-748-2777
920-738-0333
920-722-0200
262-251-0800
262-252-4609
715-235-4339
262-241-8810
715-536-6176
608-836-6644
608-841-1303
414-258-4906
414-645-3660
414-645-9203
414-645-0606
414-374-6565
414-442-5170
414-937-3750
414-964-7485
414-871-0770
414-463-7332
414-354-3140
414-352-6585
414-616-9862
414-461-1040
414-210-4930
414-461-4940
414-763-4834
414-446-9199
414-482-4780
414-276-0340
414-769-0730
414-764-3331
414-276-7906
414-282-2250
715-356-4004
608-222-8444
608-328-4231
715-693-4049
608-437-5087
262-886-3010
262-363-3039
262-679-8161
920-720-9488
920-722-6666
715-886-5000
262-786-4960
262-782-9354
608-562-3479
920-982-5540
715-246-6128
414-762-7565
414-571-9621
262-567-6369
920-834-2744
608-783-7274
608-835-2279
920-231-2268
920-426-3600
920-231-8366
715-597-3995
262-843-3592
715-762-1632
262-691-9706
262-695-8195
608-348-6901
262-857-9634
715-341-3736
715-544-4200
920-892-4117
262-284-3880
608-742-5254
608-635-2655
608-326-4415
920-822-5900
262-639-6178
262-633-3546
262-554-1100
262-886-1177
262-554-7876
262-554-7758
608-524-3448
715-369-1775
715-234-9702
262-628-2695
608-647-2740

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
VINCENT G KING
JAMES HOEFT
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
LORRIE GORICHS
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
JEFFREY FISH
DAVID E SCHANOCK
DAVID E SCHANOCK
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
JEFFREY M STEREN
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
JEFFREY FISH
JEFFREY FISH
JEFFREY FISH
CHARLES DION CONN
LAWRENCE C LARSON
LAWRENCE C LARSON
CHARLES DION CONN
CHARLES DION CONN
PREDRAG DOSTANIC
PREDRAG DOSTANIC
CHARLES DION CONN
JEFFREY FISH
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
CHARLES DION CONN
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
WILLIAM H MCESSY
CHARLES DION CONN
CHARLES DION CONN
CHARLES DION CONN
CHARLES DION CONN
CHARLES DION CONN
CHARLES DION CONN
GUY T BUCCIFERRO, III
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
JEFFREY FISH
JEFFREY FISH
JEFFREY FISH
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
JOSEPH RICELY
CHARLES DION CONN
ERIK SCHROEDER
ERIK SCHROEDER
SEAN KENNEDY
SEAN KENNEDY
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
CHARLES DION CONN
CHARLES DION CONN
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
RICHARD T LOMMEN, JR.
JEFFREY FISH
STEVEN KILIAN, JR.
ANDERSON E HAUGHEY
TIMOTHY ALLISON
TIMOTHY ALLISON
TIMOTHY ALLISON
TIMOTHY ALLISON
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
CARLOS R MATEOS
JAKE FARIS
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
RAJESH SAINANI
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
KATHRYN E FOSTER
GREGORY L MILLS
STEVEN R TELISCHAK
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
TIMOTHY ALLISON
ANDERSON E HAUGHEY
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
TODD M NEMESEK

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
1113 W FOND DU LAC ST, RIPON, WI 54971-9999
1505 PAULSON RD, RIVER FALLS, WI 54022
1193 70TH AVENUE, ROBERTS, WI 54023
727 US HWY 12 PHILLIPS BLVD, SAUK CITY, WI 53583
656 E GREEN BAY AVE, SAUKVILLE, WI 53080
2100 VOLKMAN ST, SCHOFIELD, WI 54476-1361
140 E STATE HIGHWAY 54, SEYMOUR, WI 54165
1202 E GREEN BAY ST, SHAWANO, WI 54166-2208
2307 NORTH AVE, SHEBOYGAN, WI 53083
2425 S BUSINESS DR, SHEBOYGAN, WI 53081-6134
3418 KOHLER MEMORIAL DR, SHEBOYGAN, WI 53081-8300
3626 S TAYLOR DR, SHEBOYGAN, WI 53081
1060 HWY 32 N, SHEBOYGAN FALLS, WI 53085-2511
2715 S CHICAGO AVE, SOUTH MILWAUKEE, WI 53172-3129
620 S BLACK RIVER ST, SPARTA, WI 54656-2216
104 RIVER ST, SPOONER, WI 54801
2200 GLACIER RD, ST CROIX FALLS, WI 54024
604 S BROADWAY, STANLEY, WI 54768
127 N DIVISON ST, STEVENS POINT, WI 54481-1150
5625 HWY 10 E, STEVENS POINT, WI 54481-9183
1429 HWY 51 W, STOUGHTON, WI 53589
1212 EGG HARBOR RD, STURGEON BAY, WI 54235-0613
1132 GREEN BAY RD, STURGEON BAY, WI 54235-0613
505 A ST, SUN PRAIRIE, WI 53590-2066
2750 PRAIRIE LAKES DRIVE, SUN PRAIRIE, WI 53590
2026 TOWER AVE, SUPERIOR, WI 54880-2546
2115 E 2ND ST, SUPERIOR, WI 54880-3650
W24 N6522 COUNTY RD J, SUSSEX, WI 53089-3536
101 W HILL, THORP, WI 54771
2015 N SUPERIOR AVE, TOMAH, WI 54660
1329 N 4TH ST, TOMAHAWK, WI 54487-2126
638 HWY 8, TURTLE LAKE, WI 54889
1414 LAKE ST, TWO RIVERS, WI 54241-3535
835 15TH AVENUE, UNION GROVE, WI 53182
107 HORIZON DR, VERONA, WI 53719
1214 N MAIN ST, VIROQUA, WI 54665
815A FOX LANE, WATERFORD NORTH, WI 53185-4511
625 S CHURCH ST, WATERTOWN, WI 53094-6298
800 E LINMAR RD, WATERTOWN, WI 53094-8506
2340 E MORELAND BLVD, WAUKESHA, WI 53186-2908
801 MEADOWBROOK RD, WAUKESHA, WI 53188
2047 SILVERNAIL RD, WAUKESHA, WI 53072
1635 E MAIN ST, WAUKESHA, WI 53186-3958
651 W MAIN ST, WAUNAKEE, WI 53597-1105
200 S WESTERN AVE, WAUPACA, WI 54981-9175
932 E MAIN ST, WAUPUN, WI 53963-1502
1205 CAMPUS DR, WAUSAU, WI 54401
2002 W STEWART AVE, WAUSAU, WI 54401
225500 RIB MOUNTAIN DR, WAUSAU, WI 54401-7644
409 FOREST ST, WAUSAU, WI 54403
N2545 PLAZA RD, WAUTOMA, WI 54982
6631 W NORTH AVE, WAUWATOSA, WI 53213-2049
12324 W NORTH AVE, WAUWATOSA, WI 53226
3131 N MAYFAIR RD, WAUWATOSA, WI 53222-3201
3800 N 124TH ST, WAUWATOSA, WI 53222
10915 W NATIONAL AVE, WEST ALLIS, WI 53227
1550 S 108TH, WEST ALLIS, WI 53214
1810 W WASHINGTON ST, WEST BEND, WI 53095-2302
1140 S MAIN ST, WEST BEND, WI 53095-1923
206 N PIONEER PARK RD, WESTFIELD, WI 53964-8868
1069 W MAIN ST, WHITEWATER, WI 53190-1616
4409 HWY 19, WINDSOR, WI 53598-9621
2325 WISCONSIN DELLS PARKWAY, WISCONSIN DELLS, WI 53965
30 COMMERCE STREET, WISCONSIN DELLS, WI 53965
2128 8TH ST S, WISCONSIN RAPIDS, WI 54494-6153
413 N GENESEE ST, WITTENBERG, WI 54499
10 RING ROAD, BARBOURSVILLE, WV 25504
200 AIRPORT RD, BEAVER, WV 25813
4072 ROBERT C BYRD DR, BECKLEY, WV 25801
101 HYLTON LN, BECKLEY, WV 25801
2930 ROBERT C BYRD DRIVE, BECKLEY, WV 25801
2700 E DUPONT AVE, BELLE, WV 25015
28 MORGAN SQUARE, BERKELEY SPRINGS, WV 25411
555 BLUEFIELD AVE, BLUEFIELD, WV 24701
1021 W MAIN ST, BRIDGEPORT, WV 26330
111 S KANAWHA ST, BUCKHANNON, WV 26201
732 E WASHINGTON ST, CHARLES TOWN, WV 25414
6414 MACCORKLE AVE SE, CHARLESTON, WV 25304
1626 E WASHINGTON ST, CHARLESTON, WV 25311
3303 MCCORKLE AVE SE, CHARLESTON, WV 25304
6400 SISSONVILLE DRIVE, CHARLESTON, WV 25312
431 CAROLINA AVE, CHESTER, WV 26034-1129
745 W PIKE ST, CLARKSBURG, WV 26301
466 EMILY DR, CLARKSBURG, WV 26330
857 WV-16, CRAB ORCHARD, WV 25827
5448 BIG TYLER RD, CROSS LANES, WV 25313
1000 DUNBAR VILLAGE PLAZA, DUNBAR, WV 25064
446 S RANDOLPH AVE, ELKINS, WV 26241
105 CROSSINGS MALL, ELKVIEW, WV 25071
113 W WASHINGTON STREET, ELLENBORO, WV 26346

142

TELEPHONE
920-748-9299
715-426-9326
715-749-4470
608-643-3631
262-268-1184
715-359-7251
920-833-1150
715-524-2541
920-458-2421
920-458-2021
920-458-8644
920-458-3608
920-467-9940
414-762-2350
608-269-7505
715-635-6052
715-483-5130
715-644-5982
715-341-0042
715-345-9578
608-873-6939
920-743-2622
920-746-9076
608-837-6400
608-825-7796
715-392-5727
715-398-5422
262-820-0380
715-669-7323
608-372-4757
715-453-9517
715-986-4419
920-793-2239
262-878-1208
608-848-6188
608-637-8400
262-534-5534
920-261-1108
920-699-4077
262-786-7380
262-524-0125
262-549-6063
262-544-1352
608-849-6741
715-258-8500
920-324-4937
715-675-2376
715-845-8070
715-355-4874
715-842-2999
920-787-2724
414-475-0055
414-259-1286
414-771-4340
414-461-8155
414-543-6440
262-649-4500
262-338-3474
262-338-1801
608-296-3950
262-473-7811
608-846-3710
608-254-5745
608-254-7618
715-421-1680
715-253-2233
304-733-0455
304-252-9527
304-252-7310
304-252-8286
304-253-5980
304-949-6695
304-258-9540
304-327-5828
304-842-2330
304-472-6046
304-725-3040
304-925-0147
304-343-4256
304-344-8934
304-984-1640
304-387-1090
304-624-5151
304-622-2000
304-683-4482
304-776-6985
304-766-6767
304-636-8568
304-965-6981
304-869-3070

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
CHRISTOPHER KILIANY
TWILA MEZAN
CHRISTOPHER R CONNOLLY
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
KATHRYN E FOSTER
TIMOTHY ALLISON
THOMAS WOLF
THOMAS WOLF
THOMAS WOLF
THOMAS WOLF
THOMAS WOLF
CHRISTOPHER R CONNOLLY
ANDERSON E HAUGHEY
ANDERSON E HAUGHEY
THOMAS WOLF
CARLOS R MATEOS
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
CHRISTOPHER R CONNOLLY
KATHRYN E FOSTER
ROBERT C CONNOLLY
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
CARLOS R MATEOS
CARLOS R MATEOS
CARLOS R MATEOS
ANDERSON E HAUGHEY
CHAD M NEMESEK
CARLOS R MATEOS
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
ROBERT E STOLTZ
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
ANDERSON E HAUGHEY
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
TIMOTHY ALLISON
TIMOTHY ALLISON
CHAD M NEMESEK
TERRY L NEMESEK
TODD M NEMESEK
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
CARLOS R MATEOS
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
CHAD M NEMESEK
TIMOTHY ALLISON
TIMOTHY ALLISON
TIMOTHY ALLISON
CARLOS R MATEOS
GREGORY L MILLS
GREGORY L MILLS
CHAD M NEMESEK
CARLOS R MATEOS
CHRISTOPHER KILIANY
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
ANDERSON E HAUGHEY
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
CARLOS R MATEOS
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
CHRISTOPHER R CONNOLLY
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
GREGORY L MILLS
CHRISTOPHER KILIANY
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
ROBERT E STOLTZ
WHITNEY CRUELLS
ROBERT E STOLTZ
C THOMAS LOCKE, JR.
TIMOTHY ALLISON
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
ROBERT E STOLTZ
JOHN W EBERT, JR.
TIMOTHY ALLISON
ANDERSON E HAUGHEY
LARRY STORO, JR.
L TIM POSTEL
L TIM POSTEL
L TIM POSTEL
JOHN E PREISS
JOHN E PREISS
JOHN E PREISS
JOHN E PREISS
JOHN E PREISS
NICHOLAS SNOWBERGER
L TIM POSTEL
DARRELL TROESTER

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
910 FAIRMONT AVENUE, FAIRMONT, WV 26554
1000 SPEEDWAY AVE, FAIRMONT, WV 26554
484 FAYETTE TOWN CENTER ROAD, FAYETTEVILLE, WV 25840
1514 MAIN ST, FOLLANSBEE, WV 26037
796 LARRY JOE HARLESS DR, GILBERT, WV 25621
19 FAIRGROUND RD, GLENVILLE, WV 26351
5 HARMAN AVE, GRAFTON, WV 26354
7305 LYNN AVENUE, HAMLIN, WV 25523
517 STOKES DR, HINTON, WV 25951
2106 5TH AVE, HUNTINGTON, WV 25703
3167 US RT 60, HUNTINGTON, WV 25705
1445 HAL GREER BLVD, HUNTINGTON, WV 25701
3333 RT 60 EAST (WM #2244), HUNTINGTON, WV 25701
116 FIFTH AVENUE, HUNTINGTON, WV 25701
4543 5TH ST RD, HUNTINGTON, WV 25701
4175 STATE ROUTE 34, HURRICANE, WV 25526
312 HURRICANE CREEK RD, HURRICANE, WV 25526
602 OAK ST, KENOVA, WV 25530
700 S MINERAL ST, KEYSER, WV 26726
211 W MAIN ST, KINGWOOD, WV 26537
75 NORMAN MORGAN BLVD, LOGAN, WV 25601
20 MAIN AVE, LOGAN, WV 25601
WV-85, MADISON, WV 25130
1511 E MAIN ST, MANNINGTON, WV 26582
14634 APPLE HARVEST DR, MARTINSBURG, WV 25401
5640 HAMMONDS MILL ROAD, MARTINSBURG, WV 25404
1320 EDWIN MILLER BLVD, MARTINSBURG, WV 25404
1067 EAST MAIN ST, MILTON, WV 25541
56 FRONTAGE RD, MINERALWELLS, WV 26150
751 N MAIN ST, MOOREFIELD, WV 26836
2932 UNIVERSITY AVE, MORGANTOWN, WV 26505
19 COMMERCE DR, MORGANTOWN, WV 26501
11 CHAPLIN RD, MORGANTOWN, WV 26501
351 SUNCREST TOWNE CENTER ROAD, MORGANTOWN, WV 26505
100 FOXTOWN DRIVE, MORGANTOWN, WV 26508
409 LAFAYETTE AVE, MOUNDSVILLE, WV 26041
176 N STATE RT, NEW MARTINSVILLE, WV 26155
4108 1ST AVE, NITRO, WV 25143
100 RT 98 W, NUTTER FORT, WV 26301
1552 E MAIN ST, OAK HILL, WV 25901
7550 WV-10, OCEANA, WV 24870
2508 OHIO AVE, PARKERSBURG, WV 26101
1000 DIVISION ST, PARKERSBURG, WV 26101
3131 E 7TH ST, PARKERSBURG, WV 26101
210 1ST ST, PARSONS, WV 26287
440 VIRGINIA AVE, PETERSBURG, WV 26847
121 BLUE, PHILIPPI, WV 26416
335 6TH ST, POINT PLEASANT, WV 25550
1310 STAFFORD DR, PRINCETON, WV 24740
715 OAKVALE RD, PRINCETON, WV 24740
542 JOHN RAINE DRIVE, RAINELLE, WV 25962
108 JOSHUA M FREEMAN BLVD, RANSON, WV 25438
509 WASHINGTON ST, RAVENSWOOD, WV 26164
3875 CHARLESTON ROAD, RIPLEY, WV 25271
101 NEW STONE RIDGE, RIPLEY, WV 25271
370 MAIN ST, ROMNEY, WV 26757
8721 SENECA TRAIL SOUTH, RONCEVERTE, WV 24970
1820 STURGES ST, SABRATON, WV 26505
4179 MCCORKLE AVE, SAINT ALBANS, WV 25177
210 3RD ST, SAINT MARYS, WV 26170
31 MADDEX SQUARE DR, SHEPHERDSTOWN, WV 25443
1139 S PIKE ST, SHINNSTON, WV 26431
323 MIDLAND TRAIL, SMITHERS, WV 25186
2535 MOUNTAINEER BLVD, SOUTH CHARLESTON, WV 25309
303 JEFFERSON ROAD, SOUTH CHARLESTON, WV 25309
465 W MAIN ST, SPENCER, WV 25276
5950 WEBSTER ROAD, SUMMERSVILLE, WV 26651
1990 SUTTON LN, SUTTON, WV 26601
210 CABELA DRIVE, TRIADELPHIA, WV 26059
903 GRAND CENTRAL AVE, VIENNA, WV 26105
211 WARWOOD AVENUE, WARWOOD, WV 26003
3 SPRINGS DR, WEIRTON, WV 26062
784 VIRGINIA AVE, WELCH, WV 24801
11 MARKET PL, WESTON, WV 26452
101 KRUGER STREET, WHEELING, WV 26003
2764 WHITE HALL BLVD, WHITE HALL, WV 26554
38045 MIDLAND TRAIL E, WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, WV 24931
3403 WINFIELD RD, WINFIELD, WV 25213
480 E HART ST, BUFFALO, WY 82834
40 SE WYOMING BLVD, CASPER, WY 82609-1937
4010 PLAZA DRIVE, CASPER, WY 82604
600 W F ST, CASPER, WY 82601-1300
2535 E LINCOLNWAY, CHEYENNE, WY 82001-5449
5700 N YELLOWSTONE RD, CHEYENNE, WY 82009-4132
4000 W COLLEGE DR, CHEYENNE, WY 82007
3410 DELL RANGE RD, CHEYENNE, WY 82009
410 S GREELEY HWY, CHEYENNE, WY 82007
2005 17TH ST, CODY, WY 82414-4718
1090 W YELLOWSTONE HWY, DOUGLAS, WY 82633
212 FRONT ST, EVANSTON, WY 82930-3632

143

TELEPHONE
304-366-7777
304-366-5200
304-574-4734
304-527-2500
304-664-3448
304-462-5010
304-265-1200
304-824-1600
304-466-0084
304-529-1490
304-736-2101
304-523-0098
304-522-8900
304-522-6280
304-522-8501
304-757-7778
304-562-5977
304-453-4694
304-788-0604
304-329-1889
304-752-0162
304-752-7241
304-369-5350
304-986-1338
304-263-6177
304-274-9561
304-263-3003
304-743-0056
304-489-1815
304-538-6545
304-599-4162
304-296-8222
304-598-3812
304-599-0382
304-284-0908
304-845-7822
304-455-1290
304-755-2011
304-624-0080
304-469-3833
304-682-4357
304-428-1196
304-428-2884
304-424-6008
304-478-2650
304-257-9350
304-457-5909
304-675-3908
304-425-7009
304-425-6096
304-438-8533
304-724-1171
304-273-8100
304-372-6725
304-372-9611
304-822-7348
304-645-2677
304-296-0508
304-727-5889
304-684-3600
304-876-1038
304-592-5272
304-442-4803
304-744-9136
304-744-5234
304-927-1000
304-872-2883
304-765-2665
304-547-9427
304-295-9763
304-277-2360
304-723-2680
304-436-2673
304-269-6465
304-242-3693
304-363-7004
304-536-9353
304-586-0385
307-684-7036
307-237-8320
307-265-5121
307-265-2363
307-632-1222
307-634-2757
307-637-8009
307-775-0286
307-369-2622
307-587-5900
307-358-9700
307-789-0595

EXHIBIT R (CONTINUED)
NAME
LARRY STORO, JR.
LARRY STORO, JR.
GREGORY M BAILEY
JOHN FINLEY
L TIM POSTEL
TODD R LUTHER
TODD R LUTHER
NICHOLAS SNOWBERGER
TODD R LUTHER
L TIM POSTEL
GREGORY M BAILEY
GREGORY M BAILEY
LARRY STORO, JR.
LARRY STORO, JR.
L TIM POSTEL
TODD R LUTHER
L TIM POSTEL

RESTAURANT ADDRESS
806 CAMEL DR, GILLETTE, WY 82716-4923
2112 WESTOVER RD, GILLETTE, WY 82718
599 E 4TH S, GREEN RIVER, WY 82935-4570
1110 W BROADWAY, JACKSON, WY 83001
235 MCFARLANE DR, LANDER, WY 82520-2949
3000 GRAND AVE, LARAMIE, WY 82070-5105
1666 SNOWY RANGE RD, LARAMIE, WY 82070
111 N EVARTS ST, POWELL, WY 82435
2225 PLAZA STREET, RAWLINS, WY 82301-6027
813 N FEDERAL BLVD, RIVERTON, WY 82501
1687 SUNSET DR, ROCK SPRINGS, WY 82901-7061
1607 ELK ST, ROCK SPRINGS, WY 82901
2590 N MAIN, SHERIDAN, WY 82801
2146 COFFEEN AVENUE, SHERIDAN, WY 82801
611 SHOSHONI ST, THERMOPOLIS, WY 82443
800 EAST VALLEY HIGHWAY, TORRINGTON, WY 82240
1700 BIG HORN AVE, WORLAND, WY 82401

144

TELEPHONE
307-686-0606
307-682-1134
307-875-7868
307-733-7444
307-332-3955
307-745-3600
307-745-0006
307-754-7918
307-324-7377
307-856-5068
307-382-3080
307-362-8883
307-672-5900
307-673-1100
307-864-2323
307-532-0120
307-347-2790

EXHIBIT S
LIST OF FRANCHISEES WHO HAD AN OUTLET TERMINATED,
CANCELED, NOT RENEWED, OR OTHERWISE VOLUNTARILY
OR INVOLUNTARILY CEASED TO DO BUSINESS
If you buy a McDonald’s franchise, your contact information may be disclosed to other buyers when you
leave the franchise system.
NAME
DEBRA MARTIN
MICHAEL JOHN MARTIN
CELIA MONTGOMERY
STEVE MONTGOMERY
DARRYL WEBB
ERIN CLEMENT
KENNETH CLEMENT
CHRISTINA NAPOLITANO-WERNAU
LEE HERIAUD
TRAVIS HERIAUD
BRANDON O'ROURKE
JERRY WERNAU
ROBERT KASSITY
GREGORY PASCHEN
CLAYTON PASCHEN III
CLAYTON PASCHEN, JR.
SCOTT FRISBIE
CARRA SUNSERI
TONI RODGERS
MARINA GHADIMIAN
MICHAEL LEE ADAMS
CHRISTINA MEISENHELTER
EUGENE KING
SANDRA TAYLOR
JEFFREY HEIDRICK
STEVEN MAST
MARY JOHNSON
MICHAEL JOHNSON
WILLIAM KYLE
LATHERIN THOMAS, JR.
DEANNA WITZEL
DONALD WITZEL
YOLANDA TRAVIS ESTATE
HARRY PAPPAS
BRADLEY DAVIS
MARY BREZNAY
PAUL BREZNAY
ROBERT MAZZARO
DORIS BOULRECE
OVETA MILLIGAN
KENNETH PATULA
DAVID BRANSCUM
CHARLES LIETZ ESTATE
BRIAN KELLY
RAOUL GREGORY ALVAREZ
ERIC RODEWALD
GILBERTINE BRUNDIDGE
MICHAEL MLINARCIK SR
MIKE GHADIMIAN
DAVID RUPRECHT
STEVEN SHORT
DAVID GIARLA
JENNIFER KASSITY
MICHAEL KASSITY

CITY AND STATE
FLORENCE, AL
MUSCLE SHOALS, AL
HOPE, AR
HOPE, AR
LITTLE ROCK, AR
PARADISE VALLEY, AZ
PARADISE VALLEY, AZ
PEORIA, AZ
PHOENIX, AZ
PHOENIX, AZ
PHOENIX, AZ
SCOTTSDALE, AZ
AUBURN, CA
CAMARILLO, CA
CAMARILLO, CA
CAMARILLO, CA
PLACENTIA, CA
SAN JOSE, CA
AURORA, CO
MADISON, CT
BONITA SPRINGS, FL
BONITA SPRINGS, FL
ORANGE PARK, FL
MABLETON, GA
SMYRNA, GA
KEOKUK, IA
POCATELLO, ID
POCATELLO, ID
TWIN FALLS, ID
AURORA, IL
DANVILLE, IL
DANVILLE, IL
MATTESON, IL
PERU, IL
TAYLORVILLE, IL
WASHBURN, IL
WASHBURN, IL
CROWN POINT, IN
HAMMOND, IN
GARDEN CITY, KS
HAZARD, KY
RUSSELL SPRINGS, KY
ANDOVER, MA
HANOVER, MD
UPPER MARLBORO, MD
GREENVILLE, MI
LATHUP VILLAGE, MI
WASHINGTON, MI
GRANDVIEW, MO
JEFFERSON CITY, MO
PEVELY, MO
ST. CHARLES, MO
BOZEMAN, MT
BOZEMAN, MT

TELEPHONE
256-248-2800
256-248-2800
870-777-0651
870-777-0651
678-618-1872
480-998-1566
480-998-1566
480-367-9500
602-265-2834
602-265-2834
602-266-2994
480-367-9500
530-613-1522
805-484-0459
805-484-0459
805-484-0459
714-630-9430
408-314-1228
248-797-5190
203-421-5390
239-591-8008
239-591-8008
904-272-7004
770-402-3221
303-619-4333
319-524-5552
208-232-0184
208-237-1998
208-734-5505
630-826-9027
217-446-5456
217-431-0215
708-849-3000
815-224-2386
217-820-9943
309-246-4777
309-246-4777
219-789-2605
219-845-8625
620-275-7139
606-378-2170
270-866-3966
978-809-3022
214-714-3090
240-375-9967
616-754-0002
248-552-8419
586-254-8586
816-765-1887
573-635-4844
618-222-2738
636-244-4870
406-522-0750
406-522-0750

NAME
CHRISTINA JAHNKE
CHRISTINE POPPE
CRAIG POPPE
THOMAS HAYNIE
KENNETH RUST
LISA RUST
COURTNEY GOODWIN
JAMES GOODWIN
BARRY TRAUB
DENNIS HALL ESTATE
MOHAMED RADY
PATRICIA RADY
RICHARD STULL
ANTHONY MACK
RITA MACK
KENNETH HULLINGS
ANTHONY MARINELLO
ROBERTO MADAN
MAYRA DE LA RIVA
RONALD FITHEN
HECTOR URENA III
MICHAEL ANDERER
NANCY WILKES
HECTOR URENA, JR.
CLARK BRINK
PAUL ROSS
ALAN HERZOG
EDWARD JOHN CUMMINGS, II
PATRICIA PETERS
DONALD ARMSTRONG
TIMOTHY WILLIAMSON
MIKE KENNEDY
ROXANNE KENNEDY
STEPHEN JACKSON
ROY JACKSON, III
MICHELE RICE
PRISCILLA FOSTER
ROBERT WALSH
SHARON WALSH
DOUGLAS DOHERTY ESTATE
WENDY WALLA
CARRIE GOODWIN
ROBERT GOODWIN
DANNY HAILEY
JOSE LOPEZ FERGUSON
ROBERT FLORES
HUBERT VO
JOSEPH WYMER
MONICA WYMER
LOUIS BRITT
LAWRENCE INGRAM ESTATE
JERI GARNER COLLINGS
LEON DICKEY
RICHARD HENDRICKS II
DENNIS MORRIS
MATTHEW RAY
MYRA HARPER
TIMOTHY HARPER SR
ROSS STOLTZ ESTATE

CITY AND STATE
KALISPELL, MT
ADVANCE, NC
ADVANCE, NC
APEX, NC
LUMBERTON, NC
LUMBERTON, NC
RALEIGH, NC
RALEIGH, NC
ROCKY MOUNT, NC
COLUMBUS, NE
LINCOLN, NE
LINCOLN, NE
MCCOOK, NE
ATLANTIC CITY, NJ
ATLANTIC CITY, NJ
HOWELL, NJ
LITTLE SILVER, NJ
NEWARK, NJ
GALLUP, NM
FAIRPORT, NY
FAIRPORT, NY
KINGS PARK, NY
NEWARK, NY
PENFIELD, NY
SARATOGA SPRINGS, NY
SYRACUSE, NY
DAYTON, OH
HARRISON, OH
HARRISON, OH
BEAVERTON, OR
BROOKINGS, OR
TIGARD, OR
TIGARD, OR
LATROBE, PA
LATROBE, PA
PITTSBURGH, PA
SEWICKLEY, PA
ULSTER, PA
ULSTER, PA
WILLIAMSPORT, PA
RAPID CITY, SD
CHATTANOOGA, TN
CHATTANOOGA, TN
JAMESTOWN, TN
AUSTIN, TX
FRIENDSWOOD, TX
HOUSTON, TX
HOUSTON, TX
HOUSTON, TX
KINGWOOD, TX
MESQUITE, TX
LOGAN, UT
NORFOLK, VA
WAYNESBORO, VA
MILL CREEK, WA
SPOKANE, WA
BECKLEY, WV
BECKLEY, WV
WHEELING, WV

TELEPHONE
406-360-2358
336-940-3927
336-940-3927
919-267-6843
910-738-1428
910-738-1428
910-818-2891
910-818-2891
252-443-0001
402-372-2423
818-585-4733
818-585-4733
308-345-2629
609-345-2998
609-345-2998
732-842-9400
732-449-3410
973-642-7577
505-722-4055
585-223-7351
585-734-2948
516-764-2443
315-946-0027
585-734-2948
518-587-2339
315-472-5556
937-454-1875
513-367-2649
513-941-7336
503-614-1922
541-412-0523
503-598-9995
503-598-9995
724-539-0922
724-539-0922
412-831-3784
412-583-4277
570-265-2928
570-265-2928
570-326-9000
605-342-7399
423-855-7377
423-855-7377
931-879-1771
512-731-6732
281-557-0737
281-933-4904
713-937-6108
713-956-8838
832-432-0091
972-252-8509
435-752-9363
757-714-5555
540-943-3176
425-582-8675
509-279-5598
304-252-0965
304-252-0965
304-233-1833

EXHIBIT T
STATE SPECIFIC ADDENDA
CALIFORNIA ADDENDUM
DISCLOSURES REGARDING THE CALIFORNIA FAST FOOD ACT
(CALIFORNIA ASSEMBLY BILL 1228)
A. ITEM 1: To the extent it is applicable, you must comply with California Assembly Bill 1228, codified at
Cal. Lab. Code §§ 1474-1475 (the “Fast Food Act”), which may set health, safety, and employment
standards related to your employees, including standards on minimum wages, working hours, and
working conditions.
B. ITEMS 5, 6, AND 11: We currently do not provide any training or assistance, or charge any initial or
ongoing fees, related to the development or implementation of any standards, policies, or procedures
that may be required under the Fast Food Act. It is solely your responsibility to determine whether
the Fast Food Act applies to your franchise and, to the extent it does apply, to comply with the Fast
Food Act when developing and constructing your restaurant, operating your franchise, and training
and supervising your employees.
C. ITEM 7: The Additional Funds estimate takes into account any increased costs that you may incur related
to complying with the Fast Food Act (such as increased wages), based on the Fast Food Act standards
that are in effect as of this Franchise Disclosure Document’s issuance date.
HAWAII ADDENDUM
THESE FRANCHISES WILL BE/HAVE BEEN FILED UNDER THE FRANCHISE INVESTMENT
LAW OF THE STATE OF HAWAII. FILING DOES NOT CONSTITUTE APPROVAL,
RECOMMENDATION OR ENDORSEMENT BY THE DIRECTOR OF REGULATORY
AGENCIES OR A FINDING BY THE DIRECTOR OF REGULATORY AGENCIES THAT THE
INFORMATION PROVIDED HEREIN IS TRUE, COMPLETE AND NOT MISLEADING. THE
FRANCHISE INVESTMENT LAW MAKES IT UNLAWFUL TO OFFER OR SELL ANY
FRANCHISE IN THIS STATE WITHOUT FIRST PROVIDING TO THE PROSPECTIVE
FRANCHISEE, OR SUBFRANCHISOR, AT LEAST SEVEN DAYS PRIOR TO THE EXECUTION
BY THE PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEE OF ANY BINDING FRANCHISE OR OTHER
AGREEMENT, OR AT LEAST SEVEN DAYS PRIOR TO THE PAYMENT OF ANY
CONSIDERATION BY THE FRANCHISEE, OR SUBFRANCHISOR, WHICHEVER OCCURS
FIRST, A COPY OF THE OFFERING CIRCULAR, TOGETHER WITH A COPY OF ALL
PROPOSED AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE SALE OF THE FRANCHISE. THIS OFFERING
CIRCULAR CONTAINS A SUMMARY ONLY OF CERTAIN MATERIAL PROVISIONS OF THE
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT. THE CONTRACT OR AGREEMENT SHOULD BE REFERRED TO
FOR A STATEMENT OF ALL RIGHTS, CONDITIONS, RESTRICTIONS AND OBLIGATIONS
OF BOTH THE FRANCHISOR AND THE FRANCHISEE.
The following language is in addition to Item 17 of the Franchise Disclosure Document:
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by you in connection with the
commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under
any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on

any statement made by us, any franchise seller, or any other person acting on our behalf. This
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.
MARYLAND ADDENDUM
The following language is in addition to Item 17 of the Franchise Disclosure Document:
1. The following language is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(c), entitled
Requirements for franchisee to renew or extend, and Item 17(m), entitled Conditions for franchisor
approval of transfer:
Any release required as a condition of renewal and/or assignment/transfer will not apply to
any liability under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.
2. The following language is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17(h), entitled
“Cause” defined – non-curable defaults:
Termination upon insolvency might not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law
(11 U.S.C. Section 101 et seq.), but we will enforce it to the extent enforceable.
3. The following language is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17(v), entitled
Choice of forum:
Franchisee may, subject to any arbitration obligations, bring an action in Maryland for
claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law to the extent
required by the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law, unless preempted by
the Federal Arbitration Act.
4. The following language is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17(w), entitled
Choice of law:
; however, to the extent required by the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure
Law, subject to your arbitration obligation, you may bring an action in Maryland.
5.

The following language is added to the end of the chart in Item 17:

You must bring any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and
Disclosure Law within 3 years after the grant of the franchise.
MINNESOTA ADDENDUM
The following language is in addition to Item 13 of the Franchise Disclosure Document:
McDonald’s considers the trademarks, trade names, logo types, service marks and commercial
symbols to be valuable property rights and continually protects against infringement of these assets.
It protects franchisees against claims of infringement or unfair competition to which the franchisees
might become subjected because of their authorized use of the trademarks, service marks, logo
types or other commercial symbols in the United States.

The following language is in addition to Item 17 of the Franchise Disclosure Document:
Nothing in the Franchise Disclosure Document or the franchise agreement shall in any way
abrogate or reduce any rights of the franchisee as provided for in Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C;
or franchisee’s rights to any procedure, forum, or remedies provided for by the laws of the
jurisdiction.
With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota law, the franchisor will comply with Minn. Stat.
Sec. 80C.14, Subds. 3, 4, and 5 which require, except in certain specified cases, that a franchisee be
given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) and 180 days’ notice for non-renewal of
the franchise agreement; and that consent to the transfer of the franchise will not be unreasonably
withheld.
NORTH DAKOTA ADDENDUM
The following language is in addition to Item 17 of the Franchise Disclosure Document:
Covenants not to compete such as those mentioned above generally are considered unenforceable in
the state of North Dakota. However, we will seek to enforce them to the extent enforceable.
North Dakota law will govern with respect to claims arising under the North Dakota Franchise
Investment Law.
WASHINGTON ADDENDUM
The following language is in addition to Item 17 of the Franchise Disclosure Document:
If any of the provisions in this Disclosure Document or the Franchise Agreement are inconsistent
with the relationship provisions of Revised Code of Washington Section 19.100.180 or any other
requirements of the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act (the “Act”), then (if the Act
applies by its terms) the provisions of the Act will prevail over the inconsistent terms of the
Disclosure Document and agreement for any franchises sold in Washington. However, we and you
agree to enforce the agreements’ provisions to the extent the law allows.
*************
ASSURANCE OF DISCONTINUANCE
STATE OF WASHINGTON
To resolve an investigation by the Washington Attorney General and without admitting any liability, we
have entered into an Assurance of Discontinuance (“AOD”) with the State of Washington, where we have
agreed to remove from our form franchise agreement a provision which restricts a franchisee from soliciting
and/or hiring the employees of our other franchisees and/or our employees, which the Attorney General
alleges violates Washington state and federal antitrust and unfair practices laws. We have agreed, as part of
the AOD, to not enforce any such provisions in any existing franchise agreement, to request that our
Washington franchisees amend their existing franchise agreements to remove such provisions, and to notify
our franchisees about the entry of the AOD. In addition, the State of Washington did not assess any fines or
other monetary penalties against us.

State Effective Dates
The following states have franchise laws that require that the Franchise Disclosure
Document be registered or filed with the state, or be exempt from registration: California,
Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North Dakota, Rhode
Island, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington, and Wisconsin.
This document is effective and may be used in the following states, where the document is
filed, registered or exempt from registration, as of the Effective Date stated below:
State

Effective Date

California

May 1, 2025, as amended February 1, 2026

Hawaii

May 1, 2025, as amended February 1, 2026 (pending)

Illinois

May 1, 2025, as amended February 1, 2026

Indiana

May 1, 2025, as amended February 1, 2026

Maryland

May 1, 2025, as amended February 1, 2026

Michigan

May 1, 2025, as amended February 1, 2026

Minnesota

May 1, 2025, as amended February 1, 2026

New York

May 1, 2025, as amended February 1, 2026

North Dakota

May 1, 2025, as amended February 1, 2026

Rhode Island

May 1, 2025, as amended February 1, 2026

South Dakota

May 1, 2025, as amended February 1, 2026

Virginia

April 30, 2025, as amended February 1, 2026

Washington

May 1, 2025, as amended February 1, 2026

Wisconsin

April 15, 2025, as amended February 1, 2026

Other states may require registration, filing, or exemption of a franchise under other
laws, such as those that regulate the offer and sale of business opportunities or sellerassisted marketing plans.

Receipt
This disclosure document summarizes certain provisions of the franchise agreement and other information in
plain language. Read this disclosure document and all agreements carefully.
If McDonald’s USA, LLC offers you a franchise, it must provide this disclosure document to you 14 calendardays before you sign a binding agreement with, or make a payment to, the franchisor or an affiliate in connection
with the proposed franchise sale.
[Michigan requires that we give you this disclosure document at least 10 business days before the execution of
any binding franchise or other agreement or the payment of any consideration, whichever occurs first.]
If McDonald’s USA, LLC does not deliver this disclosure document on time or if it contains a false or misleading
statement, or a material omission, a violation of federal law and state law may have occurred and should be
reported to the Federal Trade Commission, Washington, D.C. 20580 and the appropriate state agency listed on
Exhibit P.
The name, principal business address, and telephone number of the franchise sellers offering the franchise are
McDonald’s USA, LLC and Brad Bogan, 110 N. Carpenter Street, Chicago, Illinois 60607 (630) 623-3000.
The issuance date of this Franchise Disclosure Document is May 1, 2025, as amended February 1, 2026.
McDonald’s USA, LLC authorizes the state agents listed in Exhibit O to receive service of process for it in the
respective states.
I received a disclosure document dated May 1, 2025, as amended February 1, 2026, that included the following
Exhibits:
A. Financial Statements
B. Franchise Agreement (Traditional)
C. Franchise Agreement (Satellite)
D. Franchise Agreement (Walmart)
E. New Restaurant Rider
F. BFL Rider
G. Operator’s Lease
H. Assignment to an Entity
I. Assignment Agreement
J. Preliminary Agreement
K. McDonald’s New Term Policy

L. McDonald’s Growth Policy
M. New Term Offer Letter
N. Loan and Related Documents
O. List of Agents for Service of Process
P. State Administrators
Q. McDonald’s Affiliates
R. List of Franchised Restaurants
S. List of franchisees who had an outlet terminated,
canceled, not renewed, or otherwise voluntarily
or involuntarily ceased to do business
T. State Specific Addenda

Date Received

Prospective Franchisee

Prospective Franchisee

Prospective Franchisee

Effective Date: May 1, 2025. as amended February 1, 2026
Return electronically signed and dated Receipt via DocuSign; or fax signed and dated Receipt to (630) 5686271; or mail signed and dated Receipt to Franchise Practice Group Dept. 088, McDonald’s USA, LLC,
110 N. Carpenter Street, Chicago, IL 60607.

Receipt
This disclosure document summarizes certain provisions of the franchise agreement and other information in
plain language. Read this disclosure document and all agreements carefully.
If McDonald’s USA, LLC offers you a franchise, it must provide this disclosure document to you 14 calendardays before you sign a binding agreement with, or make a payment to, the franchisor or an affiliate in connection
with the proposed franchise sale.
[Michigan requires that we give you this disclosure document at least 10 business days before the execution of
any binding franchise or other agreement or the payment of any consideration, whichever occurs first.]
If McDonald’s USA, LLC does not deliver this disclosure document on time or if it contains a false or misleading
statement, or a material omission, a violation of federal law and state law may have occurred and should be
reported to the Federal Trade Commission, Washington, D.C. 20580 and the appropriate state agency listed on
Exhibit P.
The name, principal business address, and telephone number of the franchise sellers offering the franchise are
McDonald’s USA, LLC and Brad Bogan, 110 N. Carpenter Street, Chicago, Illinois 60607 (630) 623-3000.
The issuance date of this Franchise Disclosure Document is May 1, 2025, as amended February 1, 2026.
McDonald’s USA, LLC authorizes the state agents listed in Exhibit O to receive service of process for it in the
respective states.
I received a disclosure document dated May 1, 2025, as amended February 1, 2026, that included the following
Exhibits:
A. Financial Statements
B. Franchise Agreement (Traditional)
C. Franchise Agreement (Satellite)
D. Franchise Agreement (Walmart)
E. New Restaurant Rider
F. BFL Rider
G. Operator’s Lease
H. Assignment to an Entity
I. Assignment Agreement
J. Preliminary Agreement
K. McDonald’s New Term Policy

L. McDonald’s Growth Policy
M. New Term Offer Letter
N. Loan and Related Documents
O. List of Agents for Service of Process
P. State Administrators
Q. McDonald’s Affiliates
R. List of Franchised Restaurants
S. List of franchisees who had an outlet terminated,
canceled, not renewed, or otherwise voluntarily
or involuntarily ceased to do business
T. State Specific Addenda

Date Received

Prospective Franchisee

Prospective Franchisee

Prospective Franchise

Effective Date: May 1, 2025, as amended February 1, 2026
Return electronically signed and dated Receipt via DocuSign; or fax signed and dated Receipt to (630) 5686271; or mail signed and dated Receipt to Franchise Practice Group Dept. 088, McDonald’s USA, LLC,
110 N. Carpenter Street, Chicago, IL 60607.

