© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |28
8.12
Feedback 
You may provide suggestions, comments or other feedback (collectively, “Feedback”) to us 
with respect to the System.  Feedback is voluntary.  You agree that we may use Feedback for any 
purpose without liability or compensation to you or obligation of any kind, and hereby grant us an 
irrevocable, non-exclusive, perpetual, fully-paid-up, royalty-free, world-wide license to use the 
Feedback in connection with any business activities conducted by us or our Affiliates. 
ARTICLE 9 
TRAINING 
9.1
Initial Training Program 
9.1.1
Your Primary Owner and Principal Operator, and at least one other person of 
your choosing (if your Primary Owner and Principal Operator are the same person), are required to 
attend (and each such person must successfully complete) the initial training program, before you can 
commence operation of the Business (the “Initial Training Program”).  The Initial Training Program 
consists of an online, self-study training curriculum and in-person training, which is offered by us at 
one of our designated training facilities or at another location we designate.  Up to three individuals 
initially designated by you are eligible to participate in the Initial Training Program without charge of a 
tuition or fee.  You will be responsible for any and all travel expenses, living expenses, and wages and 
benefits incurred by the people who attend the Initial Training Program.  Training participants will not 
receive any compensation from us while attending our training.  In addition, to the extent we provide 
on-the-job training to you in the Territory as part of the Initial Training Program or otherwise, we 
reserve the right to charge you for the travel and living expenses our trainers incur while conducting 
the on-the-job training. 
9.1.2
You will be responsible for full compliance with the requirements taught at the 
initial and any other training program and as provided in the Manuals.  You will cause your employees 
to be trained in those requirements with respect to performing their respective duties. 
9.2
Seminar and Other Education Development Programs 
9.2.1
From time to time, we may present seminars, webinars, conventions, or 
continuing development programs, or we may conduct meetings for the benefit of all franchisees.  
Some of these programs may be optional and some may be mandatory.  We have the right to require 
your Primary Owner and/or Principal Operator to attend any ongoing, mandatory seminars, 
conventions, programs, or meetings as may be offered by us.  We will give you at least 60 days’ prior 
written notice of any ongoing seminar, webinar, convention, or program which is deemed mandatory.  
We shall not require that your Primary Owner and/or Principal Operator attend any national 
convention or ongoing training more often than once a year, but we may require participation in 
webinars or conference calls more frequently than yearly. 
9.2.2
We have the right to require your Primary Owner and/or Principal Operator, 
and other designated employees to attend a local or regional meeting up to four times per year.  All 
mandatory training will be offered without charge of a tuition or fee, provided, however, you will be 
