© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |14
amount required under this Section for any calendar year, we have the right to require you to pay us 
the difference between what you should have spent on approved local advertising and marketing during 
that year and what you actually spent on those items during that year.  We will deposit any such amounts 
in the National Advertising Fund, if we have established one, or use them to cover the cost of 
advertising, marketing or promotional activities reasonably related to the System, if we have not 
established a National Advertising Fund. 
5.2
National Advertising 
5.2.1
We have the right to establish and operate separate National Advertising Funds 
for the United States and Canada, or a National Advertising Fund that is for both the United States 
and Canada (“National Advertising Fund”).  Upon 30 days’ written notice to you, we may require 
you to participate in a separate National Advertising Fund for the United States or in a National 
Advertising Fund that is for both the United States and Canada, or to switch from one of these National 
Advertising Funds to the other.  You will not, however, be required to participate in more than one 
National Advertising Fund at the same time.  If we have not yet established a National Advertising 
Fund that includes the United States as of the date you open your Business, you will not be required to 
pay us a National Advertising Fee (as defined in Section 5.2.3 below) until a National Advertising Fund 
that includes the United States is established.  We will provide you with 30 days’ written notice of our 
intent to establish a National Advertising Fund that includes the United States.   
5.2.2
If established, the National Advertising Fund will be utilized to market and 
enhance the products and services provided by YESCO® businesses across large geographic areas or 
targeted to customers or potential customers with a national presence.  The National Advertising Fund 
will also be used for the creation of various advertising and promotional products.  The media in which 
such advertising may be disseminated includes printed materials, outdoor advertising, posters, window 
clings, creation of radio and print on a local or regional basis.  The advertising will be produced by us, 
our Affiliates, or an advertising agency. 
5.2.3
You must contribute up to 3% of Gross Revenue to the National Advertising 
Fund (“National Advertising Fee”).  Unless we otherwise direct, the National Advertising Fee will 
be due and payable in the same manner as the Royalty Fee.  All National Advertising Fees you pay to 
us will be placed in an interest-bearing checking account, savings account, or any other account of our 
determination that we own and manage.  YESCO® businesses owned by us or our Affiliates in the 
United States and Canada will contribute to any National Advertising Funds we establish at the same 
respective amount as similarly situated franchised YESCO® businesses in the United States and Canada 
based on Gross Revenue for all Authorized Products and Services.  If at any time we decrease the rate 
of the National Advertising Fees franchised YESCO® businesses in the United States and Canada pay 
us, we have the right to make a similar respective decrease to the rate YESCO® businesses owned by 
us or our Affiliates in the United States and Canada contribute to the applicable National Advertising 
Fund.  The term “National Advertising Fund” shall mean the National Advertising Fund that you are 
required to participate in, if any. 
5.2.4
We have the right to determine the expenditures of the amounts collected and 
the methods of marketing, advertising, media employed and contents, terms and conditions of 
marketing campaigns and promotional programs. We have the right to make disbursements from the 
National Advertising Fund for expenses incurred in connection with the cost of formulating, 
developing and implementing marketing, advertising and promotional campaigns and materials, and 
