© 2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved. 
Page | SRA-2
3.
ORIGINAL FRANCHISE AGREEMENT REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 
EXPIRATION 
If the Initial Term or a Successor Franchise term of the Original Franchise Agreement remains 
in effect as of the date of the New Franchise Agreement, the Effective Date of the New Franchise 
Agreement shall commence concurrently with the last day of the Initial Term or Successor Franchise 
term of the Original Franchise Agreement, as the case may be.  
4.
SPECIAL 
TERMS 
APPLICABLE 
TO 
THE 
NEW 
FRANCHISE 
AGREEMENT 
Upon the commencement of the New Franchise Agreement, the following terms and 
conditions supersede any conflicting terms set forth in the New Franchise Agreement:
4.1.
Successor Term 
The New Franchise Agreement is a Successor Franchise Agreement. The term of the 
New Franchise Agreement is limited to the [first]/[second] five-year Successor Franchise term 
of the Original Franchise Agreement. 
4.2.
Waiver of Initial Franchise Obligations 
So long as you are in compliance with your obligations under the Original Franchise 
Agreement, you have no obligation to fulfill the following initial commencement obligations: 
(i) payment of the Initial Franchise Fee, (ii) purchasing an Office Branding Package, (iii) 
purchasing a sign; and (iv) any obligations in connection with a Grand Opening, including 
incurring Grand Opening advertising expenditures. Your Office must be open on the 
Effective Date of the New Franchise Agreement and we waive our right to approve the 
commencement of your operations. You agree that we have no obligation to provide the 
services set forth in Section 7.2 of the New Franchise Agreement. 
4.3.
Successor Franchise Fee 
You agree to pay us a $15,000 Successor Franchise Fee no later than the Effective 
Date of the New Franchise Agreement. 
5.
DISPUTES 
Any Dispute arising from this Addendum must be resolved in according to the dispute 
resolution provisions set forth in ARTICLE 18 the applicable Current Franchise Agreement or 
Successor Franchise Agreement (including without limitation the provisions relating to mediation, 
litigation, venue and jurisdiction, and governing law and waiver). The prevailing party in any action 
arising under this Addendum is entitled to an award of its attorneys’ fees and costs. 
6.
GENERAL RELEASE 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, you and your successors and assigns release and forever 
discharge us, our successors, assigns, affiliates, directors, officers, owners, and employees, of and from 
any claims, debts, liabilities, demands, obligations, costs, expenses, actions and causes of action of 
