© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |37
10.13
Employee Management 
You agree that we have no duty to provide training, handbooks, advice, or other materials 
regarding human resources, employment and labor law, or other matters affecting the 
employer/employee relationship. You further agree that you are solely responsible to develop an 
employee handbook in compliance with federal, state, and local laws. 
10.14
Best Efforts 
You agree that during the term of this Agreement you will use your best efforts to promote 
the Business and to conduct the Business pursuant to the System. 
10.15
No Unbecoming Acts 
You agree not to engage in any act that violates community standards or otherwise brings or 
tends to bring any of the Marks into disrepute or impairs or tends to impair your or our reputation or 
the goodwill associated with any of the Marks or the Business. 
ARTICLE 11 
TRANSFERS 
11.1
Sale or Assignment by Us 
This Agreement and all rights and obligations hereunder are fully assignable and transferable 
by us and, if so assigned or transferred, shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of our successors 
and assigns.  We may be sold, or we may sell any or all of our intellectual property, including our 
Marks and the YESCO® Software, or other assets to any other entity, including to a competitor.  In 
addition, we may go public, may engage in a private or other placement of some or all of our securities, 
may merge, or may acquire other entities or assets which may be competitive with the System, or not; 
we may be acquired by a competitor or other entity and/or may undertake any refinancing, leveraged 
buy-out, or other transaction.  You waive all claims, demands, and damages with respect to any 
transaction allowed under this section or otherwise.  You will fully cooperate with any such proposal, 
merger, acquisition, conversion, sale, or financing. 
11.2
Transfer by You 
11.2.1
This Agreement is personal as to you and is being entered into in reliance upon, 
and in consideration of, the qualifications and representations of you and your Principal Owners, if you 
are an entity.  Therefore, this Agreement, any of its rights or privileges, any equitable, capital, voting, 
non-voting or other interest in you, if you are an entity, or the Business may be marketed for sale, 
assigned, sold, transferred, or divided in any manner by you or any of your Principal Owners and other 
owners only after you have obtained our express prior written approval in accordance with the terms 
and conditions of this Agreement.   
11.2.2 Except as expressly allowed under this Agreement, any Transfer or attempted 
Transfer will constitute a material breach of this Agreement.  In that event, we will have the right to 
terminate this Agreement upon written notice to you.  We will not be bound by any attempted Transfer 
