© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |8
ARTICLE 3 
OFFICE, SOFTWARE AND EQUIPMENT 
3.1
Business Office Location 
3.1.1
You will operate the Business from office space located in a 
commercial/industrial area within the Territory (“Office”).  The Office must comply with our office 
brand standards.  Before opening your Office, you must purchase our then-current office branding 
package (“Office Branding Package”) through our marketing portal.  You will pay the then-current 
fee for the Office Branding Package.  The Office may be of any size that you determine at any location 
within your Territory.  We or our designees have the right to inspect the Office to ensure that it meets 
these minimum standards.  If it does not, we reserve the right to require changes.  There are no other 
requirements for any such office space.  Notwithstanding the above, you may locate your Office in 
your home for start-up period only, which period may not exceed six months after you commence 
operations of your Business.   
3.1.2
You agree that you have the sole responsibility for selecting the location of your 
Office and that we make no promise, warranty or guaranty of any kind about the Office location, or 
the success or profitability of the Business. 
3.1.3
You will prevent the use of the Office for illegal purpose or for any other 
purpose, business activity, use or function that is not expressly authorized by this Agreement.  In 
addition, you agree to obtain, repair, maintain and replace all equipment, signs and other Office items 
at your sole cost. 
3.1.4
You must open the Office and begin operating your Business within 90 days of 
the Effective Date.  We may extend this period if you request an extension of time (not to exceed 30 
days) from us at least five days before the end of the 90-day period, but are not obligated to do so. 
3.1.5
If you fail to open or find an Office within the time provided in this subsection, 
we will have the right to terminate this Agreement. 
3.2
Relocation 
You may relocate the Business to another Office anywhere within the Territory.  You must 
notify us of the physical address of your location, including the physical address of any relocation site 
within the Territory at least ten business days prior to relocating.  Your new Office location must meet 
our then-current standards and specifications. 
3.3
Furniture, Fixtures, Signs, and Equipment 
You must purchase or otherwise obtain for use in the Business all equipment that complies 
with our standards and specifications.  You acknowledge and agree that the type, quality, configuration, 
capability, and/or performance of the same are all standards and specifications which are a part of the 
System, and therefore each must be purchased, leased, or otherwise be obtained in accordance with 
our standards and specifications and only from us, our Affiliates, or suppliers or other sources 
designated or approved by us, all as may be more fully set forth in the Manuals or otherwise in writing. 
