© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |5
Capitalized terms not defined in this section shall have the meaning assigned to such terms in 
the applicable section of this Agreement. 
ARTICLE 2 
GRANT OF FRANCHISE; TERRITORY RESERVATIONS OF RIGHTS; AND 
TERRITORY SALES QUOTA 
2.1
Grant of Franchise 
Subject to the provisions in this Agreement, we grant to you, and you accept, the non-exclusive 
right to use the Marks, YESCO® Software, and System in connection with the establishment and 
operation of a Business within the Territory.  You agree to use the Marks and the System as they may 
be changed, improved, and further developed by us and/or our Affiliates, only in accordance with the 
terms and conditions of this Agreement.   
2.2
Scope of Franchise Operations 
You will continuously use your best efforts to promote and operate the Business.  You will 
utilize the Marks, System, and Manuals to operate all aspects of the Business in accordance with the 
methods and systems we develop and prescribe from time to time.  As further described in Section 
10.2, you will offer and sell from or through the Business the Authorized Products and Services.  You 
are restricted from offering or selling any other products or services in connection with the Business, 
YESCO® Software, System or Marks unless previously approved by us in writing.   
2.3
Territory 
2.3.1
The Parties agree on the non-exclusive Territory identified in Exhibit B.  Once 
established, the boundaries of the Territory will not be adjusted without our prior written consent 
regardless of whether the number of businesses in the Territory increases or decreases, or other factors 
relating to the Territory change, over time.  Except as described in Section 2.3.2, your Business will not 
be insulated or protected from competition from any other YESCO® businesses using the System. 
2.3.2
Although the license granted by us to you is non-exclusive during the Initial 
Term and any Interim Period, so long as you are in compliance with all of your obligations under this 
Agreement and subject to our reservation of rights described in Sections 2.4 and 2.5, we will not 
establish any company-owned or Affiliate-owned YESCO® businesses, or grant an additional 
franchised YESCO® business in the Territory, under the Marks or any other trademark for a business 
offering the Authorized Products and Services. 
2.3.3
You may not advertise, conduct sign patrols, solicit business or otherwise 
operate the Business outside your Territory except under the following circumstances:   
(a)
You have our prior written consent, which we have the right to 
withhold for any or no reason; or 
(b)
You receive a Lead (defined in Section 5.5 below) from outside 
of your Territory that is not the result of advertising or solicitation of business by you, or you have an 
existing client that requires Authorized Products and Services, and the work:  (i) will be performed by 
