© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |30
10.1.4 We or our authorized representative have the right to inspect the Office, and 
vehicles used in your Business at all times without prior notice to you for the purpose of making 
periodic evaluations and inspections of any aspect of the Business.  During the course of such 
inspections, we may photograph or record electronically any part of the Business, regardless of whether 
or not you or your representatives are present.  We may require you to remove any item which does 
not conform to our specifications and/or standards.  If we determine that any condition of the Office, 
vehicles, or, your operation of the Business, presents a threat to customers, or public health or safety, 
we may take whatever measures we deem necessary, including without limitation requiring you to 
immediately cease offering services and products until the situation is remedied to our satisfaction.  In 
addition, we have the right to inspect and evaluate the services you provide to your customers.  Our 
inspections and evaluations may include contacting or soliciting information from your current or 
former customers, or, upon prior notice to you, accompanying you on customer visits.  Our inspections 
and evaluations also may involve the use of secret shoppers.  You agree to cooperate with us to allow 
us to conduct these inspections and evaluations.  You acknowledge and agree that our inspections and 
evaluations may be conducted by our authorized representatives.  Any audit or inspection we conduct 
is solely for determining your compliance with contractual obligations and does not constitute control 
over your day-to-day operation of the Business. 
10.1.5 You will allow us or our authorized representatives to access your Office, 
without prior notice, during regular business hours or at all times to inspect, audit, photocopy, and 
videotape your business operations and records, and to interview the Business’ employees and current 
and prospective customers.  Instead of or in addition to the foregoing, you will, upon our written 
request, make photocopies of all records we request and forward them to us or our authorized 
representatives at such address as we designate in writing at your cost. You agree that we shall have the 
right to examine your books and records, and to perform such audits, inspections, tests and other 
analyses as we deem appropriate to verify Gross Revenue.  You also grant us permission to examine 
without prior notice to you, all records of any supplier relating to your purchases, and you hereby 
authorize such suppliers to release your purchase records to us at such times and places as we request. 
You must allow us electronic and manual access to any and all records relating to the Business, including 
your accounting software and related records. 
10.1.6 You will pay us, if we or our authorized representatives determine that you 
under-reported or failed to report any portion of Gross Revenue, the Royalty Fees and National 
Advertising Fee that were not paid, plus interest and service charges as provided in Section 4.8.  We 
may estimate your Gross Revenue to determine whether you under-reported Gross Revenue.  Unless 
any under-reporting is due to an error or omission caused or created by us, if reported Gross Revenue 
for any calendar year is less than 98% of the actual Gross Revenue for that period, you will reimburse 
us for all costs of the investigation, including without limitation salaries, outside accountant fees, outside 
attorneys’ fees, travel, meals, and lodging.  Unless any under-reporting is due to an error or omission 
caused or created by us, if reported Gross Revenue for any calendar year is less than 95% of the actual 
Gross Revenue for that period, we have the right to immediately terminate this Agreement.  You agree 
to pay for all costs of any audit that did not occur due to your failure to produce your books and records 
at the time of audit if we notified you in writing of the audit at least five days before the scheduled date.  
We reserve the right to collect any delinquent amounts that you owe to us under this Section by 
electronic funds transfer, in accordance with Sections 4.4 and 4.5. 
