YESCO 2025 FDD
G-2 
SUMMARY OF INDUSTRY-SPECIFIC LAWS AND 
REGULATIONS PERTAINING TO THE BUSINESS 
The operation of a YESCO Business is subject to all of the laws, codes and regulations (referred to 
below generally as “laws”) normally applicable to consulting businesses.  These include:  (1) federal, (2) state, 
and (3) in most instances, city, county, parish, borough, municipality or other local laws. 
All franchisees are required to be generally familiar with the laws.  As all of these laws change 
frequently, no attempt can be made to compile a current and comprehensive list.  It is your responsibility to 
know the current laws and pending legislation that might affect the franchised business. 
1. 
Federal.  Examples of federal laws affecting many small businesses include wage and hour, 
occupational health and safety, health care, equal employment opportunity, taxes, hazardous materials, 
communication to employees, privacy of consumer, employee and transactional information, payment 
card industry data security standards, product-related advertising and labeling requirements, products 
liability, hazardous waste and environmental, Fair and Accurate Credit Transaction Act (FACTA), the 
Americans With Disabilities Act (ADA), Occupational Safety and Health Act (OSHA), the Family 
Medical Leave Act, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, and the USA Patriot Act and 
Executive Order 13224 regarding certain issues related to fighting terrorism in the United States.
2. 
State.  State laws may cover the same topics as federal laws.  Examples of other state laws 
affecting many small businesses include products liability, environmental, occupational health and 
safety, fire, taxes, antidiscrimination, occupational and professional licensing, and health laws.
3. 
Local.  Local laws may cover the same topics as federal and state laws.  Examples of other 
local laws affecting many small businesses include health and sanitation and business licensing.
It is important to do a thorough check to determine if a contractor’s license is required to perform sign 
and lighting repair or other work.  If it is, it may be necessary to obtain a contractor’s license or licenses 
before you advertise, give prices to do work, or perform work.
Some states do not require contractor’s licenses.  Some states may not require a state license, but 
individual jurisdictions such as a city or county may require contractor’s licenses.  In these cases the 
company doing the work obtains the license.  Some states require the individual performing the work 
obtain a license.  
Contractor’s License regulations often require that a person be designated as a “qualifier.”  This is the 
person who has knowledge and may require some amount of experience.  This person may be required 
to pass exams to become a qualifier.   Frequently there is a business/law exam and a trade exam.   Many 
jurisdictions allow one person to be the business/law qualifier and another person to be the trade 
qualifier.
Below is an example from the State of Florida.  In Florida, a Sign Specialty Electrical Contractor 
License is required to perform sign repairs. A Lighting Maintenance Specialty Electrical Contractor 
may perform repairs on signs and lighting.  Both of these are specialty contractors within the electrical 
contracting regulations.   
Florida Administrative Code (FAC)
61G6-7.001 Specialty Electrical Contractors
The following types of specialty electrical contractors may apply to be certified under 
the provisions of Part II, Chapter 489, F.S., and Chapter 61G6-5, F.A.C., above. In 
order to be admitted to a specialty contractor examination, the person must show 6 
