YESCO 2025 FDD 
18 
term of the Note will vary between 12 and 60 months.  In addition, you will be assessed an origination fee not 
to exceed $350.   
For the Successor Franchise Fee due under the Standard Renewal Program, you will be charged interest 
at a rate of 3% per annum on the unpaid balance of the principal beginning as of the date you sign the Note.  
You will pay principal and interest due to us under the Note in consecutive monthly installments.  The term of 
the Note will be 36 months.  In addition, you will be assessed an origination fee not to exceed $350.   
For all of the Successor Franchise Fees due under the Early Renewal Program, you will not be charged 
interest.  You will pay principal due to us under the Note in consecutive monthly installments.  The term of 
the Note will be a minimum of 36 months.  The Note will be required to be signed concurrently with the Early 
Renewal Program Addendum, however, payment of the Successor Franchise Fee for each Successor Franchise 
will begin on the date of the commencement of the applicable Extended Successor Term.  In addition, you will 
be assessed an origination fee not to exceed $350.   
For the purchase of trucks or working capital relating to your Business, you will be charged 
interest at an annual rate that will vary between 4-12 percentage points above the current prime rate of YFS’s 
primary lender (currently, KeyBank) beginning as of the date you sign the Note; the actual interest rate depends 
on the purpose of the financing, the amount of the financing, the credit worthiness of the borrower and 
available collateral.  You will pay principal and interest due to us under the Note in consecutive monthly 
installments.  The term of the Note will vary, again depending on what is being financed and the amount of the 
financing.  In addition, you will be assessed an origination fee not to exceed $350. 
For each Note, you will pay your monthly installment via ACH (Electronic Funds Transfer) from your 
primary operating account.  Additionally, all Note payments will be first applied to the accrued interest due 
under the Note (if applicable) and then applied to the principal of the Note. 
The entire unpaid principal balance and all accrued but unpaid interest (if applicable) under the Note 
will be immediately due and payable as a balloon payment upon the earlier of:  (1) the maturity date of the Note; 
(2) the termination of the Franchise Agreement or any Successor Franchise Agreement entered into under the 
Standard Renewal Program or the Early Renewal Program; or (3) if a transfer occurs (as defined in the Franchise 
Agreement or any Successor Franchise Agreement).  You can prepay the Note at any time without penalty.
To secure the performance of your obligations under the Note, you will grant YFS or us a security 
interest in all of your business assets, including all insurance policies covering those assets.  All individuals who 
guarantee your obligations under the Franchise Agreement or any Successor Franchise Agreements also must 
guarantee the Note.  You are responsible for all costs of collecting and enforcing payment or performance of 
this Note, including YFS’s or our costs and attorneys’ fees.   
Any default under the Franchise Agreement or any Successor Franchise Agreement is a default under 
the Note, and any default under the Note is a default under the Franchise Agreement or any Successor Franchise 
Agreement.  In addition, if you default on any obligation to pay borrowed money that results in the acceleration 
of the maturity of such borrowed money, such default is also a default under the Note.  If you default under 
the Note or the Franchise Agreement or any Successor Franchise Agreement and the default is not cured, the 
entire principal balance and accrued but unpaid interest under the Note will be immediately due and payable at 
our option.  If your obligation to pay the principal is accelerated due to a default under the Note or the Franchise 
Agreement or any Successor Franchise Agreement, interest will accrue on all unpaid amounts from the date of 
acceleration until the entire principal balance and accrued but unpaid interest is paid at the lesser of 18% per 
year or the maximum rate permitted by law.   
You must notify us if you default under the Note or any event occurs that could result in a default 
under the Note.  You waive certain defenses and other legal rights under the Note, including presentment, 
