YESCO 2025 FDD 
22 
Subject 
Hours of 
Classroom/Online 
Training 
Hours of On-
The-Job 
Training 
Location* 
Technician Training:  Learn the basics of sign and 
lighting diagnostics.  Basics of Electronic Message Center 
diagnostic. Safety procedures. Inventory stocking 
procedures. Warranty requirements. Truck & fleet 
maintenance.  
4-10 
1-4 
Salt Lake City, 
Utah or Las Vegas, 
Nevada, U.S.A. 
General Management Program and On-site 
Certification 
5-20 
8-24 
Your Territory or a 
location we 
designate 
Total Hours 
76-144 
17-48 
*Training will typically be offered in Salt Lake City, Utah or Las Vegas, Nevada, but may be held 
elsewhere in the future at our discretion. 
The instructional material includes our online Manuals, and may include webinars, and online 
information tutorials. 
Ms. Madeline Christopher is our principal franchisee training instructor.  Ms. Christopher has been our 
Training Development Director since July 2022.  She has a Master of Science degree in Educational Psychology 
and has been in the training and curriculum development field for more than 5 years.  
From time-to-time persons who are active in the operations and administrative side of our Affiliates, as 
well as support staff, may assist in the training.  In addition, we also expect to draw upon the experience of 
management and personnel from Trades.  We estimate that these individuals will have at least one year of 
experience in the subject that they teach and will have been employed by us or our Affiliates for at least one year. 
We will require your Primary Owner or your Principal Operator to attend refresher or additional 
training programs, webinars, and seminars from time to time during the term of the Franchise Agreement.  For 
all the programs, webinars and seminars, we will provide the instructors and training materials.  At this time, 
we provide unlimited telephone and email support after our initial training course for all franchisees.  Except 
as described above, all mandatory training will be offered without a tuition charge or fee.  You will be 
responsible for all expenses, including travel, lodging, wages and meals that your attendees incur as well as the 
cost of the training materials we give them during any additional or refresher training.  There is no schedule for 
additional or refresher training; we will provide these programs as we deem appropriate. 
We may also hold an annual conference which, if held, will require attendance by all franchisees.  The 
annual conference will be approximately 1 – 2 days in duration and will be held in either Salt Lake City, Utah 
or Las Vegas, Nevada, at a location in connection with sign industry trade shows, or another city we designate.  
The content will include updated policies and procedures, new training items, and recognition of new and 
outstanding franchisees.  You will be responsible for the payment of all expenses for travel, accommodations, 
food, and other expenses incurred.   
You agree that you will be responsible for providing your employees with the technical and other 
training that is necessary or desirable for your employees to successfully perform their responsibilities and to 
prevent injury, loss, or damage to persons or property.  You also agree that you will be responsible for 
establishing a safety program and designating a safety representative; both must implement and establish safety 
measures, policies, standards, and a related training program that conform to all applicable rules, regulations, 
and other lawful requirements established to prevent injury, loss, or damage to persons or property.  Although 
