© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved. 
Page | G-2
3.
GENERAL WORK STANDARDS AND PROCEDURES 
You will be required to perform the Work according to our standards and procedures, which 
we will designate to you in writing from time to time, which may be included in the Manuals. At a 
minimum, these standards and procedures include: 
3.1.
Dispatch 
The Work will be dispatched to you by us sending you a Work Order. You must 
promptly respond, acknowledge, and perform the Work in accordance with the deadlines set 
forth in the applicable Work Order. You must also promptly respond with an estimated time 
to complete the Work and an estimate of when you expect to commence the Work when you 
receive the Work Order. You must also notify us when the Work is complete. If a situation 
arises where you cannot respond within the agreed upon time, you must contact us 
immediately, and we reserve the right to delegate the Work to a third party. You will be liable 
for all costs and damages incurred by us or our customers resulting from your untimely 
performance.  
3.2.
Personnel 
Only one person should be dispatched per Work Order, unless otherwise specified in 
the Work Order. You must call us and receive written approval prior to dispatching additional 
personnel. 
3.3.
Vehicle Inventory 
You are required to review all Work Orders prior to dispatch to ensure that the parts 
required for each service call are available on the service vehicle. A second trip travel charge 
will not be reimbursed for parts and supplies that listed as required items in the Manuals or 
are otherwise considered to be typical materials and supplies for the service provided. In the 
event a second trip becomes necessary, you must obtain written approval from us prior to 
dispatch. 
3.4.
Materials and Equipment 
We may, but do not have to, provide you goods and equipment in connection with 
the Work. Any goods or equipment provided to you will remain our sole property. Upon 
receipt of goods or equipment, you will assume full responsibility of handling and safekeeping 
the same until the Work is completed and accepted. You must inspect the goods or equipment 
for damage and appropriate quantities and must provide us with a signed freight bill denoting 
such damage, defect, or shortage within twenty-four (24) hours of receipt. Shipping damages, 
while in transit, are the responsibility of the common carrier. Visible damage or incorrect 
quantities should be noted by you on the delivery receipt before accepting delivery. Concealed 
damage must be reported to the carrier within fifteen (15) days after receipt of shipment and 
a concealed damage report secured. If damage has occurred it is your responsibility to provide 
us with photos that clearly evidence the damage. Do not destroy or remove cartons and/or 
crates until the inspection has been completed. Your claim can be filed with the carrier and 
costs recovered from them. All damage must be repaired or corrected before the goods or 
