© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved. 
Page | G-6
property loss exceeding $500.00, which results from or relates to your performance of the Work. You 
agree to perform the Work in compliance with YESCO's Workplace Safety Injury & Illness Protection 
Program which may be found at https://www.yesco.com/terms/safety.pdf. 
13.
WARRANTY 
You warrant that all Work will be performed in professional, skillful, and workmanlike manner 
and goods and services provided will be free from defects in workmanship. You must repair and/or 
replace, at your expense, any defects in materials or workmanship which appear within a period of 
one (1) year from the date the Work is completed and must remedy any damage resulting therefrom 
at your sole expense. 
14.
ASSIGNMENT 
You may not delegate your duties under this Agreement or assign this Agreement without 
YESCO’s prior written consent. No assignment of rights or delegation of duties will relieve you from 
your obligations in this Agreement. Any assignment or delegation of rights not previously approved 
may be declared void in our discretion.  The Parties acknowledge and agree that, in the event of a 
change in the controlling interest of YESCO, the entity whose controlling interest has changed or its 
successor in interest, as the case may be, shall have the right to cancel its respective obligations under 
this Agreement upon written notice to the other Parties. 
15.
DEFAULT 
If you fail to meet any of your obligations under this Agreement, it shall constitute an event 
of default. In the event of default, we have the right to delegate the Work to a third party in our 
discretion, and we have the option of no longer referring Work to you. If we chose to refer Work to 
you after an event of default, it will not preclude us from withholding any subsequent Work. No failure 
or delay by us in exercising any right, power, or privilege under this Agreement will operate as a waiver 
thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power, or privilege preclude any other 
or further exercise thereof. 
16.
DISPUTES 
Any Dispute arising from this Agreement must be resolved in according to the dispute 
resolution provisions set forth in ARTICLE 18 the Franchise Agreement (including without limitation 
the provisions relating to mediation, litigation, venue and jurisdiction, and governing law and waiver), 
as if we were the Franchisor party in the Franchise Agreement.  The prevailing party in any action 
arising under this Agreement is entitled to an award of its attorneys’ fees and costs. 
17.
TERM AND TERMINATION 
The term of this Agreement will run concurrently with the term of the Franchise Agreement. 
This Agreement must terminate at the expiration or earlier termination of the Franchise Agreement. 
In the event that the Franchise Agreement is renewed, we may, in our discretion, require you to sign 
a new Affiliate Services Agreement with materially different terms. 
