© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |3
1.1.3
“Business” means the YESCO® business you develop and operate under this 
Agreement. 
1.1.4
“Competitive Business” means any business which offers products or 
services that are the same as, or competitively similar to, a YESCO® business or the System. 
1.1.5
“Confidential Information” means the methods, techniques, formats, 
technology, formulas, marketing and promotional techniques and procedures, specifications, 
information, materials, systems, processes, suggested and required pricing, know-how, and knowledge 
of and experience in operating and franchising a YESCO® business that we communicate to you in 
writing, verbally or through the Internet or other online or computer communications, or that you 
otherwise acquire in operating the Business under the System, including without limitation the Manuals, 
the YESCO® Software and related access identification and passwords, Customer Lists and Trades 
Lists (as defined in Section 8.6), and the terms of any agreements between you and us or between us 
and any other YESCO® business that you become aware of.  “Confidential Information” does not 
include information, processes or techniques that are generally known to the public, other than through 
disclosure (whether deliberate or inadvertent) by you or your owners, employees or agents. 
1.1.6
“Manuals” means our online YESCO® University and other written materials 
we designate as part of the Manuals, including without limitation information posted on our website(s) 
or enterprise software systems and information sent to or accessed by you in print or electronic form, 
manuals, written procedures, memoranda and their supplements we loan to you. 
1.1.7
“Marks” means our or our Affiliates’ trade names, trademarks, service marks, 
logos, decor, trade dress, lay out, and commercial symbols, and similar and related words or symbols, 
that we own or license and that we have designated or may in the future designate, for use in the System 
or the Business with the understanding that we may at any time modify, discontinue, add to or substitute 
the Marks used in the System. 
1.1.8
“Primary Owner” means the individual who (i) has an ownership interest in 
you, (ii) serves as the Principal Operator for the Business or has the responsibility of hiring a qualified 
Principal Operator for the Business, (iii) oversees the general management and operations of the 
Business, and (iv) has authority to sign on your behalf all contracts and commercial documents.  The 
Primary Owner must attend and successfully complete, to our satisfaction, all training we require.  If 
you are an individual operating as a sole proprietor, you must act as the Primary Owner.  If you are a 
corporation, partnership, limited liability company or partnership, or some other entity, you must 
designate as the Primary Owner an individual that owns at least 51% (or some lower percentage we 
approve) of the corporation, partnership, limited liability company or partnership, or other entity.  Your 
Primary Owner is identified on Exhibit A - Ownership and Management, which is by this reference 
integrated as a part of this Agreement.   
1.1.9
“Principal Operator” means the person who (i) has the authority to, and does 
in fact, act as the general manager of the Business, (ii) actively oversees the management and day-to-
day operation of the Business and directs the delivery of sign and lighting repair and maintenance and 
services, and (iii) has authority to sign on your behalf all contracts and commercial documents.  The 
Principal Operator must attend and successfully complete, to our satisfaction, all training we require.  
Your Principal Operator is identified on Exhibit A - Ownership and Management. 
