© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |58
19.3.3 Provide us actual notification in case of material alteration, termination, non-
renewal, cancelation, and/or your failure to make timely premium payments; 
19.3.4 Waive subrogation rights against us, our Affiliates, and their officers, directors, 
employees, and agents; 
19.3.5 Be written on an occurrence basis; and 
19.3.6 Name us, our Affiliates, and us and our Affiliates’ respective directors, officers, 
employees, and agents as non-contributory additional insureds on such policies (with the exception of 
workers’ compensation insurance and EPLI) by a policy provision or an endorsement form we 
periodically prescribe, which as of the Effective Date, must be an endorsement form at least as broad 
as Insurance Service Office (ISO) forms CG 2010 and CG 2037 for general liability insurance. 
19.4
Policies, Endorsements, and Insurance Certificates 
Prior to commencing operations of the Business and thereafter at least 30 days prior to the 
expiration of any such policy or policies or upon our request, you shall deliver to us a copy of the 
actual policy or policies of insurance issued by the insurer, along with all certificates of insurance, 
endorsements and other proof of insurance we periodically prescribe evidencing the proper coverage 
with limits not less than those required in this Agreement. You agree that our acceptance of an 
insurance certificate that does not comply with our insurance coverage requirements does not 
constitute a waiver of our right to require your full compliance with this ARTICLE 19. 
19.5
No Limitations on Coverage 
Your obligation to obtain and maintain, or cause to be obtained and maintained, the above 
policy or policies in the amounts specified shall not be limited in any way by reason of any insurance 
that may be maintained by us, nor shall your performance of these obligations relieve you of liability 
under the indemnity provisions set forth herein. Your obligation to obtain and maintain insurance in 
accordance with this ARTICLE 19 shall not be limited in any way by reason of applicable workers’ 
compensation statutes, nor any insurance that we may maintain. Your procurement of insurance will 
not relieve you of liability under the indemnification obligations described in ARTICLE 16. Your 
insurance procurement obligations under this ARTICLE 19 are separate and independent of your 
indemnification obligations.  We do not represent or warrant that any insurance that you are required 
to purchase will provide adequate coverage for you.  The requirements of insurance specified in this 
Agreement are for our protection.  You should consult with your own insurance agents, brokers, 
attorneys and other insurance advisors to determine the level of insurance protection you need and 
desire, in addition to the coverage and limits we require. 
19.6
Subcontractor Coverage 
You agree that you will require all of your subcontractors and independent agents to 
maintain the same levels of insurance as is required by this Agreement.
