YESCO 2025 FDD 
14 
products, services, inventory, materials and other items and supplies used in the operation of the Business that 
are not included in an Approved Supplies List or an Approved Supplier List must conform to any specifications 
and standards we periodically establish.    
If we have not designated the brand and/or manufacturer, or the source or sources, of any of the 
Approved Supplies, you may request that we approve an alternative to that item, or an alternative supplier for 
that item.  In that case, you must first notify us in writing and provide us (upon our request) sufficient 
specifications, photographs, drawings and other information or samples for us to determine whether the 
alternative item complies with our specifications and standards, or the alternative supplier meets our approved 
supplier criteria.  We will notify you in writing as to whether or not the proposed alternative item or supplier is 
approved within 30 days.  We may develop procedures for the submission of requests for approved alternative 
items or suppliers, and obligations that approved suppliers must assume (which may be incorporated in a 
written agreement to be signed by approved suppliers).  We will have the right to charge you and/or each 
proposed supplier a fee in reviewing a proposed alternative item or supplier.  We may impose limits on the 
number of alternative items and/or suppliers to be used by you for the Business and/or in conjunction with 
the System.  We have the right to revoke our approval of alternative items or suppliers.   
We apply certain general criteria in approving (or revoking) a proposed supplier, including the supplier’s 
quality and pricing of products/services, reputation, ability to provide products/services that meet our 
specifications, responsiveness, ability to provide products/services within the parameters required by the 
YESCO system, quickness to market with new items, financial stability and insurance coverage, credit program 
for franchisees, freight costs and the ability to provide support to the YESCO system.  To the extent we make 
these general criteria available to franchisees, we will do so through the Manuals or other written communication. 
Insurance 
You must purchase and maintain in full force and effect, at your expense, polices of insurance with the 
minimum coverage we periodically prescribe. As of the date of this Disclosure Document, this coverage 
consists of the following policies of insurance:  
1.
Comprehensive general liability insurance covering liability claims for bodily injury and property 
damage, personal and advertising injury and medical expense claimed by any person or 
organization arising from premises, on-going operations, independent contractors, and products-
completed operations, and contractual liability coverage assumed under an insured contract 
(including the tort liability of another assumed in a business contract).   The limits of liability will 
not be less than $1,000,000 each occurrence, $2,000,000 General Aggregate applicable separately 
to each project, $2,000,000 Products/Completed Operations Aggregate, and $10,000 Medical 
Expense.  You also must agree to continue to procure and maintain product-completed operations 
coverage for a period of at least 7 years after expiration of the Franchise Agreement;,  
2.
Employers’ liability insurance in an amount not less than $1,000,000 each accident, $1,000,000 
each disease, and $1,000,000 per occurrence; 
3.
Automobile liability insurance in reference to the vehicle or vehicles that are used in the operation 
of the Business: automobile liability coverage for owned, non-owned, scheduled and hired vehicles 
with a combined single limit of $1,000,000;  
4.
Follow-form excess liability coverage for general, employers’ and automobile liability in an amount 
of not less than $4,000,000;  
5.
Worker’s compensation insurance as required by state law in the state(s) where the Business is 
operated; and 
