© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |21
ARTICLE 7 
MANUALS AND SERVICES PROVIDED TO YOU BY US 
7.1
Manuals 
7.1.1
We will provide you with access to the Manuals.  The Manuals contain 
mandatory and suggested standards, procedures, techniques, management systems and other items 
relating to the operation of a YESCO® business.  You will comply with the mandatory provisions of 
the Manuals as an essential aspect of your obligations under this Agreement, and your failure to 
substantially comply with the mandatory provisions of the Manuals will be considered by us to be a 
breach of this Agreement.  Our mandatory specifications, standards and operating procedures exist to 
protect our interests in the Marks and the System and to create a uniform customer experience, and 
not for the purpose of establishing any control or duty to take control over those matters that are 
reserved to you.  We have the right to periodically update the Manuals, and you must comply with any 
changes in every update within the time period provided in such updates.  You must at all times ensure 
that your copy of the Manuals is kept current and up to date, and in the event of any dispute as to the 
contents of your copy of the Manuals, the terms of the master copy of the Manuals that we maintain 
is controlling.  You acknowledge and agree that the Manuals and other system communications will be 
in the English language and may only be available on the Internet or other online or computer 
communications.  You further acknowledge and agree that we have the right to vary the Manuals and 
other system communications between YESCO® businesses located in the United States and 
YESCO® businesses located in Canada and other countries to take into account country-specific 
conditions, like the economy, culture, product and service availability, customs and sourcing, and you 
agree to comply with the version of Manuals and other system communications we adopt for YESCO® 
businesses located in the United States.   
7.1.2
You will only use the Marks, the YESCO® Software, and System as specified 
in the Manuals.  The Manuals are Confidential Information and are our sole property and shall be used 
by you only during the term of this Agreement and in strict accordance with the terms and conditions 
of this Agreement. 
7.2
Services Provided by Us Prior to Commencement of Operations 
Prior to the commencement of the Business, we will provide the following services:   
7.2.1
Provide you with the Initial Training Program, as set forth in Section 9.1.  The 
Initial Training Program is open only to three people that you designate, including your Primary Owner 
and Principal Operator.  You and other persons participating in the training must sign the 
Confidentiality and Non-Competition Agreement that is attached to this Agreement as Exhibit D and 
the Training Waiver of Liability and Hold Harmless Agreement that is attached as Exhibit H. 
7.2.2
Provide you with access to all of the Manuals that you will need to operate the 
Business, which may include an Approved Supplies List and/or an Approved Supplier List, which, if 
included, we will periodically update for all services and products, goods and equipment. 
7.2.3
Add your information to our designated website(s) and establish yesco.com 
email addresses for each of your employees that need one. 
