YESCO 2025 FDD 
2 
As of December 31, 2024, there were 50 franchised YESCO businesses open and operating in the 
United States under franchise agreements with us, and 7 franchised YESCO businesses open and operating in 
Canada under franchise agreements with YESCO Canada.  We have never engaged in any business other than 
as the franchisor of the System.  We have never offered franchises in any other line of business.   
Franchised Business 
We grant you the right to operate a single franchised YESCO business (“Business”) which will operate 
in a specific geographic territory (“Territory”) under the terms of the YESCO franchise agreement (the 
“Franchise Agreement”) attached as Exhibit B to this Disclosure Document.  You must operate your 
Business using our System and Marks.  The Business will offer sign and lighting service and maintenance 
services to other businesses.   
As a means of providing sign and lighting services to your customers, you may create relationships, via 
employment or subcontractor agreements, with various trades (“Trades”) that have the necessary skills and 
knowledge to provide the services and work required by your customers.  The Trades are an important part of 
delivering sign and lighting services.  The Trades shall include, but not be limited to: carpenters, electricians, 
mechanics, information technology professionals, permitting specialists, bookkeepers, accountants, painters, 
service sales specialists, and cleaning service providers.  It is not a requirement that you have the skills of any 
of the Trades in order to operate this Business though it may prove helpful if you have some knowledge of 
these industries. 
As described above and in ITEM 12, you will have the opportunity to execute an agreement with 
YESCO LLC.  The terms of the agreement are set forth in Exhibit G of the Franchise Agreement. 
Renewal Programs 
Standard Renewal Program.  As further described in ITEM 17 and Section 6.2 of the Franchise 
Agreement, if you meet the all of the applicable renewal qualifications and conditions, you will have the option 
to renew your franchise rights for 2 additional 5-year terms (each a “Successor Franchise”), under the terms 
and conditions of our then-current YESCO franchise agreement as modified by our then-current standard 
renewal addendum.  Our current form standard renewal addendum (the “Standard Renewal Addendum”) is 
attached as Exhibit J to this Disclosure Document.  We refer to this as our “Standard Renewal Program”).  
Under the Standard Renewal Program, if eligible, you will:  (i) pay us a $15,000 “Successor Franchise Fee,” 
for each Successor Franchise as further described in ITEM 6; (ii) pay us the royalties, marketing fees and other 
fees set forth in the Successor Franchise Agreement (as defined below), as described in ITEM 6; and (iii) be 
eligible for a loan from us or our affiliate, YFS, to finance the Successor Franchise Fee at an interest rate of 3% 
per annum, as further described in ITEM 10, provided we or YFS are still offering such financing at the time 
of renewal.   
Early Renewal Program.  As of the issuance date of this Disclosure Document, we also offer an early 
renewal program (the “Early Renewal Program”) to our existing franchisees that are in compliance with their 
existing franchise agreements and meet certain qualifications and conditions.  Under the Early Renewal 
Program, you will have the option to renew your franchise rights under all of your existing franchise agreements 
in advance of their applicable expiration dates, prior to the expiration of your first agreement, under the terms 
and conditions of our then-current YESCO franchise agreement as modified by our then-current early renewal 
program addendum.  Our current form early renewal program addendum (the “Early Renewal Program 
Addendum”) is attached as Exhibit K to this Disclosure Document.  If you qualify and elect to participate in 
the Early Renewal Program, prior to the expiration of your first franchise agreement, you will sign a separate 
copy of our then-current YESCO franchise agreement as modified by our then-current early renewal program 
addendum for the renewal of each of your existing franchise agreements.  The term “Successor Franchise 
