© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |17
may, upon notice to you, immediately disqualify you from participation in the National Accounts 
Program or terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 12.1.   
There is no guaranty that you will satisfy or continue to satisfy our or YESCO’s qualifications 
for participation in the National Accounts Program.  In addition, even if you qualify for and participate 
in the National Accounts Program, neither YESCO, we nor our other Affiliates guaranty the number 
of National Accounts Program Customers you may have the opportunity to work with or the level or 
percentage of Gross Revenue you may receive from National Accounts Program Customers.  Further, 
one franchisee may have more National Accounts Program Customers and receive a higher level and 
percentage of Gross Revenue from National Accounts Program Customers than another franchisee. 
If you receive a Lead (as defined in Section 5.5) for a National Accounts Program Customer 
facility located within the Territory from us or YESCO and (i) you are unable to service that Lead 
because you are not a qualified participant in the National Accounts Program (or we or YESCO have 
disqualified you from participating in it), (ii) you reject or fail to pursue that Lead, or fail to properly 
provide requested services to that Lead (even though you are a qualified participant in the National 
Accounts Program), or (iii) a customer specifically requests that YESCO or another YESCO® 
franchisee, an Affiliate, or subcontractor service that Lead, YESCO has the right to service, or license 
or allow others (including without limitation other YESCO® franchisees and subcontractors located 
within or outside of the Territory) to service that Lead.   
5.5
Referral of Leads and Fees 
Our marketing efforts, or the marketing efforts of our Affiliates or other franchisees may result 
in sales leads that have the possibility of generating opportunities to provide the Authorized Products 
and Services to customers within your Territory.  Likewise, your marketing efforts may result in the 
generation of sales leads that have the possibility of generating opportunities to provide the 
Authorized Products and Services in a territory assigned to us, an Affiliate or another franchisee.  Such 
sales leads are individually referred to as a “Lead.” 
There is no guaranty that you will receive any Leads, or if you receive a Lead that it will result 
in the generation of Gross Revenue.  Further, neither YESCO, we nor our other Affiliates guaranty 
the number or frequency of any such Leads, and one franchisee may receive more Leads than another 
franchisee. 
You are required to refer to YESCO all Leads from current or potential National Accounts 
Program Customers (a “National Lead”).  If you refer a National Lead located within the United 
States that is not from a current National Accounts Program Customer to YESCO, as we or YESCO 
direct, you will receive the then-current lead referral fee (“National Lead Fee”), which we and 
YESCO have the right to periodically modify, for that referral.  As of the Effective Date of this 
Franchise Agreement, the National Lead Fee for National Lead referrals described in the previous 
sentence was equal to 1% of the aggregate amount of the total sales and receipts collected, whether 
for cash, check, on credit, bartered or otherwise, and which arise from the sale of Authorized Products 
and Services in connection with the particular National Lead you referred to YESCO, as YESCO or 
we directed, excluding any federal, state or municipal or other sales tax or any similar tax collected 
from the sales lead and paid to the appropriate tax authorities, for a period of one year from the date 
of the National Lead referral.   
