© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |12
supporting or supplementary materials as we require to verify the accuracy of amounts we collect from 
your account.  If you do not provide us with required Gross Revenue reports as required under Section 
10.1, we have the right to estimate the Business’ Gross Revenue for the missing period and collect from 
your account an amount equal to the Royalty Fees that would be due based on such estimation.  In 
making our estimate, we may consider prior Gross Revenue reports that we received from you, any 
system-wide averages and other pertinent information available to us.  Further, if you are delinquent in 
the payment of any amounts owed to us, we have the right, without prejudice to any other rights or 
remedies we may have under this Agreement or any other agreements between us, to require you to 
prepay estimated Royalty Fees.  We have the right to change the method of payment of Royalty Fees 
and any other fees due to us and our Affiliates under this Agreement at any time upon 30 days’ written 
notice to you. 
4.6
Application of Payments 
We have the right to apply or cause to be applied against amounts due to us or any of our 
Affiliates any payments received from you or any indebtedness that we or our Affiliates owe to you.  
Notwithstanding any designation by you as to the application of your payment, we have the right to 
allocate any payments you make to us or our Affiliates first to any late fees and interest you owe to us 
and our Affiliates, then to any Royalty Fees or other fees or expenses which are past due, and then to 
the current Royalty Fees and other fees you owe.  The allocation we make pursuant to this Section 
will not serve to postpone any payments that are due on any current or future due date. 
We will also have the right to allocate in the same manner as stated above in this Section any 
payments or any credits from third-party vendors which are delivered to us or our Affiliates on your 
behalf.  To the extent necessary to carry out the intent of this Section, you hereby appoint us and our 
Affiliates as your attorney-in-fact and grant us and our Affiliates a power of attorney for the sole 
purpose of allocating any such funds received.  This power of attorney shall continue throughout the 
term of this Agreement, any extension thereof, and, if applicable, after the termination of this 
Agreement, but in the latter case, only to the extent that you still owe money to us or our Affiliates 
from your operation of the Business. 
4.7
Withholding Payments Unlawful 
You agree that you will not withhold payment of any Royalty Fees, National Advertising Fees 
or any other amount due to us or our Affiliates under this Agreement, and that the alleged non-
performance or breach of any of our obligations under this Agreement or any other agreement does 
not establish a right at law or in equity to withhold payment to us of Royalty Fees or National 
Advertising Fees, or payment of any other amounts due to us or our Affiliates under this Agreement.  
In addition to our other rights and remedies available under this Agreement, we have the right to 
suspend any of our obligations under this Agreement in the event you fail to make a payment to us 
when due. 
4.8
Interest Charges; Late Payment Service Charges 
Any and all amounts that you owe to us or our Affiliates will bear interest at the rate of 1½% 
per month or the maximum contract rate of interest permitted by governing law, whichever is less, 
from and after the date of accrual.  In addition to interest charges on late payments, you must pay to 
us a service charge of up to $50 for each delinquent payment, due when the delinquent payment is 
