YESCO FRANCHISING LLC  
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 
8 
 
1. 
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND PRACTICES (CONTINUED) 
 
Leases 
 
The Company follows the lease accounting guidance in Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-
02, Leases (Topic 842). The Company currently has no leases that qualify under this standard, and 
as such, no right of use asset or lease liability has been recorded by the Company. 
 
2. 
FRANCHISING  
 
 
The Company executes franchise agreements that set the terms of its arrangement with each 
franchisee. The franchise agreements require the franchisee to pay an initial, non-refundable fee, 
typically $50,000. However, if a qualifying, existing franchisee in good standing desires to 
purchase a second or subsequent YESCO franchise through the Company’s area development 
program, the initial franchise fee under this program ranges from $25,000-$50,000 depending on 
the existing business revenue. The Company has the right, however, to periodically decrease or 
increase the amount of any reduced franchise fee and to discontinue the multiple business 
development program.  The franchisee is also required to pay continuing royalty fees based upon a 
percentage of sales, generally 6%, with a monthly minimum of $1,000. Subject to the Company’s 
approval and payment of a renewal fee, a franchisee may generally renew its agreement upon its 
expiration. Direct costs of sales and servicing of franchise agreements are charged to general and 
administrative expenses as incurred. However, costs related to contract renewals may be capitalized 
to prepaid expenses, if significant, and then subsequently amortized over the renewal period.   
 
When an individual franchise is sold, the Company agrees to provide certain services to the 
franchisee, including training, systems implementation, and design of a quality control program. 
The Company recognizes initial fees as revenue when substantially all initial services required by 
the franchise agreement are performed, which is generally upon execution of the franchising 
agreement. Royalty fees are recognized as earned, with an appropriate provision for estimated 
uncollectible amounts charged to general and administrative expense. The Company recognizes 
renewal fees as a contract liability when a renewal agreement becomes effective and will 
subsequently recognize this fee ratably over the period of the renewal contract.  
 
YESCO LLC, another wholly owned subsidiary of YESCO, represents both company-owned 
(affiliate) and franchised outlets to national customers desiring a single point of contact. A division 
referred to as YESCO National Service solicits these national customers, routes approved work to 
the appropriate outlet (or subcontractor if no outlet can fulfill the request), maintains customer 
communication, and invoices the customer on behalf of the local outlet.  
 
 
