© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |26
previously been identified as or is now added to the definition of the System.  All of your Customer 
Lists and Trades Lists must be stored and maintained on our back office software application, subject 
to the requirements of applicable law. 
8.6.3
You acknowledge and agree that we have valuable rights in and to the System.  
You further agree that you have not acquired any right, title, or interest in the System, except that you 
have been granted a limited, non-exclusive license to use the System in the operation of the Business 
as it is governed by this Agreement, and that you are obligated to maintain the confidentiality thereof 
pursuant to this Agreement. 
8.6.4
You may not alter, change, or modify the System in any way without our prior 
written consent and approval, which we have the right to grant or deny for any or no reason. 
8.7
Confidential Information 
You acknowledge and agree that you do not acquire any interest in the Confidential 
Information, other than the right to use it in developing and operating the Business pursuant to this 
Agreement, and that the use, duplication or reverse engineering of the Confidential Information in 
any other business constitutes an unfair method of competition.  You agree that the Confidential 
Information is proprietary and is our trade secret and is disclosed to you solely on the condition that 
you agree that you:  (i) will not use the Confidential Information in any other business or capacity; (ii) 
will maintain the absolute confidentiality of the Confidential Information during and after the term of 
this Agreement; (iii) will not make unauthorized copies of any Confidential Information disclosed in 
written form; (iv) will adopt and implement all procedures we direct to prevent unauthorized use or 
disclosure of the Confidential Information, including without limitation restrictions on disclosure to 
Business employees; and (v) will sign a nondisclosure and confidentiality agreement, and will require 
the Principal Owners and all other owners, the Principal Operator, and any other managers, employees 
and agents with access to Confidential Information to sign a nondisclosure and confidentiality 
agreement, in a form we designate.  For the avoidance of doubt, you may not use any Confidential 
Information for the purpose of machine learning, augmented human intelligence development, 
training any artificial intelligence (“AI”) model, algorithm improvement, or similar data aggregation 
activities without our express written consent.  Such uses shall not be deemed related to the 
performance of this Agreement and are expressly prohibited.  You may not, without our prior written 
consent, input any Confidential Information into any generative AI platform, or disclose such 
information to any provider or source of generative AI services.  You must opt out of allowing any 
provider or source of generative AI to utilize any Confidential Information for training of any AI 
model or for other purposes.
In addition, we may require that you obtain nondisclosure and 
confidentiality agreements in a form we designate from your potential investors, financial institutions, 
and suppliers.  You must provide executed copies of all of the agreements described above to us prior 
to commencing operations of the Business and following the addition of new or replacement owners, 
employees or agents.  A copy of our current form Confidentiality and Non-Competition Agreement 
is attached as Exhibit D, although we have the right to periodically modify this document. 
The restrictions on your disclosure and use of the Confidential Information will not apply to 
disclosure of Confidential Information in judicial or administrative proceedings to the extent you are 
legally compelled to disclose this information, if you use your best efforts to maintain the confidential 
treatment of the Confidential Information, and provide us the opportunity to obtain an appropriate 
protective order or other assurance satisfactory to us of confidential treatment for the information 
