© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved. 
Page | H-1
EXHIBIT H  
TRAINING WAIVER OF LIABILITY AND HOLD HARMLESS AGREEMENT 
This Training Waiver of Liability and Hold Harmless Agreement (“Liability Waiver”) is 
entered into as of last date set forth below, and is made in favor of YESCO Franchising LLC, a Utah 
limited liability company (“Us,” “We,” “Our,” “YESCO”) and the undersigned individual (“you”, 
“your,” “Trainee”).  You and we are sometimes be referred to in the singular as a “Party” or jointly 
as the “Parties.” 
RECITALS 
WHEREAS, We entered into a Franchise Agreement (the “Franchise Agreement”) with a 
person or entity that employs or is otherwise associated with you, and as such, you are eligible to 
receive training from us in one or more areas involving the management and/or operation of a 
YESCO® business (the “Training”); 
WHEREAS, the Training is intended to provide an overview of practices and techniques but 
is not considered or intended to cover all of the areas, practices, safety guidelines, legal compliance, 
or other material or curriculum that is necessary or desirable for the operation and/or management 
of a YESCO® business or which may be specific to you, your available equipment and resources, or 
your region; 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the employment of the Training provided by us, 
and for other good and valuable consideration, the adequacy of which is admitted by all Parties, it is 
agreed as follows: 
COVENANTS 
1. 
The Recitals are incorporated herein by this reference. 
2. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, you agree, on your own behalf and behalf of 
your personal representatives, executors, administrators, heirs, agents, and assigns (“Your 
Representatives”) to fully and unconditionally and indemnify, defend, hold harmless, and irrevocably 
waive, release, and forever discharge us our affiliated companies, and our and our affiliated companies’ 
employees, shareholders, investors, members, managers, executors, administrators, heirs, attorneys, 
agents, representatives, franchisees, and insurers, and their respective successors and assigns from an 
against all claims, contentions, debts, liabilities, demands, promises, agreements, costs, expenses 
(including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees), damages, actions or causes of action, of whatever kind 
or nature, whether now known or unknown, and whether based on contract, tort, statutory or other 
legal or equitable theory of recovery, whether liquidated or unliquidated, which you have, had, or may 
have in the future, which relate to, arise from, or are connected in any way to the Training. Your 
obligations in this paragraph include, without limitation, a waiver and release of liability for any loss, 
damage, injury or death resulting from our negligence, or any other cause or causes. 
3. 
You agree that this Agreement has been read carefully, the Parties have been given the 
opportunity to consult with their respective attorney or other counsel of choice, have been advised to 
seek the advice of counsel (such advice being incurred at the sole cost and expense of each Party), and 
have had the opportunity to ask any questions regarding this Liability Waiver. Each Party 
