YESCO 2025 FDD 
13 
ITEM 8
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
To ensure a uniform image and uniform quality of services and products throughout the YESCO 
system, you must maintain and comply with our quality standards.   
Designated Suppliers 
We have the right to designate the specific brand and/or manufacturer of any of the Approved Supplies 
(as defined below), and we have the right to designate a single source or sources from whom you must purchase 
any Approved Supplies.  We and/or our Affiliates may be that single source (if we only designate a single 
source) or one or more of the sources (if we designate more than a single source).  Under all circumstances and 
without limiting the above, we have the right to designate, as applicable, the specific brand and/or 
manufacturer, and/or the single source of supply (which may be or include us or one of our Affiliates), of the 
following:  (i) your computer system (and all components that make up the computer system, including without 
limitation designated software); (ii) signs for your Business, including interior way-finding signs; (iii) design 
professionals; (iv) media services; (v) standard attire and uniforms; and (vi) the Office Branding Package.  We 
will periodically notify you of these requirements, and changes to these requirements, through the Manuals, an 
Approved Supplies List or an Approved Suppliers List, if any (as defined below), or other means.   
As of the issuance date of this Disclosure Document, you must use the YESCO Software and our 
designated email account, and pay us any applicable fees.  In addition, you must purchase from us or an 
approved supplier, and maintain an inventory of letterhead, envelopes business cards, signs and sales literature, 
including brochures, other promotional materials that contain our Marks, and supplies, materials, parts, tools 
and equipment needed for servicing and maintaining your customer’s signs and/or lighting fixtures.  In addition, 
you must purchase from us or approved suppliers all wireless communication equipment.  In the future, we or 
one of our Affiliates may be the sole supplier for these and other items.  You may purchase all other equipment 
from any source so long as it meets our minimum requirements.  
Approved Supplies and Suppliers  
You must offer or sell in connection with the Business all services and products, and only those services 
and products, we periodically approve as being suitable for sale from YESCO businesses and meeting our 
standards of quality and uniformity for the System, and may not offer or sell any other service or product in 
connection with the Business without our prior written approval (see ITEM 16).  In addition, you must use the 
approved services and products, goods, equipment, advertising, marketing and promotional materials, and any 
other items we periodically approve and require as part of the operation of the YESCO businesses (collectively, 
“Approved Supplies”). 
We have the right to provide you with a list of Approved Supplies (“Approved Supplies List”) and a 
list of approved suppliers (“Approved Supplier List”), however we currently do not do so.  If we provide you 
with an Approved Supplies List or Approved Supplier List, we thereafter have the right to periodically revise  
such Approved Supplies List or Approved Supplier List, as we deem appropriate.  We have the right to approve 
the brand, manufacturer, supplier and/or distributor of any of the Approved Supplies.  We also have the right 
to require you to use approved suppliers.  For some Approved Supplies and approved suppliers, however, we 
may only describe the specifications and/or standards they must meet, without reference to a particular brand, 
manufacturer, supplier and/or distributor.  In addition, as further described above, we have the right to 
designate a single source or sources from whom you must purchase any Approved Supplies, and we and/or 
our Affiliates may be that single source or one or more of the sources.  For certain Approved Supplies and 
other products and services, we, an Affiliate or a third party manufacturer, supplier or distributor may be the 
only approved supplier even though we have not designated a single source of supply for those items.  All 
