YESCO 2025 FDD 
44 
same Franchised Business divided by 250 working days per year. 
(6)
Sales Activities.  A record denoting a scheduled or completed communication (including but not 
limited to phone, email, fax or written letter) associated with a lead or customer. 
(7)
Average Gross Revenue per Invoice.  These figures are calculated by dividing the yearly average 
Gross Revenue by the total number of Invoices produced in a year for the same Franchised 
Business.   
(8)
Invoices.  The total number of unique invoice records logged in a year for the same Franchised 
Business. 
We recommend that you make your own independent investigation to determine whether or not to 
purchase this franchise, and consult with an attorney and other advisors before signing any Franchise 
Agreement.  The information in the tables above do not reflect the following: (i) selling expenses like 
commissions, sign patrol or sales administration; (ii) office expenses like accounting, billing costs and postage; 
(iii) indirect operating expenses like building rental, utilities, and security expenses not directly related to 
operations; (iv) truck operation expenses like depreciation, fuel, registration, and truck repairs; (v) advertising 
and marketing costs; or (vi) other costs or expenses that must be deducted from Gross Revenue to obtain your 
net income or profit.  You should conduct an independent investigation of the costs and expenses you will 
incur in operating the Business.  You are responsible for developing your own business plan for the Business.   
Some Franchised Businesses have earned these amounts.  Your individual results may differ.  
There is no assurance you’ll earn as much.  
Written substantiation for the information provided in this ITEM 19 will be made available to you 
upon written request. 
Other than the preceding financial performance representation, we do not make any representations 
about a franchisee’s future financial performance or the past financial performance of company-owned or 
franchised businesses.  We also do not authorize our employees or representatives to make any such 
representations either orally or in writing.  If you are purchasing an existing business, however, we may provide 
you with the actual records of that business.  If you receive any other financial performance information or 
projections of your future income, you should report it to the franchisor’s management by contacting Samuel 
Fisher at 2401 Foothill Drive, Salt Lake City, Utah 84109, 801.464.4600 or sfisher@yesco.com, the Federal 
Trade Commission, and the appropriate state regulatory agencies.
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]
