YESCO 2025 FDD 
3 
Agreement” shall mean our then-current YESCO franchise agreement as modified by our then-current early 
renewal program addendum or standard renewal addendum, as applicable. 
Under the current Early Renewal Program, if eligible, you will:  (i) pay us a $15,000 Successor Franchise 
Fee for each existing franchise agreement being renewed, as further described in ITEM 6; (ii) receive an 
extended 10-year renewal term under each of your existing franchise agreements beginning on the date of the 
expiration of each agreement’s current term (the “Extended Successor Term”), as further described in 
ITEM 17; (iii) participate in a tiered royalty program (“Tiered Royalty Program”) under each franchise 
agreement beginning with the Extended Successor Term of each agreement, as further described in ITEM 6, 
which may allow you reduce total monthly royalties; and (iv) be eligible for a no-interest loan from us or YFS 
to finance the Successor Franchise Fee due under each franchise agreement being renewed, as further described 
in ITEM 10, provided we or YFS are still offering such financing at the time of the early renewal.  We reserve 
the right to discontinue, modify, or change the Early Renewal Program at any time. 
Referral Program 
As of the issuance date of this Disclosure Document, we have established a referral program for our 
existing franchisees, subject to certain qualifications.  Generally, if an existing franchisee refers a qualified 
candidate to us with whom we have not had previous communications and we execute a franchise agreement 
with that candidate within a certain period of time, we will pay the referring franchisee a referral fee we establish.  
We reserve the right to either modify or cancel this referral program at any time. 
Competition 
The market for servicing and maintaining signs and lighting is well developed and very competitive.  
As such, you will be competing for customers with other individuals, companies and organizations who offer 
similar services.  Competitors may include individuals and small companies, as well as similar franchise systems 
and large corporations.  
Laws Affecting the Business 
You are responsible for obtaining all necessary licenses that are required by the city, county and state 
in which you will be operating your Business.  You will also be required to conform to any taxation requirements 
of your locale. 
There may be specific laws or regulations in your state or municipality regarding the operation of a 
Business (See Exhibit G).  You should also familiarize yourself with federal, state, and local laws of a more 
general nature, which may affect the operation of your Business.  You must comply with all applicable federal, 
state, and local laws relating to employment, health and safety, workers’ compensation, insurance, licensing, 
privacy, data security, data protection, direct marketing, consumer protection, and workplace privacy laws, and 
other similar and related laws, rules, requirements and regulations.  The laws in your state or municipality may 
be more or less stringent.  You should examine these laws before purchasing a franchise from us.  Further, 
virtually all states will require that you and your Trades have licenses necessary to operate your Business.   
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank.] 
