YESCO 2025 FDD
D-6 
MARYLAND ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
YESCO FRANCHISING LLC 
1. 
Item 17 of the Franchise Disclosure Document is amended as follows: 
“The Franchise Agreement provides for termination upon bankruptcy.  This provision may 
not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C.A. §101, et seq.).” 
2. 
Items 17(c) and 17(m) of the Franchise Disclosure Document and the Franchise Agreement 
are revised to provide that, pursuant to COMAR 02.02.08.16L, the general release required as a condition to 
renewal, sale or consent to assignment/transfer shall not apply to any liability under the Maryland Franchise 
Registration and Disclosure Law.   
3. 
Item 17(v) of the Franchise Disclosure Document and the Franchise Agreement are 
modified by the insertion of the following: 
“Any Franchisee may sue in Maryland for claims arising under the Maryland Franchise 
Registration and Disclosure Law.” 
4. 
Item 17 of the Franchise Disclosure Document and the Franchise Agreement are amended 
by the insertion of the following:  
“Any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law must be 
brought within three years after the grant of the franchise.” 
5. 
Notwithstanding the requirement in the Franchise Disclosure Document and Franchise 
Agreement that the franchisee must litigate with the franchisor only in Utah courts, a franchisee still can file a 
civil lawsuit in Maryland alleging a violation of the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. 
6. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims 
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor.  This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
