© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |22
7.2.4
Approve your Grand Opening advertising and promotional program. 
7.3
Services Offered by Us During Operation 
During the operation of your Business, we will provide the following services:   
7.3.1
Provide your employees with “yesco.com” email addresses and the YESCO® 
Software. 
7.3.2
Provide you with Leads which originate from within your Territory and which 
we obtain through our designated web page or pages. 
7.3.3
Offer additional seminars or programs, at a frequency that we have the right to 
determine, on various topics relevant to your Business.  Some of these seminars or programs may be 
mandatory.  There may be a tuition fee for these seminars. 
7.3.4
Provide updates to the Manuals, YESCO® Software, the System and the 
Marks, at a frequency which we have the right to determine. 
7.3.5
Review all promotional and advertising materials you desire to use.  We will 
notify you of our approval or rejection of such promotional and advertising materials in writing no less 
than 15 calendar days before its release for publications into any medium.  If you do not receive written 
notice within 15 calendar days, your materials are deemed to be not approved. 
7.3.6
If requested by you, and if approved by us, provide additional training at a 
location determined by us.  You will pay our then-current fee for such services, along with all travel, 
room, board, salaries and benefits and other related expenses of your attendees. You and other persons 
participating in the training must sign the Confidentiality and Non-Competition Agreement that is 
attached to this Agreement as Exhibit D and the Training Waiver of Liability and Hold Harmless 
Agreement that is attached as Exhibit H. 
7.3.7
Use secret shoppers if and when we deem it appropriate to visit or contact the 
Business, or other methods to ensure that you and all other franchisees are delivering quality services 
and products that conform to the System. 
7.3.8
Provide promotional materials and advertising programs from time to time as 
we deem appropriate. 
7.3.9
Sponsor an “Achievement Reward Program” which will consist of recognition 
programs for high-performance franchisees.  We have the right to change or eliminate this program at 
any time, or to choose not to have such a program at all. 
7.3.10 Review all requests for alternative supplies and suppliers in accordance with 
Section 10.2. 
Except for the assistance described above, or as otherwise found in this Agreement, we are 
not required to offer any other pre-opening or post-opening assistance.  You may request additional 
support, although we have the right to decide whether or not to provide it to you.  You must pay to 
us any costs we incur in providing any requested additional assistance to you. 
