© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |51
17.3
No Disclosure 
You, and your Principal Operator, and Principal Owners and all other owners, agree that 
during the Initial Term and any Successor Franchise Term or at any other time after the termination 
of this Agreement (or any Successor Franchise Agreement) for any reason, each will refrain from 
making any unauthorized disclosure or use of any component of the System or the Confidential 
Information. 
17.4
Protection of Employees, Trades and Customers 
17.4.1 During the Initial Term, any Successor Franchise Term, and after termination 
or earlier expiration of this Agreement for a period of the lesser of:  (i) five years, or (ii) the maximum 
period allowed by applicable law:   
(a)
neither you, nor any employee, Principal Operator, or Principal 
Owner or any other owners will divert or attempt to divert any business or customer of the Business, 
or of any other YESCO® Business, to any business or entity that provides services similar to YESCO® 
business or our Affiliates by direct or indirect inducement or advertising or otherwise do or perform, 
directly or indirectly, any other act which is injurious or prejudicial to the goodwill associated with the 
System or the value of the Marks; and 
(b)
you, and your Principal Operator, and your Principal Owners 
and all other owners agree not to seek to induce the customer of any YESCO® business to a 
Competitive Business. 
17.4.2 You agree that any violation of this ARTICLE 17 would result in irreparable 
injury to us, our Affiliates and the System and that we would be without an adequate remedy at law.  
Therefore, you agree that in the event of a breach or threatened breach of this Agreement, we will not 
be required to prove actual or threatened damage from such breach in order to obtain a temporary or 
permanent injunction and a decree for specific performance of the terms of this ARTICLE 17.  In 
addition to injunctive relief, we shall be entitled to any other remedies which we may have under this 
Agreement, at law or in equity. 
17.4.3 The Parties agree that each of these covenants will be construed as independent 
of each other and of any other covenant or provision of this Agreement.  If all or any portion of a 
covenant in this ARTICLE 17 is held unenforceable by a court having valid jurisdiction, you expressly 
agree to be bound by the remaining portion of such covenant. 
17.5
Survival 
The foregoing restrictive covenants shall survive the termination or expiration of this 
Agreement and shall apply regardless of whether this Agreement was terminated by lapse of time, by 
default of either Party, or for any other reason. 
17.6
Reasonable Restriction and Savings Clause 
17.6.1 The covenants found in this ARTICLE 17 are intended to be a reasonable 
restriction on you and those others identified above.  The Parties agree that the purpose of these 
restrictions is to protect the entire franchise system from unfair competition and to protect the 
