© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |61
20.5
Delegation 
From time to time, we shall have the right to and will delegate the performance of any portion 
or all of our obligations and duties hereunder to a third party who is approved by us to deliver such 
services and perform such duties, whether the same are agents of us or independent contractors which 
we have contracted with to provide such services.  You agree in advance to any such delegation by us 
of any portion or all of our obligations and duties hereunder. 
20.6
Effective Date 
Even though you may have signed and delivered this Agreement to us, this Agreement shall 
not be effective and this will not be a contract between us and you until accepted by us as evidenced 
by dating and signing by an officer or manager of us (the “Effective Date”).  We will list the Effective 
Date on the signature page of this Agreement once we have signed and dated it. 
20.7
Review of Agreement 
Except for changes made as the result of negotiations you initiated, you acknowledge that you 
had a copy of this Agreement, and the exhibits and addenda attached hereto, in your possession for a 
period of time not less than seven days during which time you had the opportunity to submit same 
for professional review and advice by one or more professionals of your choosing prior to freely 
executing this Agreement. 
20.8
No Waiver 
No waiver of any condition or covenant contained in this Agreement or failure to exercise a 
right or remedy by either Party shall be considered to imply or constitute a further waiver by either 
Party of the same or any other condition, covenant, right, or remedy. 
20.9
No Right to Set Off 
You shall not be allowed to set off amounts owed to us for Royalty Fees or other amounts 
due hereunder against any monies owed to you. 
20.10
Invalidity 
If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid by any tribunal in a final decision from which 
no appeal is or can be taken, such provision shall be deemed modified to eliminate the invalid element 
and, as so modified, such provision shall be deemed a part of this Agreement as though originally 
included.  The remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected by such modification. 
20.11
Notices 
All notices and reports permitted or required to be given under this Agreement must be sent 
(i) by personal delivery, (ii) by Registered or Certified Mail, Return Receipt Requested, postage prepaid, 
or (iii) by a recognized overnight delivery service which requires a written receipt, addressed to 
receiving Party at the address set forth in the first section of this Agreement, or at such other addresses 
as either of us may designate from time to time.  Any notice or report delivered as described above in 
this ARTICLE will be deemed to have been given on the day of personal delivery, three days after it 
