© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved. 
Page | G-5
c.
Photos of damage, if applicable; and 
d. Copies of any required permit(s). 
7.
LIENS AND ENCUMBRANCES 
You must timely pay for all materials and labor used in conjunction with the Work, and must 
keep all personal property at the worksite(s) and all associated real property free and clear of all liens 
and encumbrances. In our discretion, we may require as a condition precedent to payment that you 
provide us partial and complete lien and claim waivers, releases, and affidavits, as applicable in a form 
reasonably acceptable to us, from you and also from all lower tier subcontractors and suppliers who 
have contributed to the Work. 
8.
CONFIDENTIALITY 
You agree that any information previously or hereafter obtained directly or indirectly from us, 
or as a result of this Agreement, is our confidential property. You agree not to disclose or use such 
information except to the extent the same can be shown, by documented evidence, to be in the public 
domain, generally known in the relevant trade, to have been in your possession prior to receipt from 
us, or to have been received from a third-party not having confidentiality obligations to us, or unless 
compelled by judicial process or a regulatory authority having legal jurisdiction. 
9.
INSURANCE 
You agree to comply at all times with the insurance requirements set forth in the Franchise 
Agreement, including naming us as an additional insured on the policies of insurance required therein. 
10.
INDEMNIFICATION 
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold us harmless, and waive and release claims made 
against us to the same extent that you are required to do the same in favor of Franchisor in accordance 
with Article 16 of the Franchise Agreement, which is incorporated into this Agreement by this 
reference. Your obligations in this paragraph will survive the termination of this Agreement. 
11.
REGULATORY COMPLIANCE 
You agree and warrant that the Work will be performed in accordance with the applicable 
laws, regulations, rules, ordinances, actions, and industry standards that may be applicable to the Work.  
You specifically warrant that you will have the necessary contractors’ licenses and other licenses 
necessary for performing the Work, and that the Work will be in compliance with all safety and 
environmental laws and regulations applicable to the Work. 
12.
SAFETY 
You are required to perform the Work in a safe and reasonable manner. You must establish a 
safety program and designate a safety representative; both must implement and establish safety 
measures, policies, and standards that conform to all applicable rules, regulations, and other lawful 
requirements established to prevent injury, loss, or damage to persons or property. You must 
immediately notify us in writing of any accident requiring medical attention beyond basic first aid or 
