YESCO 2025 FDD 
27 
unless we approve and you sign another franchise agreement with us.  You have no right of first refusal to 
acquire additional Businesses inside or outside of your Territory. 
Although the license granted by us to you is non-exclusive, so long as you are in compliance with all 
of your obligations under the Franchise Agreement, and subject to our reservation of rights, we will not 
establish another YESCO Business offering the products and services described in ITEM 16 in your Territory 
under the Marks or any other trademarks. 
Continuation of your territorial rights is dependent upon achievement of a certain sales volume.  See 
“Territory Sales Quota” below. 
You may not advertise, conduct sign patrols, solicit business or otherwise operate the Business outside 
of your Territory including, without limitation, conducting sign patrols, direct mail solicitations and advertising 
which specifies areas outside of your Territory except under the following circumstances: 
 1. 
You have our prior written consent, which we have the right to withhold for any or no reason; 
or   
2. 
You receive a Lead (as defined in the Franchise Agreement) from outside of your Territory 
that is not the result of advertising or solicitation of business by you, or you have an existing client that requires 
authorized products and services, and the work: (i) will be performed by you in the United States or Canada, 
(ii) is not within a territory that already has been assigned to another franchisee, us or our affiliates, (iii) does 
not require the use of a subcontractor, and (iv) does not require one-way travel time in excess of three hours. 
You must comply with all policies and procedures we periodically establish regarding operation outside 
of your Territory, as set forth in the Manuals or otherwise in writing.  As further described in ITEM 6, you 
acknowledge and agree that these policies and procedures may require you to pay compensation and/or fees 
to us, our affiliates and other YESCO® franchisees if you violate them. 
You may not use other channels of distribution, such as the Internet. 
You may relocate your business only within your Territory.  You must notify us of the physical address 
of your location, including the physical address of any relocation site within your Territory, within 10 days of 
relocating your office. 
We and our Affiliates currently have no plans to operate or franchise a business under a different 
trademark selling goods or services similar to those a YESCO Business will offer. 
Territory Sales Quota 
You must produce a minimum of $400,000 in Gross Revenue within the first 24 months of operation 
of your Business (“Territory Sales Quota” or “TSQ”) and a minimum annual TSQ of $250,000 for each 12-
month period thereafter.  If you fail to meet your TSQ, we may reduce the geographic size of the Territory to 
an area we determine that you can appropriately service, sell an additional franchise in your Territory or 
terminate the Franchise Agreement. 
Reservation of Rights 
We reserve the right for us and our Affiliates (without compensation to you), among others, to: 
1. 
own and operate, and grant franchises or licenses to others to own and operate, YESCO 
businesses outside the Territory; 
