YESCO 2025 FDD 
31 
ITEM 13 
TRADEMARKS 
Under the Franchise Agreement, we grant you the right to offer services and products using the Marks, 
which include the service mark YESCO, as well as other trade names, trademarks, service marks, logos, décor, 
trade dress, lay out, and commercial symbols and similar and related words or symbols, that we own or license 
and that we have designed or may in the future designate for us in the System or the Business.   We may modify, 
discontinue, add to or substitute the Marks used in the System. 
The Marks are owned by our Affiliate, YESCO Administration.  YESCO Administration licensed us 
the right to use the Marks in the operation of our business and to license the Marks to our franchisees through 
a trademark license agreement dated March 31, 2011 (“License Agreement’).   
Listed below are the Marks that YESCO Administration has registered with the United States Patent 
and Trademark Office (USPTO).  All required affidavits and renewals have been filed. 
Mark 
Application/Registration 
Number 
Application/Registration 
Date
Status/Register 
YESCO
1045133 
July 27, 1976 
Principal 
EXPERT SIGN AND LIGHTING 
SERVICE…..IT’S WHAT WE DO
4093512 
January 31, 2012 
Principal 
5674395  
February 12, 2019 
Principal 
4720401 
April 14, 2015 
Principal 
We also license you the right to use the service mark “ServizioSM,” but we do not have a federal 
registration for this service mark.  Therefore, this service mark does not have as many legal benefits and rights 
as a federally registered service mark. If our right to use the service mark is challenged, you may have to change 
to an alternative service mark, which may increase your expenses.
Under the License Agreement, YESCO Administration has licensed us the right to use the Marks, 
including the principal Marks listed above, and to sublicense the use of the Marks to operate Businesses, until 
March 28, 2031.  YESCO Administration may terminate the License Agreement if we declare bankruptcy, for 
an unauthorized transfer, or if we fail to cure a breach under it within 30 days of YESCO Administration’s 
notice to us of that breach.  Breaches under the License Agreement include our failure or refusal to perform a 
required duty under the License Agreement and our use of the Marks in a manner that violates YESCO’s 
standards for use the Marks.  If the license agreement is terminated, any then-existing sublicenses (franchises) 
