YESCO 2025 FDD
D-9 
MINNESOTA ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
YESCO FRANCHISING LLC 
This Addendum relates to franchises sold in Minnesota and is intended to comply with Minnesota statutes and 
regulations.  In consideration of the execution of the Franchise Agreement, we and you agree to amend the Franchise 
Agreement as follows: 
1. 
Marks – Indemnification.  Section 8 of the Franchise Agreement is amended to include the following 
language: 
If you are a Minnesota franchisee, we will indemnify you for damages for which you are held liable 
in any proceeding arising out of the use of the “YESCO” Mark, provided that you have used the 
Mark properly and has notified us of any claim against you within ten (10) days of your knowledge 
of such claim.  We will have sole control of any litigation involving the Marks.  Our indemnification 
obligation will not apply to any franchisee residing outside the state of Minnesota who purchases a 
franchise to be located outside of Minnesota. 
2. 
Application of Minnesota Law.  Sections 17 and 18 of the Franchise Agreement are amended by adding 
the following sentences at the end of each Section:  “Minnesota law provides franchisees with certain termination and 
nonrenewal rights.  Minnesota Statutes Section 80C.14, subds. 3, 4 and 5 require, except in certain specified cases, that a 
Franchisee be given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) and 180 days’ notice for nonrenewal of the 
Franchise Agreement.” 
3. 
Applicable Law and Wavier.  Section 18.4 of the Franchise Agreement is amended by adding the 
following provision at the end of such Section:  “Under Minnesota Statutes Section 80C.21, this section will not in any 
way abrogate or reduce any rights of the franchisee as provided for in Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C, including the 
right to submit non-arbitrable matters to the jurisdiction of the courts in Minnesota.  Minnesota statutes Section 80C.21 
and Minnesota Rule 2860.4400J prohibit a franchisor from requiring litigation to be conducted outside Minnesota.” 
4. 
Release.  No release language stated in the Franchise Agreement will relieve us or any other person, 
directly or indirectly, from liability imposed by the laws concerning franchising of the State of Minnesota, provided, that 
this part will not bar the voluntary settlement of disputes. 
5. 
Injunctive Relief.  Section 17.4.2 of the Franchise Agreement is amended by replacing the second 
sentence with the following:   
It is mutually agreed that in the event of a breach or threatened breach of any of the 
terms of this Agreement the other party will forthwith be entitled to seek an injunction 
restraining such breach and/or to a decree of specific performance, without showing 
or proving any actual damage, together with recovery of reasonable attorneys’ fees and 
other costs incurred in obtaining said equitable relief, until such time as the Court makes 
a final decision.  The Court will determine if a bond is required.  
6. 
Limitations of Claims.  Any action pursuant to Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.17, Subd. 5 must be 
commenced no more than three years after the cause of action accrues. 
7. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with 
the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state 
franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, 
franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor.  This provision supersedes any other term of any 
document executed in connection with the franchise. 
8. 
Construction.  In all other respects, the Franchise Agreement will be construed and enforced with its 
terms.   
