YESCO 2025 FDD 
40 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement or Other 
Agreements(1) 
Summary 
v. Choice of forum 
18.4 
Paragraph 6 of 
Training Liability 
Waiver 
Section 16 of Affiliate 
Services Agreement 
Face-to-face dispute resolution, mediation, and 
litigation must be in Salt Lake County, Utah, except as 
provided in a state specific addenda attached as 
Exhibit D. 
Federal or state courts situated in Salt Lake County, 
Utah 
Same as in Franchise Agreement 
w.  Choice of Law 
18.6 
Paragraph 6 of 
Training Liability 
Waiver 
Section 16 of Affiliate 
Services Agreement 
Utah law applies except as provided in a state specific 
addenda attached as Exhibit D. 
Utah law 
Same as in Franchise Agreement 
(1) 
Unless otherwise noted, Section references are to the Franchise Agreement. 
ITEM 18 
PUBLIC FIGURES 
There is no compensation or other benefit given or promised to any public figure arising from either 
the use of the public figure in the name or symbol of the Franchise, or the endorsement or recommendation 
of the Franchise by the public figure in advertisements.  There are no public figures presently involved in our 
management. 
ITEM 19 
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS 
The FTC’s Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to provide information about the actual or potential 
financial performance of its franchise and/or franchisor-owned businesses if there is a reasonable basis for this 
information, and if the information is included in the Disclosure Document.  Financial performance 
information that differs from that included in ITEM 19 may be given only if: (1) a franchisor provides the 
actual records of an existing business you are considering buying; or (2) a franchisor supplements the 
information provided in this ITEM 19, for example, by providing information about possible performance at 
a particular location or under particular circumstances. 
The data presented in this ITEM 19 reflects information from the 50 franchised YESCO® businesses 
(44 in the United States and 6 in Canada) that were open and continuously operated by franchisees during the 
period from January 1, 2024, to December 31, 2024 (the “Franchised Businesses”).  Open and continuously 
operated is defined as achieving monthly Gross Revenue (see note #1 below) of $1,000 or more in 10 or more 
