© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |34
Business; or (iii) you, your Primary Owner, or your Principal Operator die or become mentally or 
physically incapacitated.  Upon the occurrence of any of the foregoing events, we have the right, but 
are not obligated, to take possession and control of and operate the Business for your benefit.  Such 
right shall continue only for such period of time as the reason or reasons for our taking possession 
and control of the Business, as set forth above, continues.  We shall act in a commercially reasonable 
manner in our actions hereunder.  In furtherance of the foregoing, we may:   
10.8.1 collect any and all revenues due and payable to the Business and endorse your 
name on checks received; 
10.8.2 pay any and all expenses incurred to operate the Business including, but not 
limited to, wages, salaries and other compensation to your employees, to persons we employ on your 
behalf to manage the Business and to others for professional services; 
10.8.3 pay any amounts due to us or our Affiliates, including Royalty Fees, National 
Advertising Fees, amounts due for purchases of product and supplies and amounts due under any 
financing agreements; 
10.8.4 incur debts in the ordinary course of business for inventory, materials, supplies 
and other items needed for the operation of the Business; 
10.8.5 execute documents or instruments on your behalf; 
10.8.6 receive a reasonable fee for our services hereunder; 
10.8.7 institute legal or administrative proceedings on behalf of and defend actions 
brought against the Business; and 
10.8.8 take any other action we deem necessary or appropriate in furtherance of this 
provision. 
We shall maintain separate books and records of our actions hereunder in accordance with the 
format required by the System.  The net proceeds, if any, from our operation of the Business shall be 
deposited into a separate bank account or accounts under our direction and control as trustee for you.  
Upon our termination of the rights granted hereunder, such net proceeds, if any, shall be distributed 
to you or as you direct.  We shall not be liable to you except to the extent of our willful misconduct 
or gross negligence.  You shall indemnify, defend, and hold us harmless from and against any loss, 
claim, expense, damage, liability or other obligation of any nature, including legal fees and expenses 
arising from or in any manner connected with our actions hereunder, excepting only those to the 
extent caused by our willful misconduct or gross negligence.  Your appointment of us as attorney in 
fact is irrevocable and is coupled with an interest. 
10.9
Management of the Business 
You must have a Primary Owner at all times during the term of this Agreement.  In addition, 
you must designate a Principal Operator at all times after you commence operation of the Business.  
Your Primary Owner and Principal Operator may be the same individual.  The Primary Owner must 
ensure that the Business is operated in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, 
although this in no way relieves you of your responsibility to do so.  The Primary Owner also must be 
