© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved. 
Page | G-3
equipment are dispatched. Upon acceptance of the Work, and remaining goods or equipment 
must be immediately returned to us. 
3.5.
Check-in/Check-out Procedures 
You will be required to follow certain procedures when accessing and leaving a Work 
location.  These procedures will be designated in the applicable Work Order, the Manuals, or 
in writing from time to time. 
3.6.
Subcontracting 
Issuance of a Work Order shall constitute a binding agreement between us and you 
and shall remain in force until completion or other disposition is made. No Work associated 
with this Agreement is to be further subcontracted by you, except that portion which you are 
not equipped or licensed to perform. You must notify us in writing, provide us with a copy of 
the Subcontractors Insurance Certificate for the same coverage that is required of you, and 
obtain permission from us in writing before any subcontracting will be permitted under any 
circumstance. 
3.7.
Changes to the Work 
We have the right, by written change order, to modify the scope of the Work in a 
particular Work Order or to modify the General Work Standards in this section 3 in order to 
meet the demands of specific customers, or to improve the same.  The Parties will use 
reasonable best efforts to determine the adjusted compensation resulting from such 
modification(s). Should the Parties be unable to agree as to the value of any work to be added, 
deleted or altered, you must proceed with the Work promptly upon written order from us, and 
the amount due for the disputed Work shall be resolved as provided herein. 
3.8.
Acceptance of the Work 
Upon completion of the Work pursuant to a Work Order, you must obtain the 
customer’s acceptance of the Work.  We may designate certain methods of acceptance to you 
in writing from time to time, which may be different depending on the customer.  You must 
obtain acceptance from the Customer in the manner we designate.  We may reject or revoke 
acceptance of any of your Work that is, in our sole discretion, defective and/or does not 
conform to the requirements set forth herein or does not conform to the terms of a particular 
Work Order. 
3.9.
Obligations to Owner 
You agree to assume all obligations and responsibilities that we assume to the 
Customer (including, without limitation, warranty obligations) pursuant to our agreements 
with the Customer, the ultimate beneficiary of the Work. Where a provision of such 
agreements between YESCO and the Customer are inconsistent with a provision of this 
Agreement, this Agreement shall govern, except in the case of warranty terms that exceed the 
terms of this Agreement.  All agreements between us and the Customer are available to you 
upon written request; provided, however, that we may redact confidential information 
pertaining to such agreements in our discretion.  You agree to obligate any of your permitted 
