© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |18
YESCO, at its option, will administer the sign and lighting service and maintenance work 
pursuant to any National Lead referrals it receives from you in accordance with the agreement that is 
executed between you and YESCO in the form of Affiliate Services Agreement attached as Exhibit 
G.  YESCO will pay you for such work at the then-current rates, less an administrative fee of up to 
6% on the amount received from any National Lead located within the United States (a “National 
Lead Admin Fee”).   
As of the Effective Date of this Agreement, the following applies to non-National Accounts 
Program Customer Leads, except as described above.  You may refer non-National Accounts Program 
Customer Leads to other franchisees, or to us or our Affiliates (as applicable) for potential sign and 
lighting service and maintenance work outside your Territory if the work is in the territory of another 
franchisee, us or our Affiliate.  You also may receive non-National Accounts Program Customer Leads 
from other franchisees, or from us or our Affiliates (as applicable) for potential sign and lighting 
service and maintenance work within your Territory.  If we or our Affiliates generate a non-National 
Accounts Program Customer Lead within your Territory, we will refer that Lead to you at no charge.  
Similarly, you agree not to charge a fee if you refer a non-National Accounts Program Customer Lead 
to us or our Affiliates.  You may, however, negotiate the receipt or payment of lead fees for the referral 
of non-National Accounts Program Customer Leads between you and other franchisees in accordance 
with this paragraph.   
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, we have the right, upon 30 days’ written notice to you, 
to periodically develop, modify and discontinue voluntary or mandatory Lead referral programs, which 
may require the payment of lead fees, through the Manuals or otherwise.  You acknowledge and agree 
that you will participate in any mandatory Lead referral programs we develop.  You also acknowledge 
and agree that we have the right to develop different Lead referral programs for YESCO® businesses 
located in the United States (as opposed to YESCO® businesses located in Canada and other 
countries) to take into account country-specific conditions, like the economy, culture, product and 
service availability and customs.  
If you receive a Lead for a non-National Accounts Program Customer facility located within 
the Territory from us or our Affiliates or another YESCO® franchisee and (i) you reject or fail to 
pursue that Lead, (ii) you fail to properly provide requested services to that Lead, (iii) you do not have 
the qualifications or resources to properly provide requested services to that Lead, or (iv) a customer 
specifically requests that we or another YESCO® franchisee or subcontractor service that Lead, we 
have the right to service, or license or allow others (including without limitation other YESCO® 
franchisees not located within the Territory and third-party subcontractors located within or outside 
the Territory) to service that Lead.   
5.6
Grand Opening Advertising 
Within the 30-day period before and the 30-day period after commencing operations of your 
Business, you must spend at least $1,000 to advertise the start up (“Grand Opening”) of the Business.  
We must approve of the advertising used in this program, which will include an email campaign and 
direct mailing campaign to a list of potential customers in the Territory, as well as print media advertising.  
Such expenditures are in addition to, not in lieu of, other advertising requirements set forth herein. 
