YESCO 2025 FDD 
39 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement or Other 
Agreements(1) 
Summary 
m. Conditions for franchisor 
approval of transfer 
11.3 
Transferee has necessary background and financial 
resources and meets with us; you are in full compliance 
with Franchise Agreement, have paid all monetary 
obligations in full, submitted all reports and provided 
to us transfer terms in writing; transferee and its 
owners/guarantors agree to sign then-current form of 
agreement and guarantee; if transferee is a current 
franchisee, transferee and its owners and employees 
attend and complete to our satisfaction all required 
training; if the transferee is not an existing franchisee, 
the transferee and its owners and employees attend and 
complete to our satisfaction the Initial Training 
Program and pay tuition (if any), and we reserve the 
right to charge tuition for each owner/employee for 
the Initial Training Program; you pay then-current 
transfer fee, you and your Principal Owners and 
guarantors execute general releases, you and transferee 
work out a transition plan acceptable to us, and terms 
of transfer may not negatively the capability of the 
Business to profit after the transfer (See ITEM 6) 
n. Franchisor’s right of first refusal 
to acquire franchisee’s business 
11.7 
30 days on same terms as bona fide offer. 
o. Franchisor’s option to purchase 
franchisee’s business 
14.1 
Our option to purchase for fair value before you offer 
to third party. 
p. Death or disability of franchisee 
11.6 
Heirs can operate if approved. 
q. Non-competition covenants 
during the term of the franchise 
17.1 
You and your owners cannot operate a similar 
business. 
r. Non-competition covenants 
after the franchise is terminated 
or expires 
17.2 
You and your owners cannot operate a similar business 
for 2 years within your Territory or the territory of any 
other franchisee.   
s. Modification of the agreement 
20.1 
Only by both parties’ written agreement, except for the 
Manuals, which we can unilaterally modify at any time 
t. Integration/merger clause 
20.4.1 
Only the terms of the Franchise Agreement are binding 
(subject to federal and state law). Any representations 
or promises made outside the disclosure document and 
Franchise Agreement may not be enforceable. 
u. Dispute resolution by 
arbitration or mediation 
18.1 
Section 16 of Affiliate 
Services Agreement 
Except for injunctive relief or actions based on the 
Marks or non-compete, a face-to-face meeting is 
required before litigation and non-binding mediation 
may be completed before litigation is commenced. 
Same as in Franchise Agreement 
