YESCO 2025 FDD 
11 
Type of Expenditure 
Amount 
Method of 
Payment 
When Due 
To Whom Payments is to 
be Made 
Furniture, fixtures, equipment, 
and software (4) 
$0 to $12,000 
As incurred 
Before opening 
Vendors 
Computer hardware and 
software(5) 
$1,000 to $8,500 
As incurred 
Before opening 
Vendors 
Grand Opening Advertising, 
Marketing and Supplies, Office 
Branding Package (6) 
$1,500 to $7,700  
As incurred 
At open 
Us; Vendors 
Insurance (7) 
$1,000 to $20,000 
As incurred 
When incurred 
Insurance carrier 
Professional Services (8) 
$500 to $5,000 
As incurred 
When incurred 
Attorneys, accountants and 
other professionals 
Vehicles (9) 
$0 to $185,000 
As incurred 
When incurred 
Vendors 
Inventory & Tools (10) 
$8,500 to $20,000 
As incurred 
When incurred 
Vendors 
Additional Funds – 3 months 
(11) 
$0 to $50,000 
As incurred 
As incurred 
Various 
TOTAL  
$65,000 to $432,200
This Table reflects your estimated initial investment for a single Business operated under a Franchise 
Agreement.  Unless otherwise noted, all fees that you pay to us or an Affiliate are non-refundable.  Third party 
lessors, contractors and suppliers will decide if payments to them are refundable. 
NOTES: 
(1)
The Franchise Fee is for a specific geographic territory.  The Franchise Fee is earned upon payment, 
and there is no refund except as described in Note 3 below.  The Territory will be determined by 
geographic, physical, and other boundaries before the Franchise Agreement is signed.  Our Affiliate, 
YFS, may finance up to 66.67% of the Franchise Fee, as described in ITEM 10. 
(2)
You may lease office space in industrial or commercial areas.  The office may be of any size that you 
determine at any location within your Territory.  Rent is an estimate only and will vary depending 
upon the market in your location, availability of space, and other factors.  As part of leasing space, 
you may spend this amount, or more, for rental improvements, such as putting in new carpet or 
painting walls.  As part of your lease requirements, you will also likely be required to pay deposits for 
the office space and deposits for utilities and suppliers.  You may initially choose to operate the 
Business from a home office or out of a vehicle, therefore, the initial investment for rent, rental 
improvements and related deposits is $0 until such time as you lease actual office space.  You may 
not operate your office out of your home for more than 6 months. 
(3)
Before opening your Business, your Primary Owner and Principal Operator (as defined in ITEM 15) 
must attend our initial training program on the operations of the Business.  No fee is charged for your 
Primary Owner and your Principal Operator to attend the initial training program; however, you will 
be responsible for the compensation, travel, lodging and living expenses incurred in connection with 
the attendance at this initial training program or at any supplemental or refresher training programs.  
See ITEM 11 for additional information. 
If, during any training program, we determine that any proposed Principal Operator is not qualified 
to manage the business, we will notify you and you may select and enroll a substitute Principal 
Operator in this training program.  If, during the initial training program, we determine that you are 
not qualified to manage the Business, we will have the right to terminate the Franchise Agreement, 
effective upon delivery of written notice to you.  Upon termination under these circumstances, we 
