YESCO 2025 FDD 
9 
(5)
We require that you spend at least 2% of your Gross Revenue annually for advertising and promotion 
of your business within your Territory.  This advertising and promotion, (“Local Advertising Fee”) 
is in addition to the National Advertising Fee.  We have the right to increase this amount to 3% of 
your Gross Revenue with 60 days’ prior notice.  If you fail to spend the minimum amount required 
under this Section for any calendar year, we have the right to require you to pay us the difference 
between what you should have spent on approved local advertising and marketing during that year 
and what you actually spent on those items during that year.  We will deposit any such amounts into 
the National Advertising Fund, if we have established one that includes the United States, or use 
them to cover the cost of advertising, marketing or promotional activities reasonably related to the 
System, if we have not established a National Advertising Fund that includes the United States. The 
combined National Advertising Fee (referenced above under Note 4) and Local Advertising Fee will 
not exceed 3% of Gross Revenue. 
(6)
If you understate Gross Revenue by less than 2%, we will not charge for the audit but you must pay 
all fees and interest due on understated amounts.  If you understate Gross Revenue by 2% or more, 
the fee will be the costs for the audit, which we estimate to be between $3,000 and $5,000 depending 
on the auditor, plus interest on the understated amounts. 
(7)
The transfer fee is to defray expenses incurred by us in connection with the transfer, including, 
without limitation, training of the assignee, accounting fees, credit and other investigation charges 
and evaluation of the assignee and the terms of the transfer.  You and the transferee must also comply 
with the other conditions for transfer in the Franchise Agreement. 
(8)
Under the Standard Renewal Program, you must pay us immediately upon our approval of the 
renewal a $15,000 Successor Franchise Fee for each 5-year renewal term for a total of $30,000 for 
both renewal terms.  In addition to this Successor Franchise Fee, you will be required, according to 
the terms for the extension of your rights under the Franchise Agreement to operate the Business, 
to make such changes and upgrades as outlined and bring your franchise up to the same standards 
as any new franchise being currently offered and to sign the then-current version of our general 
release of claims.  If you qualify, we or our affiliate, YFS, will offer to finance the Successor Franchise 
Fee, provided we or YFS are still offering such financing at the time of the renewal (see ITEM10). 
(9)
Under the Early Renewal Program, you must pay us a $15,000 Successor Franchise Fee for each of 
your franchise agreements being renewed, which is due and payable upon the commencement of 
each Extended Successor Term.  In addition to these Successor Franchise Fees, at our reasonable 
request, you will be required, according to the terms for the extension of your rights under each 
franchisee agreement being renewed to operate the respective business, to make such changes and 
upgrades as outlined and bring your franchise up to the same standards as any new franchise being 
currently offered.  If you qualify, we or YFS will offer to finance all of the Successor Franchise Fees, 
provided we or YFS are still offering such financing at the time of the early renewal (see ITEM10). 
(10)
All Royalties Fees, National Advertising Fees, amounts due for purchases by you from us or our 
Affiliates and other amounts which you owe to us or our Affiliates will bear interest after the due 
date at the highest applicable legal rate for open account business credit, or if there is no maximum 
at the rate of 1.5% per month.  All sums to be paid and reports to be submitted under the Franchise 
Agreement shall be assessed a $50 per day late fee, until paid in full, if not received in our offices on 
or before the due date. 
(11)
If you do not purchase and maintain the insurance required by the Franchise Agreement and name 
us and our Affiliates as additional named insured’s, we may purchase the required insurance on your 
behalf and charge you the premiums we paid for such insurance plus an administrative fee of15%.  
See ITEM 7. 
