© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |23
ARTICLE 8 
MARKS, COPYRIGHTS, SYSTEM, AND CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 
8.1
Marks and Copyrights 
8.1.1
You agree that we or our Affiliates own each component of the System, 
including without limitation:  the YESCO® Software, the Manuals, the standards and specifications 
necessary to operate the Business; the specifications for hardware and third-party software; marketing 
techniques; written promotional materials; advertising; and accounting systems. You acknowledge and 
agree that we and our Affiliates have valuable rights in and to each component of the System. 
8.1.2
You also agree that our Affiliate owns the Marks and YESCO® Software and 
has authorized us, as its exclusive agent, to license the Marks and YESCO® Software to you.   
8.1.3
We or our Affiliates further claim copyrights and copyright protection in and 
on all of the components of the System, including without limitation the Manuals and related materials, 
the YESCO® Software, training modules and techniques, our method of generating Leads, all 
advertisements in any medium including the Internet, and other promotional and written materials. 
8.1.4
Along with the Marks, each and every component of the YESCO® Software 
and the System is our or our Affiliates’ proprietary trade secret and Confidential Information.  Any 
component of the System will be used by you only as described in this Agreement. 
8.1.5
You and your Principal Owners and any other owners may never during the 
Initial Term or any Interim Period, or at any time after the termination or expiration of this Agreement, 
disclose any Confidential Information, including without limitation any component of the System or 
any copyrighted materials, to any person or entity, and you cannot use the Confidential Information 
for any other business. 
8.1.6
You will not copy any portion of the System, YESCO® Software, Marks, or 
any portion of the copyrighted materials unless we specifically authorize it in writing, and said 
authorization may be granted or denied for any reason or for no reason at all.  If you are a business 
entity, then your officers, directors, Principal Owners and all other owners, Principal Operator, and all 
others who may take an active role in the operation of the Business must sign nondisclosure and 
confidentiality agreements and non-competition agreement, in the form we designate.  A copy of our 
current form Confidentiality and Non-Competition Agreement is attached as Exhibit D, although we 
have the right to periodically modify this form document. 
8.1.7
You agree that you have not acquired and will not acquire in the future any 
right, title, or interest in any component of the System, YESCO® Software, Manuals, Marks or any 
portion of the copyrighted materials, except as permitted by this non-exclusive license. 
8.1.8
You will not:  (a) directly or indirectly contest nor aid in contesting the validity 
of the ownership of the Marks or the YESCO® Software; (b) nor in any manner interfere with or 
attempt to prohibit our or our Affiliates’ use of the Marks, the YESCO® Software, any component of 
the System or derivatives thereof, any of the copyrighted materials or any other name that is or becomes 
a part of our System; or (c) interfere with the use of the Marks or the YESCO® Software by our other 
franchisees or licensees at any time. 
