© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved. 
Page | D-2
business or interest of Franchisee or Franchisor.  For the avoidance of doubt, Employee may not use 
any Proprietary Information for the purpose of machine learning, augmented human intelligence 
development, training any artificial intelligence (“AI”) model, algorithm improvement, or similar data 
aggregation activities.  Such uses shall not be deemed related to the performance of duties under the 
Franchise Agreement and are expressly prohibited.  Employee may not input any Proprietary 
Information into any generative AI platform, or disclose such information to any provider or source 
of generative AI services.  Employee must opt out of allowing any provider or source of generative 
AI to utilize any Proprietary Information for training of any AI model or for other purposes.
4. 
If Employee is a manager or is in a management position with Franchisee, Employee 
will not, during the course of his or her employment and for one (1) year thereafter, directly or 
indirectly, as an owner, officer, director, shareholder, partner, associate, employee, agent, 
representative, consultant or in some other similar capacity, without Franchisee’s prior written 
consent, engage in a business, or plan or organize a business, or have any financial interest in a 
business, that is competitive with, or substantially similar to, the business of Franchisor (a 
“Competitive Business”) located at or within a fifteen (15) mile radius of Franchisee’s place of 
business or any place of business conducted by a franchisee of Franchisor at the time of Employee’s 
termination of employment. 
5. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the ownership of not more than two percent (2%) of 
the voting stock of a publicly-held corporation engaged in a Competitive Business shall not be 
considered a violation of the foregoing provision. 
6. 
Employee, regardless of his or her position with Franchisee, will not, during the course 
of his or her employment and for one (1) year thereafter, directly or indirectly contact any customer 
of Franchisee for the purpose of soliciting from any such customer any business that is the same as, 
or substantially similar to, the business conducted between Franchisee and the customer. 
7. 
At the termination of his or her employment, Employee agrees to deliver to Franchisee 
(and will not keep in his possession or deliver to anyone else) all Proprietary Information, including 
all Manuals and other Confidential Information, records, data, designs, photographs, notes, reports, 
proposals, lists, correspondence, specifications, drawings, blueprints, sketches, materials, equipment, 
other documents or property, or reproductions of any such items belonging to Franchisee, its 
successors or assigns, which relate in any way to the operation of Franchisee’s business, and shall not 
keep any copies of any such documents or information. 
8. 
Employee hereby acknowledges and agrees that any breach by him or her of this 
Confidentiality Agreement will cause irreparable damage to Franchisee, Franchisor and the 
Franchisor’s entire Business System.  Accordingly, in addition to any other relief to which Franchisee 
or Franchisor may be entitled, either Franchisee or Franchisor shall be entitled to temporary, 
preliminary, or permanent injunctive relief for any breach or threatened breach of this Agreement by 
Employee without proof of actual damages that have been or may be caused. 
9. 
If any portion of this Confidentiality Agreement shall be held invalid or inoperative, 
then, so far as is reasonable and possible, the remainder of this Agreement shall be considered valid 
and operative, and effect shall be given to the intent manifested by the portion held invalid or 
inoperative.  Whenever the context so requires, the masculine shall include the feminine and neuter, 
and the singular shall include the plural and conversely. 
