© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |48
ARTICLE 15 
RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE PARTIES 
15.1
Independent Contractor 
15.1.1
In all matters as between you and us, or between you and the public, you are an 
independent contractor.  Nothing in this Agreement or in the franchise relationship constitutes a 
partnership, agency, joint venture or other arrangement between you and us or our Affiliates.  Neither 
Party is liable for the debts, liabilities, taxes, duties, obligations, defaults, compliance, intentional acts, 
wages, negligence, errors, or omissions of the other. 
15.1.2 You are responsible for the management and control of the Business and this 
Agreement, including, without limitation, (i) the daily operations of the Business, (ii) locating, 
interviewing, hiring, managing, scheduling, supervising, directing, compensating, disciplining and firing 
all employees and salespersons of the Business, and (iii) paying all costs and expenses of the Business. 
15.1.3 The Parties agree not to hold themselves out by action or inaction, contrary to 
the foregoing. 
15.1.4 None of your employees shall be deemed our employee or subject to our 
supervision or control, and each employee shall be so notified by you.  As used herein, “we” also means 
our predecessors, Affiliates, and our officers, directors, shareholders, employees, agents, or others 
whose conduct we are responsible for. 
15.1.5 Neither Party shall act or have the authority to act as agent for the other, and 
neither Party shall guaranty the obligations of the other or in any way become obligated for the debts 
or expenses of the other unless agreed to in writing in advance. 
15.2
No Fiduciary Relationship 
It is understood and agreed between us that this Franchise Agreement does not establish a 
fiduciary relationship between us or any of our Affiliates and you, and that nothing in this Agreement 
is intended to constitute either Party an agent, legal representative, subsidiary, joint venture, partner, 
employee, or servant of the other for any purpose whatsoever. 
15.3
Posting of Signs 
You agree to post promptly and maintain any signs or notices specified by us or by applicable 
law indicating the status of the parties as described above. 
ARTICLE 16 
INDEMNIFICATION 
16.1
Indemnification 
16.1.1
You agree to and will indemnify and hold harmless us, our Affiliates, and their 
respective shareholders, directors, officers, managers, members, employees, agents, successors, and 
