© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |60
(d)
Any training, support, advice, assistance or resources we 
provide to you in connection with the Business is solely for the purpose of protecting the Marks and 
goodwill associated with the System and assisting you in the operation of the Business, and not for the 
purpose of controlling or in any way exercising or exerting control over your decisions or the day-to-
day operation of the Business, including your personnel-related decisions. 
(e)
You are not a party to any litigation or legal proceedings other 
than those which have been disclosed to us by you in writing.  You know of no circumstances that 
would lead to litigation against you in the future. 
(f)
You and your Principal Owners and all other owners agree to 
comply with and/or to assist us to the fullest extent possible in our efforts to comply with Anti-
Terrorism Laws.  As a result, you and your owners certify, represent, and warrant that:  (1) none of 
their property or interests is subject to being “blocked” under any of the Anti-Terrorism Laws and that 
you and your owners are not otherwise in violation of any of the Anti-Terrorism Laws; (2) none of 
them is listed in the Annex to Executive Order 13224; (3) you will refrain from hiring (or, if already 
employed, retain the employment of) any individual who is listed in the Annex; (4) you have no 
knowledge or information that, if generally known, would result in you, your owners, employees, or 
anyone associated with you to be listed in the Annex to Executive Order 13224; (5) you are solely 
responsible for ascertaining what actions it must take to comply with the Anti-Terrorism Laws, and 
you specifically acknowledge and agree that your indemnification responsibilities set forth in this 
Agreement pertain to your obligations under this subsection; and (6) any misrepresentation under this 
subsection or any violation of the Anti-Terrorism Laws by you, your owners, agents, and/or employees 
shall constitute grounds for immediate termination of this Agreement and any other agreement you 
have entered with us or any of our Affiliates. 
For purposes of this Agreement, “Anti-Terrorism Laws” means Executive Order 13224 issued 
by the President of the United States, the Terrorism Sanctions Regulations, and other regulations 
found at 31 CFR 515, 595, 597, and any laws which now pertain or which may in the future pertain 
to the matters of this Section. 
20.4
Entire Agreement - Merger 
20.4.1 This Agreement, including all exhibits and addenda, including without 
limitation the Closing Acknowledgment attached as Exhibit E, contains the entire agreement between 
the Parties and supersedes any and all prior oral, written, express, or implied agreements, statements or 
understandings concerning the subject matter hereof.  However, nothing in this Agreement or any 
related agreement is intended to disclaim the representations we have made in the Franchise Disclosure 
Document we provided to you. 
20.4.2 You agree and understand that we will not be liable or obligated for any oral 
representations or commitments made prior to the execution hereof or for claims of negligent or 
fraudulent misrepresentation based on any such oral representations or commitments and that no 
modifications of this Agreement shall be effective except those in writing and signed by both Parties. 
