© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |59
19.7
We May Procure Insurance Coverage 
Should you, for any reason, fail to procure or maintain the insurance required by this 
Agreement, as described from time to time by the Manuals or otherwise in writing, we shall have the 
right and authority (but no obligation) to procure such insurance and to charge the same to you; said 
charges, together with a reasonable fee for our expenses in so acting, shall be immediately payable to 
us by you. 
ARTICLE 20 
MISCELLANEOUS 
20.1
Modification 
This Agreement may only be modified in a written agreement which is signed by all Parties to 
this Agreement.  You acknowledge and agree that we have the right to modify our standards, 
specifications, and operating and marketing procedures, including those set forth in the Manuals, 
unilaterally and under any conditions and to the extent to which we deem necessary to protect, 
promote, or improve the Marks and the quality of the System in general, and the same shall be binding 
on you. 
20.2
Terms of Offer 
This Agreement describes the terms and conditions on which we currently offer YESCO® 
franchises to new franchisees.  We may offer YESCO® franchises under different terms and 
conditions in order to enhance, build, and preserve the system and are not required to offer the same 
terms to you. 
20.3
Your Representations 
You covenant, represent, and warrant as follows and acknowledge and agree that we are relying 
upon such covenants, representations, and warranties in making your decision to enter into this 
Agreement:   
(a)
You acknowledge and agree that you have received and have 
read this Agreement and all Exhibits attached hereto.  Specifically, you have been advised by us to seek 
out and use professional counsel of your choosing in order to interpret any terms, covenants, or 
conditions of this Agreement and advise on the relationship overall.  It is your sole and exclusive 
obligation to obtain such counsel, and we will not provide any legal, financial, or other counsel in 
reference to this Agreement. 
(b)
You have adequate funding to purchase and operate the 
Business and, as a result, are financially capable of undertaking the risks involved in the opening and 
operation of any business. 
(c)
All statements made by you in writing in connection with your 
application for this Agreement were true when made and continue to be true as of the date of this 
Agreement. 
