© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |40
interest transferred is less than 25% of the outstanding equity in you (if you are an entity), then the 
transfer fee, as set forth in Section 11.3.4(g), will be reduced to $2,500, and we will not be entitled to 
exercise our “Right of First Refusal,” as set forth in Section 11.7. 
11.5.2 Notwithstanding the requirements of Section 11.2 and 11.3, you may Transfer 
your rights and obligations under this Agreement without our consent, to an entity in which you own 
100% of the outstanding equity, provided:   
(a)
You remain a party to the Agreement and the entity is added as 
a co-party and sign a Guaranty of this Agreement in the form attached to this Agreement as Exhibit F; 
(b)
You, or your Principal Operator approved by us, continues to 
devote his or her full time and best efforts to manage the daily operations of the Business; 
(c)
The entity’s activities are confined exclusively to operating the 
Business; 
(d)
The entity assumes joint and several liability with you of all 
obligations under this Agreement; and 
(e)
You will cause to be printed on each certificate or other 
document of ownership of the entity a legend referencing the restrictions contained herein, which will 
read substantially as follows:   
The transfer of ownership in this company is subject to the terms and conditions of a 
Franchise Agreement with YESCO Franchising LLC.  Reference is made to such Franchise 
Agreement and to the restrictive provisions contained in the organization documents of this company. 
We may expand upon, and provide more details related to, the conditions for Transfer and 
our consent as described in this Section 11.5, and may do so in the Manuals or otherwise in writing. 
11.6
Death or Incapacity 
11.6.1
Upon the death or Permanent Disability of your Primary Owner, the executor, 
administrator, conservator, guardian, trustee, or other personal representative of such person shall 
transfer your interest in this Agreement or such interest in your entity to an approved third party, who 
may be the heirs or successors of the deceased or disabled individual.  Such Transfer shall be completed 
within a reasonable time, not to exceed 180 days from the date of death or Permanent Disability, and 
shall be subject to all terms and conditions applicable to Transfers contained in this ARTICLE 11 as 
though the transferee were being introduced to us by the deceased or disabled Primary Owner, 
provided, however, that for purposes of this Section 11.6 there shall be no transfer fee charged by us. 
11.6.2 Failure to transfer the interest in this Agreement or such interest in your entity 
within said period of time shall constitute a breach of this Agreement. 
11.6.3 For the purposes hereof, the term “Permanent Disability” shall mean a 
mental or physical disability, impairment, or condition that is reasonably expected to prevent or actually 
does prevent the Primary Owner from supervising the management and operation of the Business for 
a period of 120 days from the onset of such disability, impairment, or condition. 
