© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |38
in any manner whatsoever, by law or otherwise, of any of your rights or interests under this Agreement 
and reserve the right to declare any such Transfer void upon written notice to you. 
11.2.3 If you are an entity, each stock certificate or other evidence of an ownership 
interest in your entity shall have endorsed upon its face, as set forth in Section 11.5.2(e), that any 
assignment or transfer thereof is subject to the restrictions of this Agreement.  You and your Principal 
Owners and all other owners agree to provide us with a copy of each such certificate so that we can 
ensure compliance with this provision 
11.2.4 You may not place in or on the location of the Business, or in any 
communication media or any form of advertising, any information relating to the sale of the Business 
or the rights under this Agreement, without our prior written consent. 
11.3
Conditions to Approval of any Transfer 
11.3.1
To obtain our written approval to any Transfer, you will provide us with all 
documentation relating to the proposed transfer of the franchise or the Business.  We will not 
unreasonably withhold our approval to a proposed Transfer, provided we determine that all of the 
conditions described in this Section have been satisfied.   
11.3.2 In determining the acceptability of the proposed transferee, we will consider, 
among other things, our then-current standards for new franchisees, including the net worth, credit 
worthiness, background, training, personality, reputation and business experience of the proposed 
transferee, the terms and conditions of the transfer, and any circumstances that would make the transfer 
contrary to the System. 
11.3.3 We have the right to meet and candidly discuss all matters relating to this 
Agreement and the Business with the potential transferee.  In no case may you or a proposed transferee 
rely on us to review or evaluate any proposed Transfer.  We will not be liable to you, your Principal 
Owners and all other owners or the transferee or any other person or entity relating to the Transfer. 
11.3.4 As a condition of any Transfer otherwise permitted under this Agreement, you 
agree as follows:   
(a)
You must be in full compliance with this Agreement and not be 
in default hereunder; 
(b)
All accounts payable and other monetary obligations to us or 
any of our any Affiliates must be paid in full prior to the Transfer; 
(c)
You must have submitted all required reports, financial 
statements, and other documents; 
(d)
The terms and conditions of the proposed Transfer must be 
provided in writing to us; 
(e)
The transferee must agree to sign the then-current form of 
franchise agreement and fully renovate the Business to the level required of new franchisees; 
