YESCO 2025 FDD
D-7 
MARYLAND ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
YESCO FRANCHISING LLC 
This Addendum relates to franchises sold in Maryland and is intended to comply with Maryland 
statutes and regulations.  In consideration of the execution of the Franchise Agreement, Franchisor and 
Franchisee agree to amend the Franchise Agreement as follows: 
1. 
Release.  To the extent that the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law (the 
“Maryland Franchise Law”) prohibits a release as a condition of assignment or renewal, Section 6.2.5 of the 
Franchise Agreement is amended to provide that any release required as a condition of assignment or renewal 
will not apply to liability under the Maryland Franchise Law.   Further, all representations in the Franchise 
Agreement requiring prospective franchisees to assent to a release, estoppel or waiver of liability are not 
intended to nor shall they act as a release, estoppel or waiver of any liability incurred under the Maryland 
Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. 
2. 
Venue.  To the extent that the Maryland Franchise Law prohibits a franchisor from requiring 
a Maryland franchisee to litigate outside Maryland, Section 18.2.1 of the Franchise Agreement is amended to 
provide that any litigation involving claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Law will be brought in Federal 
District Court in Maryland. 
3. 
Statute of Limitations. Any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and 
Disclosure Law must be brought within three years after the grant of the franchise. 
4. 
Provisions  Amended. Background paragraph 4 and Sections 20.3 (a) and (b), 20.4.2 and 20.7 
of the Franchise Agreement are hereby deleted in their entirety and replaced with the following language: 
“[Intentionally Deleted]”. 
5. 
NASAA Legend.  No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a 
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) 
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the 
franchisor.  This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the 
franchise. 
6. 
Construction.  In all other respects, the Franchise Agreement will be construed and enforced 
with its terms.   
FRANCHISEE: 
FRANCHISOR:  
YESCO FRANCHISING LLC 
By: 
By: 
Its: 
Its: 
Date: 
 
Date: 
 
