YESCO 2025 FDD
D-14 
NORTH DAKOTA ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
YESCO FRANCHISING LLC 
The Securities Commissioner has held certain provisions in franchise agreements to be unfair, unjust or 
inequitable to North Dakota franchises (Section 51-19-09, N.D.C.C.).  If any of the following provisions are in 
these franchise documents, the provisions may not be enforceable: 
1.
The North Dakota Securities Commissioner has determined that it is unfair and unequitable under the 
North Dakota Franchise Investment Law for the franchisor to require the franchisee to sign a general 
release upon renewal of the Franchise Agreement.  Therefore, the requirement that the franchisee signs a 
release upon renewal of the Franchise Agreement is deleted from Item 17c. and from any other place it 
appears in the Disclosure Document or in the Franchise Agreement. 
2.
Item 17r. is revised to provide that covenants not to compete, such as those mentioned in Item 17r. of the 
Disclosure Document are generally considered unenforceable in the state of North Dakota. 
3.
Any references in the Disclosure Document and in the Franchise Agreement and to any requirement to 
consent to a waiver of exemplary and punitive damages are deleted. 
4.
Any references in the Disclosure Document and in the Franchise Agreement to any requirement to consent 
to a waiver of trial by jury are deleted. 
6. Any claims arising under the North Dakota franchise law will be governed by the laws of the State of North 
Dakota.   
7. The prevailing party in any enforcement action is entitled to recover all costs and expenses, including 
attorneys’ fees.   
8.
Any references in the Disclosure Document and in the Franchise Agreement requiring franchisee to 
consent to termination penalties or liquidated damages are deleted. 
9.
Any reference in the Disclosure Document requiring the franchisee to consent to a limitation of claims is 
deleted. The statute of limitations under North Dakota law applies. 
10. The North Dakota Securities Commissioner has determined that it is unfair, unjust, or inequitable under 
the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law for the franchisor to require the franchisee to consent to the 
jurisdiction of courts located outside of North Dakota or to arbitration or mediation at a site that is remote 
from the site of the franchisee’s business.  Therefore, any references in Item 17(v) of the Disclosure 
Document and any requirement in the Franchise Agreement that the franchisee consents to the jurisdiction 
of courts located outside of North Dakota or to arbitration or mediation at a site located outside of North 
Dakota are deleted. 
11. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with 
the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any 
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor.  This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
