YESCO 2025 FDD 
8 
your business bank operating account, which may be necessary to assist in or accomplish payment by 
this method.  Under this procedure you shall authorize us to initiate debit entries and/or credit 
correction entries to a designated checking or savings account for payments of fees, interest and/or 
other amounts payable to us.  You shall make the funds available to us for withdrawal by electronic 
transfer no later than the payment due date. 
NOTES: 
(1)
The term “Gross Revenue” means the total aggregate amount of the total sales and receipts from 
the sales of all services and goods whether or not actually collected by you or by us, whether for 
cash, check, or credit, bartered or otherwise, at, from or in connection the Business or the Marks.  
Gross Revenue excludes any federal, state or municipal or other sales tax or any similar tax on the 
supply of goods and services collected from customers at the point of sale and paid by you to 
appropriate tax authorities. YESCO has the right to modify the royalty fee structure for any successor 
term. 
(2)
Beginning with the Extended Successor Term of each Successor Franchise Agreement entered into 
under the Early Renewal Program, royalty due under that individual agreement will be calculated 
monthly on a tiered basis as follows: 
If the Monthly Gross Revenue for a given 
Successor Franchise Agreement Territory is 
between: 
Then the corresponding monthly 
Royalty for that Successor 
Franchise Agreement is: 
Tier 0
$0 
and 
$41,666 
6% 
Tier 1
$41,667 
and 
$62,500 
4% 
Tier 2
or if it is greater 
than 
$62,501+ 
2% 
To be eligible for a reduction in monthly royalties as set forth in the table above, you must have reported 
your Gross Revenue under each Successor Franchise Agreement by the 5th calendar day after the 
end of each month, and be in compliance with your obligations under all existing franchise 
agreements between you and us (including, without limitation, compliance with territory restrictions, 
chart of account requirements, payments due and owing to us and/or YFS, and insurance 
requirements).  If you fail to meet the preceding conditions, your monthly royalty due under all of 
the Successor Franchise Agreements will be 6% of aggregate Gross Revenue for all such agreements 
in effect during that month.  In addition, if the aggregate monthly royalty due under all of your 
Successor Franchise Agreements for any given month is less than the number of all Successor 
Franchise Agreements in effect between you and us multiplied by $1,000 (the “Minimum Royalty 
Fee”), then you agree to pay the Minimum Royalty Fee for that month. 
(3)
You must spend at least $1,000 to advertise and market the start-up (“Grand Opening”) of your 
Business.  We must approve of the advertising used in this program, which will include an email 
campaign and direct mailing campaign to a list of business professionals in the Territory, as well as 
print media local advertising.  Such expenditures are in addition to, not in lieu of, other advertising 
requirements described in this Disclosure Document and the Manuals.  
(4)
Upon 30 days’ written notice, we can require you to contribute up to 3% of your Gross Revenue to 
our National Advertising Fund (“National Advertising Fund”).  The amount you contribute 
(“National Advertising Fee”) is payable monthly together with and in the same manner as 
Royalties. The combined National Advertising Fee and Local Advertising Fee (referenced below 
under Note 5) will not exceed 3% of Gross Revenue. 
