YESCO 2025 FDD 
25 
Computer Equipment 
You will be required to purchase the following computer and related electrical equipment in order to 
operate your Business: 
a. 
A laptop computer from any manufacturer with the ability to operate the latest Windows 
personal computer operating system, Google G Suite Basic Edition as well as our software solutions. 
b. 
Each of the following: a high speed printer and copier and scanner; 
c. 
Cable, DSL or T-1 Internet Access;  
d. 
A smart mobile phone that has the ability to send and receive email remotely, take pictures, 
provide location information services, and that has access to the Internet. The device must be one of the devices 
on our approved device list, if have a then-current approved device list. 
e. 
A smart mobile phone with the latest version of the Android or iOS operating systems and 
the data feature enabled.  This phone will be used for the sign patrol process and can be the smart mobile 
phone listed in item (d.)  It is required that this phone has installed on it the Servizio MobileSM Applications.   
f. 
An electronic tablet or smart mobile phone with the latest version of the Android or iOS 
operating systems that has the data feature enabled.  This will be used for the ServizioSM Application. 
g. 
QuickBooks Online (QBO – Plus or Advanced) accounting software. 
The cost to purchase this hardware and software if required may be between $1,000 and $8,500 and may 
require ongoing service charges.  You will be required to maintain the software with all patches and material 
upgrades that may come from the manufacturer of the software.  The annual cost for optional or required 
maintenance, updating, upgrading and support ranges from $0 to $1,000, including Internet service provider fees.  
We will have independent access to the information and data generated by and stored in your computer 
system, your accounting system, the YESCO Software, and your “yesco.com” email accounts and we reserve 
the right to use such information and data in any way we choose, at our discretion, to benefit the System. You 
are responsible to pay for the data storage space that your data utilizes on the enterprise software systems.  
Currently the storage rate is twenty-five cents per gigabyte per month. 
We do not now, but may in the future require you to purchase from us or our Affiliates proprietary 
software for use in the business.  We will notify you in writing of this, and you will have a reasonable time (not 
to exceed 60 days) within which to purchase and install such software. 
We have the right at any time to change or substitute hardware or software at your expense, however 
we will not require you to purchase a new computer more often than once every two years. 
Location Selection 
You may operate the business out of your home or industrial or commercial office space.  Home-based 
offices are acceptable for start-up purposes only (not to exceed six months), unless authorized in writing by us.  
We do not select or approve the site for the office, however, the location must present a professional image 
and must be located in your Territory and we have the right at any time to inspect the office to insure that it 
meets these minimum specifications.  If it does not, we reserve the right to require you to make the changes 
necessary to meet these specifications.  If you are allowed to put up signage, the signs must contain only our 
Marks.  We will not own the premises or lease it to you. 
