YESCO 2025 FDD 
5 
ITEM 4 
BANKRUPTCY 
No bankruptcy information is required to be disclosed in this Item.  
ITEM 5 
INITIAL FEES 
The initial franchise fee (“Franchise Fee”) is typically $50,000.  If you are a qualifying, existing 
franchisee in good standing and are purchasing your second or subsequent YESCO business, we may offer you 
an opportunity to secure additional territory through our area development program.  As of the issuance date of 
this Disclosure Document, our reduced Franchise Fee under this program ranges from $25,000 to $50,000.  We 
have the right, however, to periodically decrease or increase the amount of any reduced Franchise Fee, or how 
we calculate it, and to discontinue our multiple business development program or any arrangements we negotiate.   
The Franchise Fee must be paid in full in one lump sum, by wire transfer, when you sign the Franchise 
Agreement.  Once you have signed the Franchise Agreement, no portion of the Franchise Fee is refundable to 
you, except in the event we determine that you are not qualified to manage the Business as outlined in Note #3 
of ITEM 7.  In that circumstance, we will refund 40% of the Franchise Fee, after payment of any fees or 
commissions that are not refundable.  As described in ITEM 10, we or our Affiliate, YFS, may finance up to 
66.67% of the Franchise Fee, 100% of Successor Franchise Fee due if you renew your Franchise Agreement 
under the Standard Renewal Program or Early Renewal Program, or the purchase of trucks or working capital 
relating to your Business.  In connection with such financing, you will be assessed an origination fee not to 
exceed $350. 
Before you open for business, you must subscribe to our Internet site and enterprise software and 
email systems and are responsible for fees, which will, among other things, provide you with “yesco.com” email 
addresses for each employee and your contact information, on our Internet site, that provides the address, 
phone number, fax number and email address for your Business office in the Territory.  Currently, we do not 
charge for the subscription for the enterprise email system, but reserve the right to right to charge you a 
nonrefundable fee of up to $150 per email user and per archived email account per year.   
During our 2024 fiscal year (January 1, 2024, to December 31, 2024), YESCO franchisees paid us initial 
fees ranging from $25,000 to $50,000.  Franchisees that paid us less than $50,000 in initial fees during our 2024 
fiscal year generally were participants in our area development program.  
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank.] 
