© 2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved. 
Page | ERA-3
Successor Franchise terms in the Renewal Franchise Agreement are replaced with this single, 
10-year Successor Term. 
4.2.
Expiration of the Extended Successor Term 
At the end of the Extended Successor term, you will have the option to participate in 
the then-current Early Renewal Program if you qualify to do so; if you do not so qualify, you 
will have the right to renew each Successor Franchise Agreement(s) for two additional five-
year terms according to the terms and conditions set forth in Section 6.2 of each Renewal 
Franchise Agreement. 
4.3.
Tiered Royalty Fees 
The Royalty Fees for each Renewal Franchise Agreement will be calculated monthly 
based on a tiered basis for each individual Successor Franchise Agreement as follows: 
If the Monthly Gross Revenue for a given Renewal 
Franchise Agreement Territory is between: 
Then the corresponding monthly 
Royalty Fee for that Renewal 
Franchise Agreement is: 
Tier 0 
 
$0 
and 
 
$41,666 
6% 
Tier 1 
 
$41,667 
and 
 
$62,500 
4% 
Tier 2 
or if it is greater than 
$62,501+ 
2% 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (i) you fail to report your Gross Revenue for any 
Successor Franchise Agreement by the 5th calendar day after the end of the month, or if (ii) you 
are not in compliance with your obligations under any franchise agreement between you and 
us (including, without limitation, compliance with Territory restrictions, chart of account 
requirements, payments due and owing to us and/or YESCO Financial Solutions, and 
insurance requirements), you agree to pay a flat 6% Royalty Fee on the aggregate Gross 
Revenue for all Successor Franchise Agreement(s) in effect during that month. In addition, if 
the aggregate Royalty Fees for any given month are less than the number of all Franchise 
Agreement(s) in effect between you and us multiplied by $1,000 (the “Minimum Royalty 
Fee”), then you agree to pay the Minimum Royalty Fee for that month. 
4.4.
Waiver of Initial Franchise Obligations 
So long as you are compliant with your obligations under the Current Franchise 
Agreement(s), you have no obligation to fulfill the following initial commencement 
obligations: (i) payment of the Initial Franchise Fee; (ii) purchasing an Office Branding 
Package; (iii) purchasing a sign; and (iv) any obligations in connection with a Grand Opening, 
including incurring Grand Opening advertising expenditures. Your Office must be open on 
the Effective Date of the applicable Renewal Franchise Agreement(s) and we waive our right 
to approve the commencement of your operations. You agree that we have no obligation to 
provide the services set forth in Section 7.2 of the Renewal Franchise Agreement(s). 
