YESCO 2025 FDD
D-8 
MINNESOTA ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
YESCO FRANCHISING LLC 
As a supplement to the information disclosed in this disclosure document, the following additional 
paragraphs are added: 
1. 
Minnesota considers it unfair to not protect the franchisee’s right to use the trademarks as 
described in Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.12, Subd.1(g).  We will indemnify you for damages for which you 
are held liable in any proceeding arising out of the use of the “YESCO” mark, provided you have used the 
Marks properly and have notified us of any claim against you within 10 days of your knowledge of the claim.  
We will have sole control of any litigation involving the Marks.  Our indemnification obligation will not apply 
to any franchisee residing outside the state of Minnesota who purchases a franchise to be located outside of 
Minnesota. 
2. 
Any release executed in connection with the Franchise Agreement shall not apply to any claims 
arising under Minnesota Statutes 1973 Supplement, Sections 80C.01 to 80C.22, providing that a franchisee 
cannot be required to assent to a release, assignment, or waiver that would relieve any person from liability 
imposed by such statutes; provided, however that this shall not bar the voluntary settlement of disputes. Item 
17(c) and 17(m) are revised to provide that we cannot require you to sign a release of claims under the Minnesota 
Franchise Act as a condition to renewal or assignment. 
3. 
With respect to the franchises governed by Minnesota law, we will comply with Minnesota 
Statute Sec. 80C.14, subdivisions 3, 4 and 5 which require, except in certain specific cases, that we give you 90 
days’ notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) and 180 days’ notice for non-renewal of the franchise 
agreement, and that consent to the transfer of the franchise not be unreasonably withheld. 
4. 
Minnesota Statute Sec. 80C.21 and Minnesota Rule 2860.4400J prohibit us from requiring 
litigation to be conducted outside Minnesota, requiring waiver of a jury trial or requiring the franchisee to 
consent to liquidated damages, termination penalties or judgment notes.  In addition, nothing in the disclosure 
document or Franchise Agreement can abrogate or reduce any of your rights as provided for in Minnesota 
Statutes, Chapter 80C, or your rights to a jury trial or any procedure, forum, or remedies provided for by the 
laws of the jurisdiction. Those provisions also provide that no condition, stipulation or provision in the 
Franchise Agreement will in any way abrogate or reduce any of your rights under the Minnesota Franchises 
Law, including, if applicable, the right to submit matters to the jurisdiction of the courts of Minnesota. 
5. 
In the event you breach or threaten to breach any of the terms of this Agreement, we may 
seek an injunction restraining such breach and/or to a decree of specific performance, without showing or 
proving any actual damage, together with recovery of reasonable attorneys’ fees and other costs incurred in 
obtaining said equitable relief, until such time as the Court makes a final decision.  The Court will determine if 
a bond is required.  
6. 
Item 13 is revised to include the following language: 
“To the extent required by the Minnesota Franchise Act, we will protect your rights 
to use the trademarks, service marks, trade names, logo types or other commercial 
symbols related to the trademarks or indemnify you from any loss, costs or expenses 
arising out of any claim, suit or demand regarding the use of the trademarks, provided 
you are using the names and marks in accordance with the Franchise Agreement.” 
7. 
Any action pursuant to Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.17, Subd. 5 must be commenced no 
more than three years after the cause of action accrues. 
