YESCO 2025 FDD 
23 
we may provide you with recommended safety training materials, you agree that the obligation to provide all 
necessary safety training to your employees lies solely with you. 
Advertising 
As of the issuance date of this Disclosure Document, we currently do not operate a National 
Advertising Fund for the United States or Canada.  If established, the National Advertising Fund will be utilized 
to market and enhance the products and services provided by YESCO® Businesses across large geographic 
areas or targeted to customers or potential customers with a national presence.  
We have the right to establish and operate separate National Advertising Funds for the United States 
and Canada, or a National Advertising Fund that is for both the United States and Canada.  Upon 30 days’ 
written notice to you, we may require you to participate in a separate National Advertising Fund for the United 
States or in a National Advertising Fund that is for both the United States and Canada, or to switch from one 
of these National Advertising Funds to the other.  You will not, however, be required to participate in more 
than one National Advertising Fund at the same time.  YESCO® businesses owned by us or our Affiliates in 
the United States and Canada will contribute to any National Advertising Funds we establish at the same 
respective amount as similarly situated franchised YESCO® businesses in the United States and Canada based 
on Gross Revenue for all products and services described in Section 10.2.2 of the Franchise Agreement.  If at 
any time we decrease the rate of the National Advertising Fees franchised YESCO® businesses in the United 
States and Canada pay us, we have the right to make a similar respective decrease to the rate YESCO® 
businesses owned by us or our Affiliates in the United States and Canada contribute to the applicable National 
Advertising Fund.
Upon our 30-day written notice, you must pay us up to 3% of your Gross Revenue into the applicable 
National Advertising Fund as the National Advertising Fee.  The National Advertising Fee will be due at the 
same time that the Royalty is due.  The National Advertising Fees will be placed in an interest bearing checking 
account, savings account, or any other account of our determination.  Any monies not used in any year will be 
carried to the next year.  The National Advertising Fund will be administered by us at our sole discretion and 
may be used by us for all advertising expenditures reasonably intended to benefit some or all franchisees, 
including the cost of formulating, developing, and implementing marketing, advertising and promotional 
campaigns and materials and any other activities we determine, and for the payments to us or our Affiliates of 
costs related to administering the National Advertising Fund such as reasonable salaries and benefits paid to 
our and our Affiliates’ employees, accounting expenses, administrative costs, costs allocated to any conferences, 
travel expenses, and overhead, payments to us or our designated website programmers for expenses related to 
maintenance of our website or websites, and payments to us or our Affiliates or designees for market research, 
surveys and testing, and for secret shopper programs. 
We make no guarantee to you or to any other franchisee that advertising expenditures from the 
National Advertising Fund will benefit you or any other franchisee directly or on a pro rata basis.  We will 
assume no other direct or indirect liability or obligation to you with respect to collecting amounts due to the 
National Advertising Fund or with respect to maintaining, directing or administering the National Advertising 
Fund.  We have no obligation to spend any amount on advertising in your Territory.  Notwithstanding the 
above, if we establish and operate a separate National Advertising Fund for the United States, we will use 
National Advertising Fees paid to that Fund for advertising expenditures reasonably intended to benefit some 
or all franchisees located in the United States. 
We reserve the right, upon 30 days’ prior written notice to you, to allocate all or a portion of the 
National Advertising Fund to a regional advertising program for the benefit of Businesses located within a 
particular region.  We have the right to determine the composition of all geographic territories and market areas 
for the implementation of such regional advertising and promotion campaigns and to require that you 
participate in such regional advertising programs as and when they may be established by us.  If a regional 
