© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |52
goodwill, and time and effort spent by us in creating the Marks, the System, the YESCO® Software, 
and the Confidential Information.  You acknowledge and agree that we would not have shared the 
System and Confidential Information with you unless you agreed to be bound by the terms of this 
ARTICLE 17. 
17.6.2 You further represent that you have skills of a general and specific nature and 
have other opportunities, or will have other opportunities, to use such skills, and that the enforcement 
of these covenants will not unduly deprive you of the opportunity to earn a living. 
17.6.3 For purposes of interpretation of the covenants found in this ARTICLE 17, 
every location of a Business, every month of time, each mile of distance, or any other restriction shall 
be considered severable.  In the event a court of competent jurisdiction interprets a spatial, temporal, 
or other limitation in any of the above restrictive covenants to be overly broad, then the court shall 
adjust the offending limitation, in the most limited manner possible, so as to fashion a reasonably 
enforceable covenant which upholds the restrictive nature of this ARTICLE to the fullest extent of the 
law. 
17.6.4 If you are a business entity of any nature and are otherwise not signing this 
Agreement individually, this ARTICLE 17 will apply to your Principal Operator and Principal Owners 
and all other owners, and all entities under common control with you, as well as all those acting in 
active consent or participation with you. 
ARTICLE 18 
DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
18.1
Resolution Before Litigation 
The Parties acting on behalf of their respective officers, directors, shareholders, members, 
managing members, and any holder of an equitable interest in any limited liability entity, as well as 
their agents, servants, employees, and all others participating with them believe that it is important to 
resolve any disputes amicably, quickly, cost effectively, and professionally and to return to business as 
soon as possible.  The Parties agree that the provisions of this ARTICLE 18 support these mutual, 
practical business objectives, and, therefore, agree as follows:   
18.1.1
Except as described below, any litigation, claim, dispute, suit, action, 
controversy, or proceeding of any type whatsoever, including any claim for equitable relief and/or 
where you are acting as a “private attorney general” suing pursuant to a statutory claim, or otherwise, 
between or involving us (and/or any Affiliates of any Party) on whatever theory and/or facts-based, 
will be processed in the following manner:   
(a)
First, the Party complaining and the Party against whom the 
complaint is alleged agree to meet in a face-to-face meeting held within 15 days after any Party gives 
written notice to the other.  In the event that either Party fails to have a face-to-face meeting for any 
reason within 15 days following written notice, then the complaining Party may file an action in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
(b)
Second, if the issues between the Parties cannot be resolved 
within the 15-day time period following written notice, with or without a face-to-face meeting, upon 
