© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |15
any other activities we, in our sole judgment, believe are appropriate to enhance, promote and protect 
the YESCO® brand.  Disbursements may include without limitation payments to us or our Affiliates 
for the expense of administering the National Advertising Fund, including without limitation 
reasonable salaries and benefits paid to our and our Affiliates’ employees, accounting expenses, 
administrative costs, costs allocated to any conferences, travel expenses and overhead.  Disbursements 
also may include payments to us or designated website programmers for expenses relating to the 
maintenance of our website(s), and payments to us or our Affiliates or designees for market research, 
surveys and testing and for secret shopper programs.  
5.2.5
We make no guarantee to you or to any other franchisee that advertising 
expenditures from the National Advertising Fund will benefit you or any other franchisee directly or 
on a pro-rata basis.  We assume no liability or obligation to you with respect to collecting amounts due 
to the National Advertising Fund or with respect to maintaining, directing or administering the National 
Advertising Fund.  We have no obligation to spend any amount on advertising in your Territory.  
Notwithstanding the above, if we establish and operate a separate National Advertising Fund for the 
United States, we will use National Advertising Fees paid to that Fund for advertising expenditures 
reasonably intended to benefit some or all franchisees located in the United States.  The National 
Advertising Fund is not a trust or escrow account, and we have no fiduciary obligations regarding the 
National Advertising Fund. 
5.2.6
Upon your prior written request, we will make available to you, no later than 
120 days after the end of each calendar year, an annual unaudited financial statement for the National 
Advertising Fund for the most recent calendar year.  In addition, we have the right to spend in any 
fiscal year an amount greater or less than the aggregate contributions to the National Advertising Fund 
in that year and we or our Affiliates have the right to make loans to the National Advertising Fund 
bearing interest to cover any deficits of the National Advertising Fund and cause the National 
Advertising Fund to invest any surplus for future use by the National Advertising Fund.  If we or our 
Affiliates make a loan to the National Advertising Fund, we may use any subsequent contributions to 
the National Advertising Fund to pay back the loan and any interest. Once established, we have the 
right to discontinue the National Advertising Fund, but will not do so until all of the monies in the 
National Advertising Fund have been expended or rebated to franchisees on a pro-rata basis.   
5.2.7
We reserve the right, upon 30 days’ prior written notice to you, to allocate all 
or a portion of the National Advertising Fund to a regional advertising program for the benefit of 
franchisees located within a particular region.  We have the right to determine the composition of all 
geographic territories and market areas for the implementation of such regional advertising and 
promotion campaigns and to require that you participate in such regional advertising programs as and 
when we may establish them.  If a regional advertising program is implemented on behalf of a particular 
region, we will only use contributions from franchisees within such region for the particular regional 
advertising program, to the extent reasonably calculable by us.   
5.3
Cap on Required National and Local Advertising Fees 
Although we have the right to require you to spend up to 3% of Gross Revenue on Local 
Advertising Fees and up to 3% of Gross Revenue on National Advertising Fees, the combined amount 
of Local Advertising Fees and National Advertising Fees we will require you to spend will not exceed 
3% of Gross Revenue.  We have the right to determine the allocation of advertising fees amongst 
Local Advertising Fees and National Advertising Fees at any time upon 60 days’ written notice to you. 
