© 2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved. 
Page | ERA-2
4.
We have determined that you are eligible to participate in the Early Renewal Program 
and desire to apply the benefits of the program to the Renewal Franchise Agreement(s). 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises herein, and for other good 
and valuable consideration, the adequacy of which is admitted by you and us, it is agreed as follows: 
AGREEMENTS 
1.
BACKGROUND 
The above background is an integral part of this Addendum and are not merely recitals. 
2.
APPLICABILITY OF THIS ADDENDUM  
The terms of this Addendum amend and supersede the terms and conditions of each and all 
of the Renewal Franchise Agreement(s).
3.
ORIGINAL FRANCHISE AGREEMENT(S) REMAIN IN EFFECT 
Although you are concurrently signing the Renewal Franchising Agreement(s), the Original 
Franchise Agreement(s) remain in full force and effect until the Initial Term, Extended Successor 
Term (defined below), or Successor Franchise term (for each, if there are more than one) expires. If 
more than one Current Franchise Agreement(s) are in effect, each Franchise Agreement will expire 
on the applicable term end date, which may result in one or more Current Franchise Agreement(s) 
expiring at different times than the other Current Franchise Agreement(s). The terms of this 
Addendum will not be effective with respect to any given Renewal Franchise Agreement until the 
corresponding Current Franchise Agreement expires, and the Extended Successor Term (defined 
below) of the corresponding Renewal Franchise Agreement commences. 
4.
SPECIAL 
TERMS 
APPLICABLE 
TO 
RENEWAL 
FRANCHISE 
AGREEMENT(S) 
The Renewal Franchise Agreement(s) are Successor Franchise Agreement(s). Upon the 
commencement of the Extended Successor Term of a Renewal Franchise Agreement term, the 
following terms and conditions supersede any conflicting terms set forth in the Renewal Franchise 
Agreement:  
4.1.
Extended Successor Term 
Pursuant to the Original Franchise Agreement(s), you are entitled to the option of two, 
five-year Successor Franchise terms. Upon the commencement of the applicable Renewal 
Franchise Agreement(s), this Addendum combines both terms into a single 10-year Extended 
Successor Term (the “Extended Successor Term”). All references to the Initial Term and 
