© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |36
email systems, or any intranet, extranet, or enterprise systems may be considered Confidential 
Information, including without limitation access codes and identification codes. 
10.11
Compliance - Local, State and Federal 
You must become familiar with and comply with all applicable laws, ordinances and 
regulations in operating your Business.  You must obtain all licenses, registrations, authorizations or 
other permissions as required under federal, state, city, county and other local governmental laws, 
ordinances and regulations necessary to operate your Business in addition to complying with laws, 
ordinances and regulations that apply to businesses generally.  You will also be required to conform 
to any taxation requirements relating to the Business.  Further, virtually all state and local governments 
will have laws and regulations that require you and your Trades to have licenses necessary to deliver 
the services contemplated herein.  You must abide by all federal, state and local governmental laws 
and regulations regarding the employment or independent contractor status of the Trades.  You must 
comply with all federal, state, and local laws, ordinances and regulations relating to site location and 
building construction, waste management, health, sanitation and safety, including without limitation 
occupational safety laws, and the environment, including without limitation environmental laws 
relating to the collection and disposal of hazardous waste, such as lighting devices.  You must comply 
with all federal, state, and local laws, ordinances and regulations relating to advertising, the collection, 
storage and use of email addresses, privacy, data security, data protection, direct marketing, consumer 
protection, and workplace privacy laws, employee and transactional information, payment card 
industry data security standards, wage, hour and employment laws, and other similar and related laws, 
rules, requirements and regulations.
You must continually research and comply with all laws, ordinances and regulations that apply 
to the operation of your Business. 
You must notify us in writing within five days of the commencement of any action, suit, 
proceeding or investigation, and of the issuance of any order, writ, injunction, award of decree, by any 
court, agency, or other governmental instrumentality which may adversely affect the operation or 
financial condition of you or the Business.   
10.12
Employee Training and Safety 
You agree to provide your employees with the technical and other training that is necessary or 
desirable for your employees to successfully perform their responsibilities and to prevent injury, loss, 
or damage to persons or property. You agree to establish a safety program and designate a safety 
representative; both must implement and establish safety measures, policies, standards, and a related 
training program that conform to all applicable rules, regulations, and other lawful requirements 
established to prevent injury, loss, or damage to persons or property. You agree to conduct routine 
training with your employees regarding safety practices, avoiding workplace hazards and injuries, and 
taking precautions to avoid personal injury or property damage. Although we may provide you with 
recommended safety training materials, you agree that the obligation to provide all necessary safety 
training to your employees lies solely with you. 
