YESCO 2025 FDD 
10 
(12)
You must indemnify and hold us harmless against, and reimburse us for, any loss, liability, taxes or 
damages (actual or consequential) and all reasonable costs and expenses of defending any claim 
brought against us or any action in which we are named as a party (including, without limitation, 
reasonable accountants’, attorneys’ and expert witness’ fees, costs of investigation and proof of facts, 
court costs, other litigation expenses and travel and living expenses) which we may incur, or sustain 
by reason or arising from or in connection with your ownership or operation of your Business. 
(13)
After opening the Business, we will provide training (subject to reasonable limitations prescribed by 
us as to frequency and time) to any new manager of the Business.  We expect to offer annual training 
sessions.  We have the right to assess reasonable charges for this training.  We have the right to 
require that you and any managers attend supplemental and refresher training programs during the 
term of the Franchise Agreement, to be furnished at the time and place we designate.  We currently 
charge $800 per day for any additional training sessions held at our corporate offices in Salt Lake 
City, Utah and $800 per day plus travel reimbursement for additional training sessions that may be 
held at your Business.   
(14)
If your Business at any time is not being managed by you or your manager (who has successfully 
completed the training program) we are authorized, but are not required, to immediately appoint a 
manager to maintain the operations of the Business for and on your behalf.  We have the right to 
charge a reasonable fee for such management services and to cease to provide such management 
services at any time.  We estimate the cost of management services to be approximately 5 – 10% of 
monthly Gross Revenue.  In the case of your death or permanent disability, we are authorized, but 
not required, to immediately appoint a manager to maintain operations.  All other conditions outlined 
above apply. 
(15)
You must pay this fee if you elect to have a separate landing page on our website that is unique to 
your Business. 
(16)
You must comply with all policies and procedures we periodically establish regarding operation 
outside of your Territory, as set forth in the Manuals or otherwise in writing.  You acknowledge and 
agree that these policies and procedures may require you to pay compensation and/or fees to us, our 
affiliates and other YESCO® franchisees if you violate them, including but not limited to 
disgorgement of any Gross Revenue received in connection with operation outside of your Territory, 
and reimbursement of our and our affiliates’ administrative costs incurred in connection with your 
failure to comply with our Territory policies and procedures. 
ITEM 7
ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT
YOUR ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT 
Type of Expenditure 
Amount 
Method of 
Payment 
When Due 
To Whom Payments is to 
be Made 
Franchise Fee (1) 
$50,000  
Lump sum 
At signing 
Us 
Rent (2) 
$500 to $5,000 
Monthly 
Before Opening 
Your Landlord 
Rental Improvements (2) 
$0 to $20,000 
Lump sum 
At signing 
Vendors and/or Landlord 
Sign (2) 
$1,500 to $6,000 
Lump Sum 
Before Opening 
Vendors 
Deposits (2) 
$0 to $35,000 
Lump sum 
As incurred 
Utilities and Landlord 
Training Expenses (3) 
$500 to $8,000 
As incurred 
During training 
Airlines, Hotels, 
Restaurants 
