© 2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved. 
Page | ERA-4
4.5.
Successor Franchise Fee 
You agree to pay us a $15,000 Successor Franchise Fee for each Renewal Franchise 
Agreement no later than the date the applicable [First] Extended Successor Term commences. 
5.
DISPUTES 
Any Dispute arising from this Addendum must be resolved in according to the dispute 
resolution provisions set forth in ARTICLE 18 the applicable Current Franchise Agreement or 
Successor Franchise Agreement (including without limitation the provisions relating to mediation, 
litigation, venue and jurisdiction, and governing law and waiver). The prevailing party in any action 
arising under this Addendum is entitled to an award of its attorneys’ fees and costs. 
6.
GENERAL RELEASE 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, you and your successors and assigns release and forever 
discharge us, our successors, assigns, affiliates, directors, officers, owners, and employees, of and from 
any claims, debts, liabilities, demands, obligations, costs, expenses, actions and causes of action of 
every nature, whether known or unknown, vested or contingent, which the you may now or in the 
future own or hold, arising on or before the effective date of this Addendum. 
7.
INTERPRETATION 
Headings in this Addendum shall not be used to interpret the meaning of any provision 
hereunder and otherwise shall be given no legal effect. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have 
the meaning as set for in the applicable Original Franchise Agreement or Successor Franchise 
Agreement, as the case may be. 
8.
MISCELLANEOUS 
Invalidity or unenforceability of one or more provisions in this Addendum shall not affect the 
validity or enforceability of any other provision. No provision in this Addendum is to be construed 
for or against any party because that party drafted such provision.  
Except as modified by this Addendum or any other amendment or addendum signed by you 
and us, each Successor Franchise Agreement remains unmodified. 
[Signatures on following page] 
