YESCO 2025 FDD 
30 
form of Affiliate Services Agreement attached as an exhibit to the Franchise Agreement.  YESCO LLC will pay 
you for such work at the then-current rates less an administrative fee of up to 6% on the amount received from 
any National Lead located within the United States (a “National Lead Admin Fee”). 
If you receive a sales lead for a National Accounts Program Customer facility located within the 
Territory from YESCO LLC and (i) you are unable to service that lead because you are not a qualified 
participant in the National Accounts Program (or we or YESCO LLC have disqualified you from participating 
in it), (ii) you reject or fail to pursue that lead, or fail to properly provide requested services to that lead (even 
though you are a qualified participant in the National Accounts Program), or (iii) if a customer specifically 
requests that YESCO LLC or another YESCO franchisee or subcontractor service that lead, YESCO LLC has 
the right to service, or license or allow others (including without limitation other YESCO franchisees and 
subcontractors located within or outside of the Territory) to service that lead in your Territory. 
Other Lead Referrals 
As of the issuance date of this Disclosure Document, the following applies to non-National Accounts 
Program Customer leads, except for those described in the paragraph above.  You may refer non-National 
Accounts Program Customer leads to other franchisees, or to us or our Affiliates (as applicable) for potential 
sign and lighting service and maintenance work outside your Territory if the work is in the territory of another 
franchisee, us or our Affiliate.  You also may receive non-National Accounts Program Customer leads from 
other franchisees, or from us or our Affiliates (as applicable) for potential sign and lighting service and 
maintenance work within your Territory.  If we or our Affiliates generate a non-National Accounts Program 
Customer lead within your Territory, we will refer that sales lead to you at no charge.  Similarly, you agree not 
to charge a fee if you refer a non-National Accounts Program Customer lead to us or our Affiliates.  You may, 
however, negotiate the receipt or payment of lead fees for the referral of non-National Accounts Program 
Customer leads between you and other franchisees in accordance with this paragraph.   
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, we have the right, upon 30 days’ written notice to you, to 
periodically develop, modify and discontinue voluntary or mandatory lead referral programs, which may require 
the payment of lead fees, through the Operations Manual or otherwise.  You acknowledge and agree that you 
will participate in any mandatory lead referral programs we develop.  You also acknowledge and agree that we 
have the right to develop different lead referral programs for YESCO businesses located in the United States 
(as opposed to YESCO businesses located in Canada and other countries) to take into account country-specific 
conditions, like the economy, culture, product and service availability and customs. 
If you receive any Customer facility located within the Territory from us or our Affiliates or another 
YESCO franchisee and (i) you reject or fail to pursue that lead within a time frame we determine, (ii) you fail to 
properly provide requested services to that lead, (iii) you do not have the qualifications or resources to properly 
provide requested services to that Lead, or (iv) if a customer specifically requests that we or another YESCO 
franchisee, an Affiliate, or subcontractor service that Lead, we have the right to service, or license or allow others 
(including without limitation other YESCO franchisees not located within the Territory, our Affiliates, and third 
party subcontractors located within or outside the Territory) to service that lead in your Territory. 
There is no guaranty that you will receive any sales leads from us, our Affiliates or our franchisees, or 
if you receive a sales lead that it will result in the generation of Gross Revenue.  Further, we do not guaranty 
the number or frequency of any such sales leads, and one franchisee may receive more sales leads than another 
franchisee. 
