YESCO 2025 FDD 
1 
ITEM 1 
THE FRANCHISOR, AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS, AND AFFILIATES 
To simplify the language in this Disclosure Document, “we,” or “us,” means YESCO Franchising 
LLC, the franchisor, and “you” means the person or entity that buys the franchise.  If an entity is the Franchisee, 
“you” includes the Franchisee’s owners. 
The Franchisor, Any Parents, and Its Predecessors and Affiliates 
We are a Utah limited liability company, formed on December 20, 2010, and we conduct business 
under the following names: YESCO Franchising LLC, YESCO Franchising and YESCO.  We do not conduct 
business under any other name.  We maintain a principal office address at 2401 Foothill Drive, Salt Lake City, 
Utah 84109.  Our telephone number is 801.464.4600. 
We have no predecessors.  Our affiliates are YESCO LLC (“YESCO LLC”), YESCO Financial 
Solutions LLC (“YFS”), and YESCO Administration LLC (“YESCO Administration”), all Utah limited 
liability companies (“US Affiliates”), and YESCO Canada ULC (“YESCO Canada”), an unlimited liability 
company formed in the Province of British Columbia, Canada (YESCO Canada and US Affiliates collectively 
referred to as “Affiliates”).  Our Managing Member is Young Electric Sign Company (“Young”), a Utah 
corporation.  Our US Affiliates and Young’s mailing address is 2401 Foothill Drive, Salt Lake City, Utah 84109.  
YESCO Canada’s mailing address is 65 Cascade St, Hamilton, Ontario L8E 3B7, Canada.  Except as described 
below, neither our Affiliates nor Young have ever engaged in a business similar to the YESCO businesses we 
are franchising or offered franchises for any product or service.   
Other than as described above, we have no parents, predecessor or affiliates that must be disclosed in 
this Disclosure Document.   
Our agent for service of process in your state is disclosed in Exhibit A. 
Prior Business Experience of Franchisor and its Affiliates 
YESCO LLC and Young have developed a system for establishing, operating, and marketing a sign 
and lighting service and maintenance business (the “System”) under the YESCO service mark and other 
trademarks, service marks and trade names (the “Marks”).  YESCO LLC currently operates 42 businesses in 
the United States similar to the YESCO businesses we franchise.  These businesses are referred to as 
“Company-Owned Businesses” in ITEM 20, and as “affiliate-owned businesses” throughout the rest of this 
Disclosure Document.  Our Affiliate, YESCO Administration owns the YESCO Software and the Marks and 
has licensed us the right to use and license others to use the YESCO Software, as well as other Marks as 
described in ITEM 13.
We began offering and selling YESCO franchises in the United States in March 2011, and began 
offering and selling YESCO franchises in Canada in February 2012.   
Pursuant to an Asset Purchase Agreement between us and YESCO Canada dated July 1, 2020 
(“Purchase Agreement”), we sold to YESCO Canada substantially all of the assets we used in the operation 
of our YESCO business in Canada, including without limitation the franchise agreements with all of our then-
existing YESCO franchisees in Canada.  As a result of the Purchase Agreement, as of July 1, 2020, YESCO 
Canada became the franchisor of the YESCO system in Canada, while we remain the franchisor of the YESCO 
system in the United States and elsewhere. 
