© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |6
you in the United States, (ii) is not within a territory that already has been assigned to another franchisee, 
us or our Affiliates, (iii) does not require the use of a subcontractor, and (iv) does not require one-way 
travel time in excess of three hours. 
You must comply with all policies and procedures we periodically establish regarding 
operation outside of your Territory, as set forth in the Manuals or otherwise in writing.  You 
acknowledge and agree that these policies and procedures may require you to pay compensation 
and/or fees to us, our affiliates and other YESCO® franchisees if you violate them.   
2.3.4
The license for the Territory granted to you under this Agreement is personal 
in nature.  Except as stated in this Section 2.3, the license granted to you under this Agreement does 
not include the right to offer or sell any services or products identified by the Marks, or any other 
names, trademarks, service marks, logos or other commercial symbols outside the Territory, or through 
any “other channels of distribution” or “other methods of distribution” (as described in Section 2.4) 
within or outside the Territory.   
2.3.5
Except to the extent you may subcontract certain services you provide to your 
customers in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, you may not subfranchise or sublicense any 
of your rights under this Agreement.   
2.3.6
Except as stated in this Section 2.3, there is no exclusive right to any territory, 
and you acknowledge and agree that you do not have any right to exclude, control or impose conditions 
on our development of future franchised, company-owned or Affiliate-owned YESCO® businesses at 
any time or at any location. 
2.4
Reservation of Rights 
We reserve any and all rights not expressly granted to you under this Agreement.  Without 
limiting the preceding sentence, we (for ourselves and our Affiliates) specifically reserve the right, 
from any location at any time, without any compensation to you or any other franchisee and regardless 
of whether it competes with the Business to:   
2.4.1
own and operate, and grant franchises or licenses to others to own and operate, 
YESCO® businesses outside the Territory; 
2.4.2
own and operate, and grant franchises or licenses to others to own and operate, 
YESCO® businesses within the Territory if you fail to meet a TSQ, as further described in Section 2.5, 
or if you fail to pay Royalty Fees when due as described in Section 4.3; 
2.4.3
own and operate, and grant franchises or licenses to others to own and operate, 
any business of any kind, other than a business located within your Territory selling the Authorized 
Products and Services (except as described in Section 2.3.2 or otherwise in this Section 2.4), under the 
Marks or any names, trademarks, service marks, logos and other commercial symbols other than the 
Marks, at any locations within or outside your Territory;  
2.4.4
use the Marks and the System to offer, sell or distribute or grant franchises or 
licenses to others to offer, sell or distribute any products or services (which may be similar to the 
Authorized Products and Services) through any alternate channels of distribution or other methods of 
distribution at any location within or outside of the Territory.  “Other channels of distribution” mean 
