© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |29
responsible for all traveling and living expenses that are associated with attendance at such mandatory 
regional training meetings. 
9.3
Additional Training 
You may also request additional training, although we have the right to decide whether or not 
to provide it to you.  All costs associated with such training will be your responsibility, including any 
fees that we charge to provide such services.  Such services are more fully described in the Manuals, 
as are the current charges that we assess for our services. 
ARTICLE 10 
SYSTEM STANDARDS 
10.1
Records, Inspections and Audits 
10.1.1
You agree to retain all computer records, charge account records, sales slips, 
orders, return vouchers, sales tax reports, and all of your other Business records and related background 
material for at least seven years following the end of the year in which the items were or should have 
been generated.   
10.1.2 You will deliver or provide us access to, in a form and manner and within the 
timeframe we specify, at your expense, reports and other information relating to the operation of the 
Business, including without limitation:  (i) statements relating to Gross Revenue; (ii) upon our request, 
copies of your most recent sales tax return, monthly sales summary after the end of each calendar 
month; (iii) within 15 days of the end of each month, monthly balance sheet and statement of profit 
and loss, including without limitation a summary of your costs for labor, rent and other material cost 
items; (iv) within 90 days following each fiscal year, an annual balance sheet and profit and loss 
statement and all tax returns relating to the Business and each of the Principal Owners; and (v) upon 
our request, all such books and records to verify your Gross Revenue and to separate Gross Revenue 
created from the sale of Authorized Products and Services and Gross Revenue generated from other 
sources as we may require under our audit policies; such other sources include, without limitation, the 
books and records of your affiliates or any entity under common control with you or any Primary 
Owner.  Further, you also must, at your expense, prepare and, upon our request, submit to us, in a 
form and manner and within the timeframe we specify, annual reports and other information, including 
without limitation a detailed balance sheet, profit and loss statement and statement of cash flows for 
such fiscal year, prepared on an accrual basis and containing all adjustments necessary for fair 
presentation of the financial statements.  We may require that these annual financial statements be 
reviewed by a certified public accountant.  You must certify all reports to be true and correct.  You 
agree that we have the right to impose these requirements on you regardless of whether we impose the 
same requirement on our other franchisees.   
10.1.3 We have the right to share any reports, financial statements and other 
information you provide to us with other YESCO® franchisees and to include your financial 
information in our franchise disclosure document.  Except for this right, we will keep your financial 
books, records, reports, financial statements and other information confidential, unless the information 
is:  (i) requested by tax authorities; (ii) used as part of a legal proceeding; or (iii) included in a financial 
performance representation included in our franchise disclosure document.   
