YESCO FRANCHISING LLC  
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 
6 
 
1. 
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND PRACTICES 
 
Description of Business 
 
YESCO Franchising LLC (the Company) is a privately held franchisor and a wholly owned 
subsidiary of Young Electric Sign Company (YESCO), which is the single managing member of 
the Company. The Company was founded in the year 2011 to further develop and franchise the 
service business model of the parent company, YESCO, which has been in business since 1920.  
The Company plans to build a national network of YESCO franchises that provide sign and lighting 
services to local businesses and national customers. The Company’s mission is to provide 
franchisees with the best training, support, technology and materials so they in turn can provide 
their customers with signs and services of the highest quality and the greatest possible value. 
 
Principles of Consolidation 
 
The consolidating financial statements include the accounts of YESCO Canada ULC, which is a 
wholly owned subsidiary of YESCO.  This entity was created in 2020 and all of its operations are 
related to franchising activities in Canada, so they have been consolidated with the Company to 
reflect its full operations.  
 
Cash Equivalents 
 
Cash equivalents consist primarily of money market accounts that have a maturity date at 
acquisition of less than 90 days.  For the purposes of the statement of cash flows, the Company 
considers all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash 
equivalents. 
 
 
Receivables 
 
Trade accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount and may or may not bear interest. 
Management, considering current information and events regarding the borrowers’ ability to repay 
their obligations, considers a receivable to be uncollectible when it is probable that the Company 
will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the agreement.  The 
Company does not accrue interest when a receivable is considered uncollectible.  When a receivable 
is considered to be uncollectible, losses are included in the allowance for doubtful accounts through 
a charge to bad debt expense.  The Company has not and does not intend to sell its receivables. 
 
Property and Equipment 
 
Property and equipment are stated at cost.  Depreciation and amortization are computed using the 
straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset.  Upon retirement or other 
disposition, the cost and related accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from the 
accounts.  The resulting gain or loss is included in other income, net.  Major renewals and 
betterments are capitalized while minor expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to 
expenses as incurred. 
 
