© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |62
has been sent by Registered or Certified Mail, Return Receipt Requested, postage prepaid, or two days 
after it has been placed in the possession of a recognized overnight delivery service which requires a 
written receipt.   
We may communicate with you, either by telephone or electronic means, about various matters 
including communications that might otherwise be prohibited by “do not call/text,” “do not fax” or 
similar laws.  You consent to these communications without the need for any additional consent. 
20.12
Survival of Provisions 
Any provisions that, by their terms, extend beyond termination or expiration of this 
Agreement shall continue in full force and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding the termination 
or expiration of this Agreement. 
20.13
Notice of Potential Profit 
We and/or our Affiliates will periodically make available to you goods, products and/or 
services for use in the Business on the sale of which we and/or our Affiliates may make a profit.  
Further, we and/or our Affiliates may periodically receive consideration from suppliers and/or 
manufacturers in respect to sales of goods, products or services to you or in consideration of services 
rendered or rights licensed to such persons.  The consideration may or may not be related to services 
performed.  You agree that we and/or our Affiliates are entitled to said profits and/or consideration. 
20.14
Governing Language; No Translation Duty 
This Agreement has been negotiated in the English language and the rules of construction and 
definitions of the English language will be applied in interpreting this Agreement.  You represent that 
your Principal Operator and Primary Owner are fluent in English and have consulted with legal 
counsel to the extent necessary to understand the provisions of this Agreement.  The English language 
version of this Agreement will be the official and binding Agreement between the Parties.  All notices 
and communications required or permitted under this Agreement, including without limitation all 
meetings, mediations and litigation pursuant to ARTICLE 18, will be written in the English language.  
In addition, we will provide all services and materials under this Agreement, including without 
limitation the Manuals and all training programs, seminars, conventions, programs and meetings 
described in ARTICLE 9, in the English language and will not have a duty to provide any translation 
or interpreter services for any of your personnel.  You will be solely responsible for the cost of any 
related translation or interpreter services.   
20.15
Guaranty 
Your Principal Owners and their respective spouses must sign the Guaranty of Franchisee’s 
Obligations, which is attached as Exhibit F, at the same time as you deliver this Agreement.  You must 
not commence operation of the Business before we have received these documents.  Any person or 
entity that at any time after the Effective Date of this Agreement becomes a Principal Owner (or a 
spouse of a Principal Owner) must sign the Guaranty of Franchisee’s Obligations, which is attached 
as Exhibit F.  In addition, any other person we designate, including without limitation any person who 
co-signed a loan or was involved in obtaining financing for the Business, also must sign the Guaranty 
of Franchisee’s Obligations.  In connection with the Guaranty of Franchisee’s Obligations, we have 
the right to require you to provide us with additional information, including without limitation loan 
