YESCO 2025 FDD
D-15 
NORTH DAKOTA ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
YESCO FRANCHISING LLC 
This Addendum relates to franchises sold in North Dakota and is intended to comply with North 
Dakota statutes and regulations.  In consideration of the execution of the Franchise Agreement, we and you 
agree to amend the Franchise Agreement as follows: 
1.
Covenant Not to Compete.  Section 17.2 of the Franchise Agreement is amended to provide 
that covenants not to compete upon termination or expiration of the Franchise Agreement may be 
unenforceable, except in certain circumstances provided by law.   
2.
Waiver. Any references in the Franchise Agreement and to any requirement to consent to a 
waiver of exemplary and punitive damages are deleted.  
3.
Liquidated Damages. Any reference in the Disclosure Document requiring franchisee to 
consent to termination penalties or liquidated damages is deleted 
4.
Release. The North Dakota Securities Commissioner has determined that it is unfair and 
unequitable under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law for the franchisor to require the franchisee to 
sign a general release upon renewal of the Franchise Agreement.  Therefore, the requirement that the franchisee 
signs a release upon renewal of the Franchise Agreement is deleted from any place it appears in the Franchise 
Agreement. 
5.
Jury Trial.  Any references in the Franchise Agreement to any requirement to consent to a 
waiver of trial by jury are deleted. 
6.
Arbitration, Mediation. Pursuant to the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, the site of 
arbitration or mediation shall be agreeable to all parties and may not be remote from your place of business.” 
7.
Governing Law. Any claims arising under the North Dakota franchise law will be governed 
by the laws of the State of North Dakota.   
8.
Venue.  To the extent North Dakota laws prohibit a franchisor from requiring a North Dakota 
franchisee to litigate outside North Dakota, Sections 18.2.1 and 18.4 of the Franchise Agreement are amended 
to provide that any litigation involving claims arising under the North Dakota franchise law will be brought in 
federal district court in North Dakota. 
9.
Limitation of Claims.  Any reference in the Disclosure Document requiring the franchisee to 
consent to a limitation of claims is deleted. The statute of limitations under North Dakota law applies. 
10.
Attorney’s Fees.  The prevailing party in any enforcement action is entitled to recover all costs 
and expenses, including attorneys’ fees 
11.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims 
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor.  This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
