YESCO 2025 FDD
D-2 
ILLINOIS ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
YESCO FRANCHISING LLC 
1. 
The following is inserted at the end of the third state cover page of this disclosure document 
titled “Special Risks to Consider About This Franchise”: 
“The Risk Factors set forth above may be affected by Illinois law, 815 ILCS §§ 705/4 and 
705/41.” 
2. 
Illinois law governs the Franchise Agreement. 
3. 
In conformance with Section 4 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, any provision in a 
franchise agreement that designates jurisdiction and venue in a forum outside of the State of Illinois is void.
However, a franchise agreement may provide for arbitration to take place outside of Illinois 
4. 
Franchisees rights upon termination and non-renewal are set forth in sections 19 and 20 of 
the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act. 
5. 
In conformance with Section 41 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, any condition, 
stipulation or provision purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive compliance with the 
Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act or any other law of Illinois is void. This shall not prevent any person from 
entering into a settlement agreement or executing a general release regarding a potential or actual lawsuit filed 
under the provisions of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, nor shall it prevent the arbitration of any claims 
pursuant to the provisions of Title IX of the United States Code. 
6. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims 
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor.  This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
7. 
Any provision in the Franchise Agreement which terminates the franchise upon the 
bankruptcy of the franchisee may not be enforceable under Title 11, United States Code, Section 101. 
