YESCO 2025 FDD 
34 
Each of your “Principal Owners” (any person who directly or indirectly owns a 5% or greater interest 
in you, as further defined in Section 1.1.9 of the Franchise Agreement) must sign the form Guaranty and 
Assumption of Obligations attached to the Franchise Agreement.  A spouse or future spouse of a Principal 
Owner and any other person we designate, including any person who co-signed a loan or was involved in 
obtaining financing for the Business, must also sign the form Guaranty and Assumption of Obligations attached 
to the Franchise Agreement.  In addition, all of your Principal Owners must sign the Acknowledgment 
Addendum attached to the Franchise Agreement.   
You, your Primary Owner, Principal Operator, Principal Owners, and any other of your owners, 
members, managers, and other employees and agents with access to Confidential Information, including anyone 
who attends our training programs on your behalf, must sign a nondisclosure and confidentiality agreement, in 
a form satisfactory to us.  Further, we require you to obtain from your Primary Owner, Principal Operator, 
Principal Owner, holders of any ownership interest in you, your guarantors, officers, directors, members, 
managers and partners, as the case may be, and your key employees a signed non-competition agreement and/or 
a non-solicitation agreement in a form satisfactory to us.  The nondisclosure and confidentiality agreement you 
sign may be similar to the form included as an exhibit to the Franchise Agreement. 
ITEM 16
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL 
You may only provide those products and services approved by us and may not use the Business, 
Systems, or Marks for any other purposes.  You may offer other services and products not approved only after 
you have obtained our express written permission to do so.  You must only operate within your Territory.  You 
are prohibited from providing any products and services to, or otherwise operating the Business in support of, 
any business that we, in our sole discretion, periodically determine may be detrimental to the goodwill associated 
with the System and the Marks, as further described in the Manuals or otherwise in writing. 
We have the right to add, delete, change, or supplement the types of services that you provide, and 
there are no limits on our right to do so. 
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank.] 
