© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |33
and enhance the reputation and goodwill of the Business and the System.  You must warrant your 
products and services against defects in materials and workmanship for a period of 90 days.  We have 
the right to require you to expand and extend warranty terms. 
10.4
Specifications, Standards and Procedures 
You acknowledge and agree that we have the right to establish quality standards regarding the 
appearance and operation of YESCO® businesses to protect the distinction, goodwill and uniformity 
symbolized by the Marks, the YESCO® Software, and the System.  You also acknowledge and agree 
that each and every detail of the appearance and operation of the Business is important to us and other 
YESCO® businesses.  You agree to maintain the highest standards of quality and service in the 
Business and agree to comply with all mandatory specifications, standards and operating procedures 
(whether contained in the Manuals or any other written or oral communication to you) we periodically 
establish relating to the appearance or operation of a YESCO® business.  We reserve the right to 
periodically modify and add to these specifications, standards and operating procedures, and that you 
are obligated to conform to any mandatory modified or additional specification, standard or operating 
procedure.  You also acknowledge and agree that any required specifications, standards and operating 
procedures exist to protect our interests in the System and the Marks and not for the purpose of 
establishing any control or duty to take control over those matters that are reserved to you. 
10.5
Modification 
We may reasonably change or modify the System, the Manuals, the YESCO® Software, and 
the Marks, and you agree to accept, be bound by, use, implement, and display any such changes to the 
System.  You will make whatever expenditures are reasonably required to implement such changes or 
modifications.  We shall have complete ownership and control of any changes, modifications, 
enhancements, or suggestions, whether made by you or us. 
10.6
Disclosure 
We may disclose, in our disclosure document or otherwise, any information concerning you 
and the Business, including your name, address, telephone number, financial, and other information, 
during the Initial Term, any Successor Franchise Term, Interim Period or after the termination or 
expiration of this Agreement. 
10.7
Variances 
We may approve exceptions to, or changes in, the uniform standards for you or other 
franchisees that we believe are necessary or desirable under particular circumstances.  You have no 
right to object to such variances or to obtain the same variances. 
10.8
Our Right to Operate the Business 
To assure protection of the public, the Marks and System for our benefit and the benefit of 
all other franchisees, you hereby make, constitute and appoint us, or our designee, as your true and 
lawful attorney in fact, with the powers set forth hereafter, which we may exercise if any of the 
following events occurs:  (i) you are indicted for or charges are filed against you alleging that you 
committed a criminal act that could involve imprisonment for more than 30 days; (ii) charges are 
brought by any federal, state or local governmental authority that could affect any license of the 
