YESCO 2025 FDD 
26 
Schedule for Opening 
The typical length of time between signing a Franchise Agreement and opening for a Business is 
approximately 90 days.  Factors affecting this length of time include financing arrangements, property lease 
terms, construction or conversion requirements, and scheduling and completion of the training program. 
You will be required to open for business within 90 days of executing the Franchise Agreement.  We 
may extend the required opening date for a reasonable time (not to exceed 30 days) in the event factors beyond 
your reasonable control prevent you from meeting the deadline, if you request an extension of time from us at 
least 30 days before the beginning of the opening date. 
You must secure all necessary business permits and licenses; purchase or lease and have installed all of 
the equipment required; and obtain and provide evidence of the requisite insurance within the 90-day period 
described in the paragraph immediately above. 
Table of Contents of Manuals 
The Table of Contents of the Manuals is found in Exhibit C to this Disclosure Document.  The 
estimated number of pages devoted to each subject is set forth in Exhibit C.  Each section of the Manuals will 
be provided as a separate electronic page, or series of pages, that may vary in size and number depending on 
the settings you select on your computer. As of the date of this disclosure document, we estimate that the 
Manuals have a total of 283 pages.
ITEM 12 
TERRITORY 
You will be assigned a Territory.  The Territory will be non-exclusive as per Section 2.2.1 of the 
Franchise Agreement.  Your Territory will usually be delineated by County lines, boundary streets, highways, 
city, county, state and/or United States Post Office Zip Code boundaries.  A typical Territory will have 
approximately 10,000 businesses, however, in certain smaller markets the Territory may have a minimum of 
1,000 businesses.  In calculating the approximate number of businesses in your Territory we will rely on the 
“business density” of the particular geographic area.  Business density will be based on 2012 U.S. Census 
information found at www.census.gov for businesses with paid employees within the United States and Puerto 
Rico.  Data is available on businesses at the national, state, and county levels.  The data does not include statistics 
on self-employed businesses, employees of private households or most governmental activities.  In an effort to 
limit the business density of a particular geographic area to only those businesses that are likely to have signage 
and lighting needs, we will eliminate from the total number of businesses within that area the following 
categories from the data: “Admin & support & waste mgmt & remediation svcs, Agriculture, forestry, fishing 
and hunting, mining, quarrying, and oil and gas extraction, industries not classified, and transportation & 
warehousing.” 
While the number of businesses is the primary factor we will use to determine your Territory, we may 
also use other factors, including without limitation, population, economic strength, projected future growth of 
a geographic area, and the number of existing competitors.  Once established, the boundaries of the Territory 
will not be adjusted without our written consent, regardless of whether the number of businesses or the business 
density in the Territory increases or decreases, or other factors relating to the Territory change, over time, and 
we cannot unilaterally modify the Territory during the term of the Franchise Agreement.  You may operate 
your Business only from the location approved according to your Franchise Agreement within your Territory.  
You will not receive an exclusive territory.  You may face competition from other franchises, from businesses 
we and our Affiliates own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control.  You 
may not open or operate another Business or office at any other location inside or outside of your Territory 
