YESCO 2025 FDD 
32 
will continue for the current term of the sublicenses, provided that the franchisees comply with all other terms 
of their franchise agreements.  The License Agreement contains no other limitations.  
You must follow our rules when you use the Marks.  You are prohibited from using any name or Mark 
as part of any corporate name or with any prefix, suffix or other modifying words, terms, designs or symbols 
(other than logos we license to you).  In addition, you may not use any name or Mark in connection with the 
sale of any unauthorized product or service or in any other matter not specifically authorized in writing by us. 
There are presently no effective material determinations of the USPTO, the Trademark Trial and Appeal 
Board, or any state trademark administrator or court; or any pending infringement, opposition, or cancellation 
proceeding respecting the Marks.  In addition, there is no pending material federal or state court litigation 
regarding our or YESCO Administration’s ownership of the Marks.  Other than as described above, there are 
no currently effective agreements that significantly limit our rights to use or license the use of the Marks. 
We have the right to control any administrative proceedings or litigation involving a Mark licensed by 
us to you.  If you learn of any claim against you for alleged infringement, unfair competition, or similar claims 
about the Marks, you must promptly notify us.  We will take the action we deem necessary.  We will not 
indemnify you for any action taken against you by a third party based solely on alleged infringement, unfair 
competition, or similar claims about the Marks.  We have no obligation to defend or indemnify you if the claim 
against you is related to your use of the Marks. 
We have the right to require you to modify or discontinue your use of any of the Marks.  If, we exercise 
this right, you must use the substitute Marks, at your expense, within 20 days after receipt of our written notice. 
There may be infringing uses or superior previous rights that may materially affect your use of the 
Marks in the Territory and said infringement may materially impact the ability of the Business to continue to 
operate as a franchisee. 
ITEM 14 
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION 
We do not own any patents or patent applications that are material to the franchise. 
We do, however, own proprietary rights in a number of trade-secrets, among them being our software 
solutions, all information, knowledge, and know-how not generally known in the sign and lighting service 
business, standards, specifications, systems, procedures and techniques, including our Manuals, the YESCO 
Software, accounting and management techniques and systems.  Any component of the System will be used by 
you only as described in the Franchise Agreement. 
The System for operating a franchised sign and lighting service company is our Affiliate’s proprietary, 
confidential, and trade secret information.  The System includes, but is not limited to: forms, business 
procedures, techniques, the Marks; the manner and method of training that we deliver to you; the software, 
operations and other manuals (“Manuals”); standards and procedures that you will use in the day-to-day 
operation of the Business; the methods you will use for finding Customers and Trades; the persons, 
corporations, or other entities which are, have been, or become our franchisees; the names and other identifying 
information of Trades who will participate in the System; the terms of, and negotiations relating to past or 
current Franchise Agreements; the economic and financial characteristics of the System; and, any copyrighted 
information owned by us or our Affiliates, including this Disclosure Document, the Franchise Agreement, and 
the Manuals.  You must operate in accordance with the System.  The Customer List and Trades List that you 
generate through the operation of the Business are also our sole and exclusive property. 
