© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |53
the agreement of both Parties, the matter may be submitted to non-binding mediation, with each Party 
paying an equally proportionate amount of the cost. Any Party may be represented by counsel and may, 
with permission of the mediator, bring persons appropriate to the proceeding.  The Parties shall agree 
upon the mediator.  If the Parties cannot agree upon the mediator, or any Party is non-responsive to 
requests for mediation after 15 days written notice, then the complaining Party may file an action in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
(c)
If the mediation does not resolve the matter, or if any Party 
refuses to mediate, or fails to cooperate reasonably in mediating, or the Parties are unable to agree to 
mediate within three business days of an offer to mediate then the Parties to the controversy agree that 
the disagreement shall be submitted to and finally resolved by litigation, as set forth in Sections 18.2 
through 18.10. 
18.2
Litigation 
Any dispute not resolved by mediation or other negotiation may only be submitted to a court 
of competent jurisdiction for resolution in accordance with the limitations described in this 
ARTICLE 18.   
18.3
Confidentiality 
The parties to any meeting/mediation/litigation will sign confidentiality agreements, excepting 
only public disclosures and filings as are required by law. 
18.4
Venue and Jurisdiction 
Any meetings or mediations that arise pursuant to Section 18.1.1 will be conducted exclusively 
at a neutral location in Salt Lake County, Utah, unless the Parties mutually agree on another location 
in writing.  Except as described in Section 18.5, any disputes, claims and controversies between the 
Parties not resolved by mediation or other negotiation may only be submitted for resolution to the 
federal or state courts situated in Salt Lake County, Utah, and the Parties hereby irrevocably submit 
to the jurisdiction of these courts.  Notwithstanding the above, if any court determines that this 
provision is unenforceable for any reason, mediation or litigation (and any appeal) will be conducted 
at a location determined by the court, but within the State of Utah. 
18.5
Disputes Not Subject to the Mediation Process 
The following claims are not subject to the mediation and litigation provisions of this 
ARTICLE 18:   
18.5.1 an action for injunctive relief and any related incidental damages; 
18.5.2 an action for disputes or claims related to or based on the Marks or the 
Confidential Information; 
18.5.3 an action arising from your notice of intent to cease operation of the Business; 
18.5.4 an action to enforce any covenant not to compete; and 
