© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |35
readily and continuously available to us.  Your Primary Owner and Principal Operator must attend 
and successfully complete, to our satisfaction, all training we require.   
Your Principal Operator must devote his or her time, best efforts and constant personal 
attention to the day-to-day operation of the Business and must be present at the Office on a daily 
basis, excluding customary personal leave.  In addition, your Principal Operator may not engage in 
any other business or other activity, directly or indirectly, that requires any significant management 
responsibility, time commitments, or that otherwise may conflict with the Principal Operator’s 
obligations.  You acknowledge and agree that the selection of your Principal Operator is an extremely 
important decision and that this person will play a key role in the success of your Business.  If your 
Primary Owner is not also your Principal Operator, your Primary Owner must be present at the Office 
a sufficient number of hours each week, as you determine, to allow your Primary Owner to oversee 
your Principal Operator and the Business.  At all times, the Business must be under the direct 
supervision of your Primary Owner or Principal Operator.   
If at any time the Primary Owner or Principal Operator is not managing the operations of the 
Business on a full-time basis, we have the right to immediately appoint a manager to manage the 
operations of the Business on your behalf.  Our appointment of a manager of the Business does not 
relieve you of your obligations or constitute a waiver of our right to terminate the Agreement under 
ARTICLE 12.  We are not liable for any debts, losses, costs or expenses you incur in operating the 
Business or to any creditor of yours for any products, materials, supplies or services purchased by the 
Business while it is managed by our appointed manager.  We may charge a reasonable fee for 
management services and cease to provide management services at any time. 
10.10
Participation in Websites, Intranet/Extranet Systems or Other Online 
Communications 
You must participate in our designated website(s), enterprise software programs, enterprise 
email systems, and any designated intranet/extranet systems we develop and maintain, including 
related YESCO® Software applications, in accordance with our written standards, which we have the 
right to periodically modify.  We have the right to determine the content and use of our websites and 
any intranet/extranet systems and will establish the rules under which franchisees may or must 
participate.  You may not separately register any domain name containing any of the Marks, and may 
not have a website for the Business other than websites or web pages that may be developed as part 
of our designated websites; if you do so, you will be required to assign such domain names or sites to 
us at no cost to us.  In addition, without our prior written approval, you may not link or frame any of 
our websites, conduct any business or offer to sell or advertise any services or products on the Internet 
(or any other existing or future form of electronic communication) or use any email address which we 
have not authorized for use in operating the Business.  We retain all rights relating to our websites, 
your websites or web pages, and any intranet/extranet systems, including without limitation all rights 
to the data stored therein, and may alter or terminate any of our websites, your websites or web pages, 
or any of our intranet/extranet systems. We also have the right to access, at all times, all information 
and data contained on our websites and email system, including without limitation your separate 
websites or web pages that are part of any of our websites, and any intranet, extranet, or enterprise 
systems. Your general conduct on our websites and email system and any intranet, extranet, or 
enterprise systems or other online communications and specifically your use of the Marks or any 
advertising is subject to the provisions of this Agreement.  You acknowledge and agree that certain 
information related to your participation in our website(s), enterprise software programs, enterprise 
