YESCO 2025 FDD 
19 
protest and demand, delinquency, notice of protest, demand and dishonor, and other notice requirements, and 
you agree that the Note (or any payment) may be extended or subordinated without affecting your liability. 
We or YFS reserves the right to sell, assign or discount to a third party all or part of the Note and you 
may lose all your defenses against the assignee as a result of the sale or assignment.  
Other than as described above, we and our Affiliates do not offer direct or indirect financing.  We do 
not guarantee your note, lease or obligation.   
YESCO® franchisees may be eligible for expedited Small Business Administration (the “SBA”) loan 
processing through the SBA’s Franchise Registry Program, www.franchiseregistry.com.   
ITEM 11 
FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING,  
COMPUTER SYSTEMS, AND TRAINING FRANCHISOR’S OBLIGATIONS 
Except as listed below, we are not required to provide you with any assistance. 
Before you open your Business: 
1. 
You will be assigned a Territory. (Franchise Agreement, Section 2). 
2. 
We will provide you access to all of the Manuals that you will need to operate your Business 
(Franchise Agreement, Section 7.1).  The Manuals are confidential and remain our property.  We may from 
time to time modify the Manuals. 
3. 
We will add your information to our website. (Franchise Agreement, Section 7.2). 
4. 
We will approve your grand opening advertising. (Franchise Agreement, Section 7.2). 
5. 
We will provide you with the initial training described below (Franchise Agreement, Section 
9.1).   
6. 
We have the right to provide you with a list of Approved Suppliers for all equipment, goods, 
and services. (Franchise Agreement, Section 10.2.4).  As of the date of the Disclosure Document, except as 
described in Item 8, we do not directly provide you with any equipment, signs, fixtures, opening inventory, or 
supplies, but reserve the right to do so in the future. 
Continuing Assistance 
During the operation of your Business: 
1. 
We may provide promotional materials and advertising programs from time to time as we 
deem appropriate (Franchise Agreement, Section 5.1). 
2. 
Once established, we will manage and operate the National Advertising Fund.  (Franchise 
Agreement, Section 5.2). 
3. 
We will review all promotional and advertising materials you wish to use.  We must approve 
it in writing no less than 15 calendar days before its use.  If you do not receive written notice within 15 calendar 
days, it is deemed to be disapproved (Franchise Agreement, Section 5.1 and 7.3). 
