YESCO 2025 FDD 
(g) 
A provision which permits a franchisor to refuse to permit a transfer or ownership of a 
franchise, except for good cause.  This subdivision does not prevent a franchisor from exercising a 
right of first refusal to purchase the franchise.  Good cause shall include, but is not limited to: 
(i) 
The failure of the proposed franchisee to meet the franchisor’s then current reasonable 
qualifications or standards. 
(ii) 
The fact that the proposed transferee is a competitor of the franchisor or 
subfranchisor. 
(iii) 
The unwillingness of the proposed transferee to agree in writing to comply with all 
lawful obligations. 
(iv) 
The failure of the franchisor or proposed transferee to remit any sums owing to the 
franchisor or to cure any default in the franchise agreement existing at the time of the proposed 
transfer. 
(h) 
A provision that requires the franchisee to resell to the franchisor items that are not uniquely 
identified with the franchisor.  This subdivision does not prohibit a provision that grants to a 
franchisor a right of first refusal to purchase the assets of a franchise on the same terms and conditions 
as a bona fide third party willing and able to purchase those assets, nor does this subdivision prohibit 
a provision that grants the franchisor the right to acquire the assets of a franchise for the market or 
appraised value of such assets if the franchisee has breached the lawful provisions of the franchise 
agreement and has failed to cure the breach in the manner provided in subdivision (c). 
(i) 
A provision which permits the franchisor to directly or indirectly convey, assign, or otherwise 
transfer its obligations to fulfill contractual obligations to the franchisee unless provision has been 
made for providing the required contractual services. 
The fact that there is a notice of this offering on file with the Attorney General does 
not constitute approval, recommendation, or endorsement by the Attorney General. 
* 
* 
* 
* 
Any questions regarding this notice should be directed to the Department of the Attorney General, 
State of Michigan, 670 Williams Building, Lansing, Michigan 48913, telephone (517) 373-7117. 
THE MICHIGAN NOTICE APPLIES ONLY TO FRANCHISEES WHO ARE 
RESIDENTS OF MICHIGAN OR LOCATE THEIR FRANCHISES IN MICHIGAN. 
