© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |4
1.1.10
“Principal Owner” means any person or entity who directly or indirectly owns 
a 5% or greater interest in you.  If any corporation, limited liability company or partnership, or other 
legal entity other than a partnership is a Principal Owner, a “Principal Owner” also will mean a 
shareholder or owner of a 5% or greater interest in such corporation, limited liability company or 
partnership, or other legal entity.  If a partnership is a Principal Owner, a “Principal Owner” also will 
mean each general partner of such partnership and, if such general partner is a legal entity, each owner 
of a 5% or greater interest in such general partner.  If you are an individual operating as a sole proprietor, 
you are the Principal Owner.  You must have at least one Principal Owner.  Your Principal Owner(s) 
are identified on Exhibit A - Ownership and Management.  As used in this Agreement, any reference 
to Principal Owner includes all Principal Owners. 
1.1.11
“Successor Franchise Agreement” shall mean the franchise agreement that 
you execute in connection with the acquisition of a Successor Franchise, which will consist of our then-
current franchise agreement, as modified by the applicable version of our then-current renewal 
addendum. 
1.1.12
“System” means the YESCO® system, including without limitation all related 
business techniques, software, methods, procedures and technology, services, equipment, supplies, the 
YESCO® Software, the Confidential Information, and the advertising, marketing and sales promotion 
programs and materials we authorize you to use in the operations of the Business, all of the components 
of which we and our Affiliates periodically may change, improve and further develop. 
1.1.13
“Territory” means the geographic area identified in Exhibit B. 
1.1.14
“Trades” means persons or entities that have the necessary skills and 
knowledge required to help you operate the Business and provide the services, skills and work required 
by your customers.  Trades shall include, but not be limited to, carpenters, electricians, mechanics, 
information technology professionals, permitting specialists, bookkeepers, accountants, painters, 
service sales specialists, cleaning service providers and sign patrol specialists. 
1.1.15
“Transfer” means the voluntary, involuntary, direct or indirect assignment, 
sale, gift, or other disposition by you (or any of your direct or indirect owners, if applicable) of any 
interest in:  (1) this Agreement; (2) a certain percentage of your ownership over a period of time, if you 
are legal entity (as further described below); or (3) any assets of the Business (other than in the normal 
course of business).  A Transfer shall also mean:  a transfer resulting from divorce, insolvency, corporate 
or partnership dissolution, or proceeding otherwise by operation of law; or in the event of the death, 
transfer, or disposition by will or under the laws of intestate succession, declaration of, or transfer in 
trust, or the succession or change in appointment of trustee(s) of a trust; and any other direct or indirect 
assignment, sale, gift, pledge, mortgage, or the granting of any security interest encumbering the assets 
of the business.  In addition, if you are a legal entity, any direct or indirect cumulative change in your 
ownership exceeding 25% or more over any given 36 month-period shall constitute a Transfer. 
1.1.16
“YESCO® Software” means the proprietary software and intranet developed 
by YESCO Administration or other Affiliates in connection with the development of the System that 
is available as of the Effective Date of this Agreement and as may be modified from time to time, and 
includes the ServizioSM and Servizio MobileSM software. 
