© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |47
13.2.1 no payment will be due to you from any source on account of any goodwill or 
other equity claimed by you arising from your operation or ownership of the Business or this 
Agreement; 
13.2.2 no fees, charges, Royalty Fee, National Advertising Fees, or other Fees or 
payments of any kind from you to us will be refundable in whole or in part; and 
13.2.3 you will have no equity or other continuing interest in this Agreement. 
ARTICLE 14 
RIGHT TO PURCHASE 
14.1
Right to Purchase 
Except as otherwise provided in ARTICLE 11, which shall prevail in the instance of a 
Transfer, upon expiration or termination of this Agreement you hereby grant to us and our designees 
the right, but not the obligation, to acquire all or any part of your inventory, equipment, signs and 
accessories, and other personal property relating to the Business or this Agreement at the then-existing 
“Fair Market Value” (as below defined) of such item or items as of the date of expiration or 
termination of this Agreement. 
14.1.1
For purposes of this Agreement, “Fair Market Value” shall be deemed to be 
the value that a reasonable person who is under no duress or obligation would pay for the item that is 
being sold by a seller who is under no duress or obligation.  If the Parties do not agree to the Fair 
Market Value, it will be established by an independent appraisal.  The appraisal shall be done at our 
expense by an appraiser selected by us but who is independent and disinterested in the outcome of any 
such valuation. 
14.1.2 No goodwill shall be considered associated with the valuation of any item being 
sold under this ARTICLE 14. 
14.1.3 We must exercise this option within 30 days of such expiration or termination 
by giving written notice to you of our intent to exercise our option to purchase.  Unless otherwise 
agreed by you, the purchase price as determined hereunder shall be paid in cash within the option 
period. 
14.2
Failure to Elect Option 
If we have not notified you of our election to exercise this option within the 30-day period, it 
shall be conclusively presumed that we have elected not to exercise our option, and you are then free 
to sell or transfer such assets to any person or entity on such terms as you may so choose. 
