© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |31
10.2
Authorized Products and Services, Product Purchases, and Approval Method 
10.2.1 You will offer or sell in connection with the Business, all services and products 
that we periodically approve as being suitable for sale from YESCO® businesses and meeting our 
standards of quality and uniformity for the System, and may not offer or sell any other service or 
product in connection with the Business without our prior written consent, which we have the right to 
withhold for any or no reason.  If we determine that we will no longer approve a service or product as 
being suitable for sale from a YESCO® business, you must cease offering that service or product upon 
30 days written notice from us.   
10.2.2 As of the Effective Date of this Agreement, you are only able to offer and sell 
the Authorized Products and Services.  We have the right to add, delete, change, or supplement the 
Authorized Products and Services, as well as the distribution channels in which they are provided, and 
there are no limits on our right to do so.  
10.2.3 Except as described above, you and your subcontractors cannot provide any 
other services and products using the System and/or the Marks without our prior written consent, 
which we have the right to withhold for any or no reason.  In no event will you or your subcontractors 
be allowed to sell, manufacture, fabricate, install, or modify any structural component of any sign, 
lighting device, or other building component or fixture, utilize a crane, or sell any sign-related products 
or services other than those products and services incident to the Authorized Products and Services 
without our prior written consent, which we have the right to withhold for any or no reason.  At a 
minimum, our approval of the sale of products and services other than Authorized Products and 
Services will require that you are licensed, properly equipped, and insured to provide the product 
and/or service.   
10.2.4 You must use the approved services and products, goods, equipment, 
advertising, marketing and promotional materials, software, and any other items we periodically 
approve and require as part of the operation of the YESCO® businesses (collectively, “Approved 
Supplies”).  We have the right to provide you with a list of Approved Supplies (“Approved Supplies 
List”) and a list of approved suppliers (“Approved Supplier List”).  If we provide you with an 
Approved Supplies List or an Approved Supplier List, we have the right to periodically revise the 
Approved Supplies List or Approved Supplier List, as we deem appropriate.  We have the right to 
approve the brand, manufacturer, supplier and/or distributor of any of the Approved Supplies.  We 
also have the right to require you to use approved suppliers.  In addition, we have the right to designate 
the specific brand and/or manufacturer of any of the Approved Supplies.  Further, we have the right 
to designate a single source or sources from whom you must purchase any Approved Supplies, and we 
and/or our Affiliates may be that single source (if we only designate a single source) or one or more of 
the sources (if we designate more than a single source).  Under all circumstances and without limiting 
the above, we have the right to designate, as applicable, the specific brand and/or manufacturer, and/or 
the single source of supply (which may be or include us or one of our Affiliates), of the following:  (i) 
your computer system (and all components that make up the computer system, including without 
limitation designated software, including accounting software); (ii) interior way-finding signs; (iii) design 
professionals; (iv) media services; and (v) wireless devices and related services; (vi) standard attire and 
uniforms; and (vii) the Office Branding Package.  We will periodically notify you of these requirements, 
and changes to these requirements, through the Manuals, the Approved Supplies List or the Approved 
Supplier List, if any, or other means.  For certain Approved Supplies and other services and products, 
we, an Affiliate or a third-party manufacturer, supplier or distributor may be the only approved supplier 
