© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved. 
Page | G-4
subcontractors to the provisions of this paragraph to the same extent that you are obligated 
to us and the Customer. 
4.
NON-SOLICITATION 
During the term of this Agreement you agree not to engage in any activity either 
independently, or by agreement, or by any arrangement with another person or entity in the solicitation 
of business or the direct solicitation of Work arising from any Work that we refer to you without our 
prior written consent, which we may withhold for any reason. 
5.
COMPENSATION 
We agree to pay you pursuant to the schedule of compensation set forth in the Manuals or as 
is designated in a particular Work Order. Unless otherwise set forth in the Manuals, the Work Order, 
or otherwise approved in advance and in writing, we won’t be liable for any other compensation or 
reimbursements (including charges for shipping, packaging, storage, insurance, duties, regulatory fees 
and applicable taxes) relating to performance of the Work, including overtime charges. We may 
designate a dollar limit or NTE (not to exceed) amount in a Work Order. You are required to notify 
us to obtain prior written approval if the charge for Work pertaining to the Work Order is going to 
exceed the NTE amount. No additional payment will be made unless written approval is obtained, 
prior to service being rendered. We have the right to offset payment to you with reasonably estimated 
amounts resulting from your breach of this Agreement.  We may also withhold or offset payments to 
you to account for instances of non-payment by National Accounts Program Customers or other 
customers, including without limitation any such customers’ bankruptcy or insolvency, or withholding 
of payment in connection with performance issues. 
We have the right to set off any payment owed to you under this Agreement against any 
obligation you may have to any Affiliate of Franchisor, including royalty fees and payments under any 
applicable promissory note. 
6.
INVOICES 
You will submit to us for approval a detailed monthly invoice of the services performed and 
the charges incurred. Each invoice must provide an itemized list the Work performed, the days, dates 
and hours worked, materials consumed, and any other charges in the compensation designated in the 
Manuals, the Work order, or otherwise as designated by us in writing. We have the right to approve 
or disapprove such invoices. We will pay approved invoices in accordance with our standard payment 
practices; otherwise, we will notify you that we disapproved, in whole or in part, the invoice(s) and the 
reasons for such disapproval. We may, in our sole discretion, deduct from the payment a late fee of 
$50.00 per invoice in the event that the Work is not completed within the applicable deadline. Invoices 
submitted without the required documentation will not be considered received until all required 
documentation is submitted. The following must be included with your invoice: 
a.
A copy of the Work Order(s) pertaining to the invoice. The Work Order must have a 
customer signature and/or stamp (if required). 
b. Photos of completed work (night and day, if lighted, including service work), if 
requested; 
