© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |13
due, and up to $50 for each delinquent report, due when the delinquent report is due.  We have the 
right to continue to charge a late fee for each day that each payment or report remains delinquent.  A 
payment is delinquent for any of the following reasons:  (i) we or our Affiliate do not receive the 
payment on or before the date due; or (ii) there are insufficient funds in your bank account to collect 
the payment by a transfer of funds on or after the date due.  A report is delinquent if we do not receive 
it on or before the due date and remains delinquent for each day until we receive it.  The service charge 
is not interest or a penalty, it is only to compensate us for increased administrative and management 
costs due to late payment or reporting.  You acknowledge and agree that this Section does not 
constitute our or our Affiliates’ agreement to accept such payments after they are due or a commitment 
to extend credit to or otherwise finance the operation of the Business.  The collection of any late fee 
and the acceptance of any late payment will not diminish our or our Affiliates’ right to any other 
remedies available under this Agreement. 
4.9
Payment of Debts 
You agree to pay promptly when due:  (i) all payments, obligations, assessments and taxes due 
and payable to us and our Affiliates, vendors, suppliers, manufacturers, distributors, landlords, lessors, 
federal, state and local governments, and creditors in connection with your Business; (ii) all liens and 
encumbrances of every kind and character created or placed upon or against any of the property used 
in connection with the operation of the Business; and (iii) all accounts and other indebtedness of every 
kind incurred by you in the operation of the Business.  In the event you default in making any such 
payment, you must notify us within 30 days and we are authorized, but not required, to pay the same 
on your behalf and you agree promptly to reimburse us on demand for any such payment. 
ARTICLE 5 
ADVERTISING 
5.1
Local Advertising 
5.1.1
You must use your best efforts to promote and advertise the Business and must 
participate in all advertising and promotional programs we establish in the manner we direct.  You must 
use only such advertising materials as we furnish, approve or make available, and the materials must be 
used in the manner we prescribe.  In addition, any promotional activities you conduct in connection 
with the Business are subject to our approval.  You must obtain our written approval of all marketing, 
advertising, and promotional materials before use.  You must submit to us such materials 15 calendar 
days before use.  If you do not receive written notice from us within 15 calendar days, it is deemed 
disapproved. 
5.1.2
In addition to your obligations described in Sections 5.2 and 5.6, you must 
spend at least 2% of your Gross Revenue each calendar year on approved local advertising and 
marketing activities (“Local Advertising Fee”).  We reserve the right to increase the Local Advertising 
Fee up to 3% of the Gross Revenue, upon 60 days’ written notice to you.  We encourage you, however, 
to spend additional amounts on local advertising and marketing activities beyond the annual minimum 
amounts required under this Agreement.  In calculating the applicable annual minimum amount, the 
Parties agree to use pro rata calculations for any partial calendar years.  On or before January 31 of each 
year, you will provide us with an accounting of the funds that you have spent on approved local 
advertising and marketing activities for the preceding calendar year.  If you fail to spend the minimum 
