© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |9
You will ensure that the Office is wired for Internet access via a high-speed connection.  You 
must maintain your Internet service at all times and must permit us the right to access your computers 
and network for any reasonable business purpose. 
You will purchase signs for the Office.  The signs shall be paid for by you and approved by us 
prior to purchase. 
Your service vehicles must meet our standards as set forth in the Manuals.  You will paint and 
mark all of your service and sign patrol vehicles in accordance with our vehicle graphic standards as 
set forth in the Manuals at your expense. 
3.4
YESCO® Software, Third-Party Software, and Hardware 
3.4.1
You are granted a license for the entire suite of applications comprising the 
YESCO® Software for up to ten users at no charge to you.  You may assign each license to users that 
are employed by you.  You may not assign any user licenses to subcontractors, independent contractors, 
or other third parties without our prior written consent, which we have the right to deny for any or no 
reason.  You may not sublicense the YESCO® Software or allow any third-party to use the YESCO® 
Software. 
3.4.2
You may only use the YESCO® Software in connection with providing the 
Authorized Products and Services. 
3.4.3
You may not modify, decompile, alter, reverse engineer, or alter the YESCO® 
Software and you may not permit or assist anyone else in doing the same. 
3.4.4
We have the right to charge a per user subscription fee of up to $100 per month 
for each YESCO® Software user in excess of ten users.  Such fees shall be added to and paid according 
to the same terms as the Royalty Fee (defined below).  We have the right to charge you $150 per email 
user and per archived email account per year.  We further have the right to charge you 25 cents per 
gigabyte per month of data storage that you use in connection with the enterprise software systems and 
the YESCO® Software.  We reserve the right to increase these fees at the same rate that our third-
party email and data storage providers increase their fees to us or our Affiliates and you will be liable 
for the additional increases upon 30 days written notice to you. 
3.4.5
You must purchase the equipment, computer systems, wireless devices, cell 
phones, and other hardware (“Hardware”) and other third-party software we require in order to 
operate the YESCO® Software and Business, as described in the Manuals.  Although we do not now, 
we have the right to require you to purchase Hardware components from us, and we may receive certain 
fees and commissions from the vendor of the same, which we will disclose to you. 
3.4.6
You must maintain the YESCO® Software and third-party software with all 
updates, patches, and material upgrades. 
3.4.7
We do not now, but reserve the right in the future to require you to purchase 
from us new YESCO® Software applications for use in the Business.  We will notify you in writing of 
the implementation of this requirement, and you will have a reasonable time (not to exceed 60 days) 
within which to purchase and install the same.  We have the right to charge you a subscription fee for 
