YESCO 2025 FDD 
20 
4. 
At our option, operate a National Accounts Program as described in ITEM 12.  (Franchise 
Agreement, Section 5.4). 
5. 
We will provide you with sales leads, if any, which originate in your Territory and which we 
obtain through our website (Franchise Agreement, Section 5.5).   
6. 
We may provide on-going training, seminars, and refresher courses during the term of the 
Franchise Agreement.  (Franchise Agreement, Section 7.3). 
7. 
We will provide updates to the Manuals, the System, YESCO Software, and the Marks at a 
frequency which we will determine (Franchise Agreement, Section 7.1 and 7.3). 
8. 
If requested by you, and if approved by us, we will provide additional training at a location 
determined by us.  You will pay the travel, room, board, and the then-published daily fee for such services 
(Franchise Agreement, Section 7.3). 
9. 
We may use secret shoppers periodically that will visit or contact your Business, and will use 
other methods to ensure that you and all other franchisees are delivering the quality of services and products 
that conform to the System (Franchise Agreement, Section 7.3). 
10. 
We will provide your employees with “yesco.com” email addresses and YESCO Software 
(Franchise Agreement, Section 7.3). 
11. 
We may sponsor an “Achievement Reward Program” which will consist of recognition 
programs for high-performance franchisees.  We have the right to periodically change these awards and have 
the right to originate or eliminate them at any time.  (Franchise Agreement, Section 7.3). 
12. 
We will review all requests for alternative suppliers.  (Franchise Agreement, Section 7.3). 
13. 
We have no obligation to assist you in establishing prices, such as setting minimum and/or 
maximum prices, at which you must sell products and services. 
Training 
Your Primary Owner and Principal Operator, and at least one other person of your choosing (if your 
Primary Owner and Principal Operator are the same person), are required to attend (and each such person must 
complete to our satisfaction) the initial training program.  Prior to attending the Initial Training Program, each 
attendee must complete the pre-training self-study online program described below.  Up to three individuals 
initially designated by you are eligible to participate in the Initial Training Program without charge of a tuition or 
fee.  You and any others attending the training must sign the Confidentiality and Non-Competition Agreement 
and the Training Waiver of Liability and Hold Harmless Agreement (“Training Liability Waiver”) that are 
attached to the Franchise Agreement as Exhibits D and H.  The initial training program will be conducted over 
a period of approximately 5-10 days.  Training will typically be offered in Salt Lake City, Utah or Las Vegas, 
Nevada, but may be held elsewhere in the future at our discretion.  You will be responsible for the expenses of 
travel, lodging and meals, as well as all other expenses incurred while traveling to and from and while attending 
this training.  In addition, to the extent we provide on-the-job training to you in your territory as part of the 
initial training program or any refresher or additional training program, we reserve the right to charge you for 
the travel and living expenses our trainers incur while conducting the on-the-job training. 
In addition, we require you to spend the required amount of time to be trained to efficiently use the 
YESCO Software prior to opening your Business.  This can occur either before or after you attend the initial 
training program.   
