© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |24
8.1.9
You may from time to time create, invent, fashion and otherwise propose 
changes to the Marks, the YESCO® Software or the System which will have the effect of improving 
the same (“Improvements”).  You will notify us of all such Improvements and you agree that we and 
our Affiliates have the perpetual right to use and authorize others to use the Improvements without 
any obligation to you for royalties or other compensation.  You also agree, upon our request, to assign 
to us or our Affiliates, as we designate, all right, title and interest in and to the Improvements, including 
the right to grant sublicenses to any of the Improvements.  We and our Affiliates have the right to 
make application for and own copyrights, patents, trade names, trademarks and service marks relating 
to any of the Improvements and you shall cooperate with us and our Affiliates in securing those rights.  
In return, we and our Affiliates will allow you to utilize any Improvements that other franchisees 
develop and we authorize for use in the System. 
8.2
Infringement 
8.2.1
You will notify us in writing of any possible infringement of the Marks, 
YESCO® Software, any component of the System, and any part of the copyrighted materials or the 
illegal use by others of any Mark, any portion of the System, or any copyrighted materials that may be 
the same as, or confusingly similar to, that used by us. 
8.2.2
You agree that we have the right to determine whether any action will be taken 
on account of any possible infringement or illegal use.  We have the right to commence or prosecute 
such action in our own name and may join you as a party to the action if we determine it to be 
reasonably necessary for the continued protection and quality control of the Marks, YESCO® 
Software, and each component of the System.  You must fully cooperate with us in any such litigation.  
In addition, there may be infringing uses or superior previous rights that may materially affect your use 
of the Marks in the Territory and said infringement may materially impact the ability of the Business to 
continue to operate as a franchisee.   
8.3
Business Name 
You agree that we and our Affiliates have a prior and superior claim to each portion of the 
Marks.  You will not use the phrase “YESCO,” “Expert Sign and Lighting Service…..It’s What We 
Do,” or any portion of the Marks in the legal name of your corporation, partnership, or any other 
business entity used in conducting the business provided for in this Agreement.  You also agree not 
to register or attempt to register a trade name with a state division of corporations or similar state 
authority or register or attempt to register an internet domain name using the Marks or anything 
confusingly similar to the Marks in your name or that of any other person or business.  You may do 
business as “YESCO” so long as this is only an unregistered “doing business as” or fictitious name 
and not part of the business entity or your name, and may not use another name without approval 
from us.  You may list “YESCO” or the Marks as unregistered “doing business as” or fictitious names 
with your banking institution(s) for the purpose of authorizing your financial institution(s) to process 
payments for your YESCO® Business and for other banking purposes necessary for the operation of 
your YESCO® Business. 
8.4
Use and Change of Marks 
8.4.1
If we or YESCO Administration determines it necessary to modify or 
discontinue use of any proprietary Marks, the YESCO® Software or to develop additional or substitute 
