© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |25
marks or software, you will, within 20 days after receipt of written notice of such a modification or 
discontinuation from us, take such action, at your sole expense, as may be necessary to comply with 
such modification, discontinuation, addition, or substitution. 
8.4.2
You agree that we have the sole right to license and control your use of the 
names, Marks, the YESCO® Software, other logos, and copyrighted material associated with the 
System, including the Manuals and Marks.  You also agree that you have not acquired any right, title, 
or interest in the Marks or the YESCO® Software or any of our intellectual property. 
8.4.3
Except for the limited instances described in Section 2.3.3, you have the right 
to use the Marks and the YESCO® Software only in the Territory and only for so long as you shall 
fully perform and comply with all of the conditions, terms, and covenants of this Agreement and the 
policies and procedures that we may periodically prescribe. 
8.4.4
All other use of the Marks in advertising must be with our prior written 
approval as set forth in this Agreement and in the Manuals. 
8.4.5
You further agree to execute any and all additional documents and assurances 
in connection with the Marks as reasonably requested by us and agree to fully cooperate with us or any 
of our other franchisees or licensees in securing all necessary and required consents of any state agency 
or legal authority for the use of the Marks or any other names that are or become a part of the System. 
8.4.6
Any and all goodwill associated with the Marks, the YESCO® Software and 
the System, including any goodwill that might be deemed to have arisen through your activities, shall 
inure directly, and exclusively to our and our Affiliates’ benefit, except as otherwise provided herein or 
by applicable law. 
8.5
No Use of Other Marks 
No marks, logotypes, trade names, trademarks or the like, other than specifically approved by 
us shall be used in the identification, marketing, promotion, or operation of the Business. 
8.6
System 
8.6.1
The System, including the YESCO® Software is our and our Affiliates’ 
proprietary, confidential, and trade secret information.  The System includes, but is not limited to:  
forms, business procedures, techniques, the Marks; the manner and method of training that we deliver 
to you; the software, operations, Manuals, and other related documentation, and standards and 
procedures that you will use in the day-to-day operation of the Business; the methods to be used by 
you for finding customers and the Trades; the names and other identifying information of Trades who 
will participate in the System; the economic and financial characteristics of the System; and any 
copyrighted information owned by us and our Affiliates. 
8.6.2
You must operate in accordance with the System.  You agree that we own and 
control the distinctive plan for the establishment, operation, and promotion of the Business and all 
related systems and methods, which includes, but is not limited to, our standards and specifications for 
equipment, supplies, materials, technical equipment standards, customer relations, marketing 
techniques, written promotional materials, advertising, accounting systems, and each component of the 
Confidential Information, all of which constitute our confidential trade secrets and which have 
