YESCO FRANCHISING LLC  
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 
7 
 
1. 
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND PRACTICES (CONTINUED) 
 
Contract Liabilities 
 
Contract liabilities include nonrefundable collections from customers for area development plans 
that have not been formalized into franchise agreements yet, collections from sponsors for the 
annual convention, as well as other contract obligations. As such, these liabilities represent 
unsatisfied performance obligations for the Company to fulfill based on time or purpose 
requirements. The revenue is recognized when the related service is rendered. 
 
Revenue Recognition 
 
Revenues from franchise fees and royalties are recognized when they are earned and due according 
to the franchise agreements.  Revenues consist of initial fees, marketing fees, software license fees, 
and royalties calculated as a percent of revenue from franchisee operated branches.  The majority, 
if not all, of the Company’s revenue recognition is based on goods or services transferred over time. 
 
Income Taxes 
 
The Company is a one member LLC and is included in the consolidated tax return of YESCO.  The 
Company does not pay income taxes directly, but is allocated its share of YESCO’s total tax 
expense or benefit based on the Company’s share of pre-tax income or loss. YESCO is no longer 
subject to U.S. federal or state and local income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 
2021. 
 
Use of Estimates 
 
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted 
in the United States of America requires management of the Company to make estimates and 
assumptions regarding the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent 
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues 
and expenses during the reporting period.  Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 
Advertising Costs 
 
The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred as reported on the Statement of Income. 
 
Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 
The Company’s financial instruments consist primarily of cash, accounts receivable, accounts 
payable, and advances.  The carrying amounts of these instruments as reflected in the balance sheet 
approximate the fair values due to the short-term maturities of these instruments. 
 
 
 
