YESCO 2025 FDD
D-12 
an action under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code; (b) obtained a discharge of its debts under the bankruptcy code; or 
(c) was a principal officer of a company or a general partner in a partnership that either filed as a debtor (or had 
filed against it) a petition to start an action under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or that obtained a discharge of its 
debts under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code during or within 1 year after that officer or general partner of the 
franchisor held this position in the company or partnership. 
4. 
The following is added to the end of ITEM 5: 
The initial franchise fee constitutes part of our general operating funds and will be used as such in our discretion. 
5. 
The following is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(c), titled “Requirements for 
franchisee to renew or extend,” and Item 17(m), entitled “Conditions for franchisor approval of transfer”: 
However, to the extent required by applicable law, all rights you enjoy and any causes of action arising in your 
favor from the provisions of Article 33 of the General Business Law of the State of New York and the 
regulations issued thereunder shall remain in force; it being the intent of this proviso that the non-waiver 
provisions of General Business Law Sections 687.4 and 687.5 be satisfied. 
6. 
The following language replaces the “Summary” section of Item 17(d), titled “Termination by 
franchisee”: 
You may terminate the agreement on any grounds available by law. 
7. 
The following is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(v), titled “Choice of forum”, 
and Item 17(w), titled “Choice of law”: 
The foregoing choice of law should not be considered a waiver of any right conferred upon the franchisor or 
upon the franchisee by Article 33 of the General Business Law of the State of New York. 
8. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in connection with 
the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any 
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement 
made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of Franchisor. This provision 
supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
9. 
Any sale made must be in compliance with Section 683(8) of the Franchise Sale Act (N.Y. Gen. Bus. 
L. Section 680 et seq.), which describes the time period a Franchise Disclosure Document (offering prospectus) 
must be provided to a prospective franchisee before a sale may be made.  New York law requires a franchisor 
to provide the Franchise Disclosure Document at the earlier of the first personal meeting, ten (10) business 
days before the execution of the franchise or other agreement, or the payment of any consideration that relates 
to the franchise relationship. 
