YESCO 2025 FDD 
12 
shall refund (without interest) 40% of the Franchise Fee you paid to us, after payment of any broker 
fees or commissions that are not refundable, so long as you and any other owners sign general releases, 
in form and substance satisfactory to us, of any and all claims against us and our affiliates, officers, 
directors, employees and agents. 
(4)
This includes a telephone, a fax machine, copier, scanner, printer, software (See ITEM 11), a desk, 
chair and filing cabinets.  This amount will change depending on whether you already have these 
items.  We have no specifications for the telephone or fax machine.  The copier must have the ability 
to scan documents to a PDF file.   
(5)
You will be required to have certain off-the-shelf computer hardware capable of supporting, without 
limitation, high-speed Internet connectivity and Google G Suite Basic Edition. You are also required 
to maintain a subscription to QuickBooks Online (Plus or Advanced).  You may already have 
equipment that meets this need.  You are required to have high-speed Internet accessibility.  You are 
also required to subscribe to our enterprise software and email systems and pay data storage fees for 
your data.  See ITEM 11. 
(6)
You must spend at least $1,000 on grand opening to announce the opening of your business.  You 
must also purchase an Office Branding Package, which includes materials such as corporate 
letterheads, envelopes, business cards, signs, corporate brochures and multi-media presentations.  You 
will also purchase from us or an approved vendor a marketing list (“List”) which includes but is not 
limited to: general contractors, architects, civil engineers, real estate developers, etc. that operate in 
your Territory. We will provide you with direction as to the items you will need.  See ITEM 11.   
(7)
You must purchase and maintain all insurance coverage for the Business as described in the Manuals.  
See ITEM 8. 
(8)
You may need to employ an attorney, an accountant and other consultants as needed to assist you in 
establishing your Business.  These fees may vary from location to location depending upon the 
prevailing rate of attorneys’, accountants’ and consultants’ fees. 
(9)
You will need to acquire vehicle(s) that we approve.  These vehicle(s) must be able to carry and secure 
the materials and equipment necessary to access signs and lighting. You may already have vehicle(s) 
that meet our requirements; if so, you may not have to make an investment in vehicle(s). 
(10) Equipment and materials inventory includes ballasts, lamps, wiring, various fasteners, vinyl, plexiglass, 
paint, etc., and the associated tools and equipment necessary for accessing and servicing signs and 
lighting. 
(11) The estimate of additional funds for the initial phase of your business is based on recurring expenses 
and operating expenses for the first three (3) months of operation.  This estimate is based on our 
Affiliates’ over 90 years of experience operating similar businesses.  The estimate of additional funds 
does not include an owner’s salary or draw or staff salaries.  You may incur other or higher costs or 
fees.  You may also need operating capital when running the Business that is in addition to what is 
estimated here.  
