© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |A-2
4. 
Additional Information.  You are a legal entity, you must provide us with the following 
additional information as applicable. 
a. 
If a Partnership, indicate when and in which state in the partnership was 
formed, and attach a copy of the Partnership Agreement certified by partner of the Partnership that 
the copy provided is a true and accurate copy of the Partnership Agreement. 
b. 
If a Corporation, indicate the state and date of incorporation, the names and 
addresses of each officer and director.   Attach a copy of the Articles of Incorporation certified by the 
Secretary of State for the State in which the corporation was formed and a copy of the By-Laws of 
the Corporation certified by an officer or director of the Corporation that the copy provided is a true 
and accurate copy of the By-Laws of the Corporation. 
c. 
If a Limited Liability Company or Partnership, indicate when and in which 
state the Limited Liability Company or Partnership was formed, and attach a copy of the Certificate 
of Organization certified by the Secretary of State for the State in which the Limited Liability Company 
or Partnership was formed, and a copy of the Operating Agreement of the Limited Liability Company 
or Partnership certified by a member or manager of the Limited Liability Company and Partnership 
that the copy provided is a true and accurate copy of the Operating Agreement of the Limited Liability 
Company or Partnership. 
d. 
If some other legal entity, provide us with similar information and materials as 
we request.  
Attach additional sheets if necessary.  Any and all changes to the above information must be 
reported to us in writing. 
5. 
Change.  You must immediately notify us in writing of any change in the information 
contained in this Addendum and, at our request, prepare and sign a new Addendum containing the 
correct information.  Upon notification, we will issue to you another addendum for you to execute.  
YESCO Initials 
Franchisee Initials 
