YESCO 2025 FDD 
33 
We require that you maintain the confidentiality of each component of the System, YESCO Software, 
our Marks and our copyrighted materials, and that you adopt reasonable procedures to prevent unauthorized 
disclosure of any such information.  For the avoidance of doubt, you may not use any such information for the 
purpose of machine learning, augmented human intelligence development, training any artificial intelligence 
(“AI”) model, algorithm improvement, or similar data aggregation activities without our express written 
consent.  Such uses shall not be deemed related to the performance of the Franchise Agreement and are 
expressly prohibited.  You may not, without our prior written consent, input any such information into any 
generative AI platform, or disclose such information to any provider or source of generative AI services.  You 
must opt out of allowing any provider or source of generative AI to utilize any such information for training 
of any AI model or for other purposes.   
If you learn of, or believe that any other person or entity is using our Marks, any component of the 
System, or any of our copyrighted materials without our permission, you must immediately notify us in writing.  
We will take any action that we deem appropriate. 
You may never during the term of the Franchise Agreement, or at any time after the termination or 
expiration of the Franchise Agreement, reveal any of component of our System to any person or entity, and 
you cannot use it for any other business.  You may not copy any portion of the System, YESCO Software, or 
the Marks unless we specifically authorize it in writing.  All persons affiliated with you must sign a 
“Confidentiality and Non-competition Agreement,” which is attached to the Franchise Agreement as an exhibit. 
In operating your Business, you will create a list of names and other identifying information of persons 
and businesses that have used your sign and lighting services (“Customer List”).  You will also create a list of 
the Trades (“Trades List”) that provide services to your customers. 
You must agree that the Customer List and Trades List were obtained through the use of the System 
and the Marks.  These lists must be maintained in the manner we direct.  As a result, the Customer List and the 
Trades List are, and remain our sole and exclusive property.  At the termination of the Franchise Agreement 
for any reason, these lists shall be our sole and exclusive property. 
ITEM 15 
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE 
FRANCHISE BUSINESS 
You must designate at least one person (the “Primary Owner”) who (i) has an ownership interest in 
you, (ii) serves as the Principal Operator for the Business or has the responsibility of hiring a qualified Principal 
Operator for the Business, (iii) oversees the general management and operations of the Business, and (iv) has 
authority to sign on your behalf all contracts and commercial documents.  The Primary Owner must attend and 
successfully complete, to our satisfaction, all training we require.  If you are a single individual, you must act as 
the Primary Owner.  If you are made up of a number of individuals, one of you must act as the Primary Owner.  
If you are a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or partnership, or some other entity, you must 
designate as the Primary Owner an individual that owns at least 51% (or some lower percentage we approve) 
of the corporation, partnership, limited liability company or partnership, or other entity.   
The “Principal Operator” is the person who (i) has the authority to, and does in fact, act as the general 
manager of the Business, (ii) actively oversees the management and day-to-day operation of the Business and 
directs the delivery of sign and lighting repair and maintenance and services, and (iii) has authority to sign on 
your behalf on all contracts and commercial documents.  The Principal Operator must attend and successfully 
complete, to our satisfaction, all training we require.   Your Primary Owner and Principal Operator may be the 
same person. 
