YESCO 2025 FDD 
24 
advertising program is implemented on behalf of a particular region, we will only use contributions from 
franchisees within such region for the particular regional advertising program, to the extent reasonably 
calculable by us.  Other than as described above, you are not required to participate in any local or regional 
advertising cooperative. 
The National Advertising Fee will be used for the creation of various advertising and promotional 
products.  The media in which such advertising may be disseminated may include, but is not limited to: targeted 
national email campaign, printed and electronic materials, posters, window clings, marketing danglers and door 
hangers, creation of radio, print, or outdoor advertising on a local or regional basis, and franchise incentive 
trips.  The advertising will be produced by us, our Affiliates, or a national or international advertising agency.  
Any amounts not expended in any year may be carried over to and expended in a following year.  Other than 
incidental amounts, we will not use any portion of the National Advertising Fee to solicit new franchisees. 
Upon your prior written request, we will make available to you, no later than 120 days after the end of 
each calendar year, an annual unaudited financial statement for the National Advertising Fund for the previous 
fiscal year. 
As of the issuance date of this Disclosure Document, we have established the YESCO Service 
Advisory Council (“Council”) comprised of franchise owners and employees of our Affiliates.  The Council 
serves in a purely advisory capacity on many matters, including advertising.  We have the power to change or 
dissolve the Council at our sole discretion. 
Local Advertising 
You must spend at least 2% of your Gross Revenue on local advertising.  We have the right to increase 
the amount you must spend on local advertising to up to 3% of Gross Revenue.  We will provide you with a 
minimum of 60 days’ notice before you are obligated to begin spending this additional amount.  You may spend 
any additional amount on local advertising and such advertising may take any form; we must, however, approve 
all advertising before being placed.  You must deliver the proposed advertising to us no less than 15 calendar 
days before its insertion into any medium.  If you do not receive written notice within 15 calendar days, it is 
deemed to be disapproved. 
You may not have a website that is separate from ours without our express written permission, which 
may be granted or denied for any reason or for no reason at all. 
Cap on Required National and Local Advertising Fees 
Although you may be required to spend up to 3% of your Gross Revenue on local advertising and up 
to 3% of your Gross Revenue on national advertising, the maximum combined local and national advertising 
fees we can require you to spend is 3% of Gross Revenue. 
Grand Opening 
Within the 30-day period before and the 30-day period after commencing operations of your Business, 
you will be required to hold a grand opening to advertise the startup of your Business.  Some of the advertising 
programs and activities might include: Sending electronic and print media describing your services to and 
visiting with General Contractors, Civil Engineers, Architects, Electrical Engineers, Real Estate Agents, 
Mechanical Engineers and Commercial, Retail and Industrial Property Owners.  We must approve of the 
advertising used in this program. 
