© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |27
required to be so disclosed.  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, there may be 
certain, limited circumstances where applicable law allows for the disclosure of certain trade secrets in 
limited circumstances, as specified in the Manuals. 
8.8
Ownership of Customer List and List of Trades 
In operating the Business, you will create a list of names and other identifying information of 
persons and businesses that have used your sign and lighting services (“Customer List”).  You will also 
create a list of the Trades that provide services to your Customer List (“Trades List”).  You must store, 
update, and maintain the Customer List and the Trades List using the YESCO® Software.  You agree 
that the Customer List and Trades List are or were obtained through the use of the System and the 
Marks.  As a result, the Customer List and the Trades List are and remain our sole and exclusive property.  
At the termination of this Agreement for any reason, said lists shall be our sole and exclusive property. 
8.9
Restrictions on Internet and Website Use 
We retain the sole right to advertise the System on the Internet and to create, operate, 
maintain and modify, or discontinue the use of, a website or websites, and/or an intranet/extranet 
system or systems using the Marks.  You will not register, as Internet domain names, any of the 
Marks now or hereafter owned by us or our Affiliates or any abbreviation, acronym or variation of 
the Marks, or any other name that could be deemed confusingly similar.  Further, you may not 
market, advertise or promote your Business or conduct any related business on the Internet without 
our prior written approval, including without limitation using social and professional networking 
sites to promote your Business.  You acknowledge that we also may impose prohibitions on you 
posting or blogging comments about us, your Business or the System.  The foregoing prohibition 
includes personal blogs, common social networks like Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, Twitter, 
Snapchat and Pinterest; professional networks, business profiles or online review or opinion sites 
like LinkedIn, Google Business Profile or Yelp; live-blogging tools like Twitter and Snapchat; virtual 
worlds, metaverses, file, audio and video-sharing sites, and other similar social networking or media 
sites or tools. 
8.10
Limitation on Business Operations 
Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, you are prohibited from providing 
any Authorized Products and Services to, or otherwise operating the Business in support of, any 
business that we, in our sole discretion, periodically determine may be detrimental to the goodwill 
associated with the System and the Marks, as further described in the Manuals or otherwise in writing.   
8.11
Talent Release 
You, your Principal Operator, Primary Owner, Principal Owners, Guarantors and each of 
your employees agree that we and our Affiliates have the right and permission to use and publish the 
photographs/film/videotapes/electronic representations and/or sound recordings made in 
connection with our training, marketing, and other materials utilized or developed in connection the 
System and we and our Affiliates are authorized to reproduce, copyright, exhibit, broadcast, and 
distribute the photographs/film/videotapes/electronic representations and/or sound recordings at 
our discretion without limitation and compensation. 
