© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |11
Section 12.1.14.  We will notify you in writing that we are exercising our right to terminate this 
Agreement pursuant to Section 12.1.14, in which case we will refund to you 40% of the remaining 
Initial Franchise Fee, after we pay any fees or commissions that are not refundable, within 30 days of 
our notice of termination. 
4.2
Gross Revenue 
The term “Gross Revenue” means the aggregate amount of the total sales and receipts from 
the sale of all services and goods whether or not actually collected by you or by us, whether for cash, 
check, on credit, bartered or otherwise, at, from or in connection with the Business or the Marks, 
regardless of whether such services and goods are Authorized Products and Services.  Gross Revenue 
excludes any federal, state or municipal or other sales tax or any similar tax on the supply of goods 
and services collected from customers at the point of sale and paid by you to appropriate tax 
authorities.  For purposes of fees charged in this ARTICLE 4, a sale is made to a customer at the 
earlier of the customer’s payment for the services and goods (whether paid in full or in part) or when 
the services and goods are provided.  
4.3
Royalty 
You will pay us a royalty (“Royalty Fee”) of either $1,000 per month or 6% of Gross 
Revenue, whichever is greater.  The Royalty Fee is due and payable on or before the 15th day of each 
month based on the Gross Revenue for the previous month, pursuant to the method of payment we 
designate, as further described below in this ARTICLE 4.   
4.4
Electronic Transfer of Funds 
4.4.1
You must sign the electronic funds transfer (“EFT”) Authorization 
Agreement for Preauthorized Payment Services authorization attached as Exhibit C, as well as any 
other documents we periodically designate or approve, to authorize your bank to transfer, either 
electronically or through some other method of payment we designate or approve, directly to our or 
our Affiliates’ account and to charge your account all amounts due to us or our Affiliates from you.  
Your authorization will permit us or our Affiliates to designate the amount to be transferred from your 
account.  You must maintain a balance in your account sufficient to allow us and/or our Affiliates to 
collect the amounts owed when due.  You are responsible for any penalties, fines or other similar 
expenses associated with the transfer of funds described in this Section.  You agree to sign all 
documents we designate in accordance with this Section no later than ten days prior to the date you 
commence operating the Business.   
4.5
Computation and Remittances 
4.5.1
We will compute the amount of Royalty Fees due and owing to us at 
the end of each calendar month’s operation and collect these amounts from your account, electronically 
or through some other method of payment we designate, on the day the Royalty Fees are due.  We may 
also collect from your account, electronically or through some other method of payment we designate, 
any other amounts that become due and owing to us under this Agreement, including without limitation 
National Advertising Fees, interest charges and services charges.  All calculations will be based on 
figures you provide to us and/or we acquire electronically or otherwise.  You must certify the 
computation of the amounts in the manner and form we specify, and you must supply to us any 
