YESCO 2025 FDD 
35 
You are able to provide the following goods and services:   
1.
Sign Repair Services:  The non-structural repair of damaged or inoperable sign 
components, including face repair/replacement, lamp, ballast, or other sign 
lighting repair/replacement, painting, cleaning, neon repair/replacement, 
patching/repairing stucco or other non-structural components/finishes, 
reforming/repairing sign trim or other non-structural metal components, repair 
and maintenance of electronic displays, and replacing adhesive graphics.  
2. Lighting Repair Services:  The repair, maintenance, upgrade, and service of 
interior or exterior lighting components, including the replacement of ballasts, 
lamps, and transformers, and the repair/replacement of lighting trim and 
encapsulating devices. 
3. Energy Retrofits: Providing energy efficiency upgrades (e.g., LED lighting, solar 
conversions, etc.) to signs and interior/exterior lighting. 
4. ADA Signs: Sell, install, and maintain interior way-finding and room-
identification signs using signs manufactured by YESCO’s ADA Sign Division. 
5. Outdoor Advertising Displays: The changing of billboard advertising messages 
and the nonstructural repair of billboard displays and billboard lighting. 
6. Media Services/Content Creation: The sale of content creation services for 
electronic message displays. 
7. Installation of Interior Signs, Displays, and Lighting: The installation of interior 
electric and non-electric signs, displays, electronic message displays, video 
display screens and devices, lighting and lighting effects, banners, decorative 
models and sculptures, adhesive graphics (including, without limitation, vinyl 
graphics), and other non-structural interior embellishments. 
Except as described in ITEMS 1-7 above, you will not be allowed to provide any other goods and services 
using the System and the Marks without our prior written consent, which may be withheld for any or no reason. 
In no event will you be allowed to sell, manufacture, fabricate, install, or modify any structural component of 
any sign, lighting device, or other building component or fixture, utilize a crane, or sell any sign-related products 
or services other than those products incident to the repair of signs and lighting. 
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank.] 
