YESCO 2025 FDD
D-3 
ILLINOIS ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
YESCO FRANCHISING LLC 
This Addendum relates to franchises sold in Illinois and is intended to comply with Illinois statutes 
and regulations.  In consideration of the execution of the Franchise Agreement, Franchisor and Franchisee 
agree to amend the Franchise Agreement as follows: 
1.
Waiver. In conformance with Section 41 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, any 
condition, stipulation or provision purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive compliance 
with the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act or any other law of the Illinois is void.  This shall not prevent any 
person from entering into a settlement agreement or executing a general release regarding a potential or actual 
lawsuit filed under the provisions of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, nor shall it prevent the arbitration 
of any claims pursuant to the provisions of Title IX of the United States Code. 
2.
Governing Law.  Illinois law governs the Franchise Agreement. 
3.
Venue.  In conformance with Section 4 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, any provision 
in a franchise agreement that designates jurisdiction and venue in a forum outside of the State of Illinois is void.   
4.
Termination and Non-Renewal.  Franchisees’ rights upon termination and non-renewal are 
set forth in sections 19 and 20 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act. 
5.
Statute of Limitations.  Section 18.11 is deleted in its entirety. 
6.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims 
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor.  This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
7.
Construction.  In all other respects, the Franchise Agreement will be construed and enforced 
with its terms. 
Each of the undersigned hereby acknowledges having read and understood this Addendum and consents to be 
bound by all of its terms. 
FRANCHISEE: 
FRANCHISOR:  
YESCO FRANCHISING LLC
By: 
By: 
Its: 
Its: 
Date: 
 
Date: 
 
