YESCO 2025 FDD
L-3
RECEIPT 
This disclosure document summarizes certain provisions of the franchise agreement and other information in plain 
language.  Read this disclosure document and all agreements carefully. 
If YESCO Franchising LLC (“YESCO”) offers you a franchise, YESCO must provide this disclosure document to you 
14 calendar days before you sign a binding agreement with, or make a payment to, YESCO or an affiliate in connection 
with the proposed franchise sale.  Iowa and New York require that YESCO give you this disclosure document at the 
earlier of the first personal meeting or 10 business days (or 14 calendar days in Iowa) before the execution of the 
franchise or other agreement or the payment of any consideration that relates to the franchise relationship.  Michigan 
requires that YESCO gives you this disclosure document at least 10 business days before the execution of any binding 
franchise or other agreement or the payment of any consideration, whichever occurs first. 
If YESCO does not deliver this disclosure document on time or if it contains a false or misleading statement, or a 
material omission, a violation of federal law and state law may have occurred and should be reported to the Federal 
Trade Commission, Washington, DC 20580, and the appropriate state agency identified on Exhibit A.  The issuance 
date is not the effective date for registration states.  See the effective states page at the beginning of the document for 
effective dates for each registration state. 
The franchisor is YESCO Franchising LLC, located at 2401 Foothill Drive, Salt Lake City, Utah 84109.  Its telephone 
number is 801.464.4600. 
Issuance Date:  March 29, 2025 
The name, principal business address and telephone number of each franchise seller offering the franchise: Samuel 
Fisher, YESCO Franchising LLC at 2401 Foothill Drive, Salt Lake City, Utah 84109, or is listed below (with address 
and telephone number) or will be provided to you separately before you sign a franchise agreement:  
. 
YESCO authorizes the respective state agencies identified on Exhibit A to receive service of process for it in the 
particular state. 
I received a Disclosure Document dated March 29, 2025, that included the following Exhibits: 
Exhibit A 
State Administrators/Agents for Service 
of Process 
Exhibit B 
Franchise Agreement 
Exhibit C 
Table of Contents of Manual 
Exhibit D 
State-Specific Addenda 
Exhibit E 
Sample of Release of Claims 
Exhibit F 
Financial Statements 
Exhibit G 
Summary of Industry-Specific Laws 
Exhibit H 
Existing and Former Franchisees 
Exhibit I 
Promissory Note 
Exhibit J 
Standard Renewal Addendum  
Exhibit K 
Early Renewal Program Addendum 
Exhibit L 
State Effective Dates and Receipts 
Date:  
(Do not Leave Blank) 
Signature of Prospective Franchisee 
Printed Name 
You may return the signed receipt either by signing, dating, and mailing it to YESCO Franchising LLC at 2401 Foothill 
Drive, Salt Lake City, Utah 84109, or by faxing a copy of the signed and dated receipt to YESCO Franchising LLC at 
801.483.0998. 
THIS COPY IS FOR OUR RECORDS.  
PLEASE SEND TO YESCO AS DESCRIBED ABOVE. 
4906-3847-1971, v. 7
