YESCO 2025 FDD 
15 
6.
Employment Practices Liability Insurance (“EPLI”) coverage in an amount not less $200,000. 
Each of the required policies of insurance must comply the additional requirements we periodically 
prescribe. As of the date of this Disclosure Document, all required insurance policies must be provided by an 
insurance company rated A-VII or better by Best Insurance Ratings Service, provide primary, noncontributory 
coverage, provide us actual notification in case of material alteration, termination, non-renewal, cancelation, 
and/or your failure to make timely premium payments, waive subrogation rights against us, our Affiliates, and 
their officers, directors, employees, and agents, and be written on an occurrence basis.  In addition, all required 
insurance policies must name us, our Affiliates, and us and our Affiliates’ respective directors, officers, 
employees, and agents as non-contributory additional insureds on such policies (with the exception of workers’ 
compensation insurance and EPLI) by a policy provision or an endorsement form we periodically prescribe, 
which as of the date of this Disclosure Document, must be an endorsement form at least as broad as Insurance 
Service Office (ISO) forms CG 2010 and CG 2037 for general liability insurance. 
You must provide to us prior to commencing operations of the Business and thereafter at least 30 days 
prior to the expiration of any such policy or policies or upon our request, a copy of the actual policy or policies 
of insurance issued by the insurer, along with all certificates of insurance, endorsements and other proof of 
insurance we periodically prescribe evidencing compliance with all insurance requirements identified above. 
The policy limits identified above must be raised if we notify you in writing of the increase in such limits. 
Miscellaneous 
We and our Affiliates have the right to receive fees, payments, rebates, commissions or other 
consideration from third party manufacturers, suppliers and/or distributors which may or may not be 
reasonably related to services we or our Affiliates provide to these third parties.  We and our Affiliates have the 
right to receive fees and payments from third party manufacturers, suppliers, and/or distributors of up to 10% 
or more of each of these third parties’ sales of products, services, equipment, goods and supplies to YESCO 
franchisees.  We and our Affiliates have the right to increase or decrease this percentage in the future.  We and 
our Affiliates will retain and use any fees, payments, rebates, commissions or other consideration as we deem 
appropriate or as required by a particular manufacturer, supplier or distributor.  During our last fiscal year 
ending December 31, 2024, we did not receive any revenue from required purchases of products and services 
by franchisees, as described in this ITEM 8.  During this same period, our affiliate, YESCO LLC, received 
$334,306 in National Lead Admin Fees from franchisees under the National Accounts Program, as further 
described Item 12.
We may negotiate prices for products or services for the benefit of the YESCO system, but not on 
behalf of individual franchisees.  There is no purchasing or distribution cooperative.  We will try to receive 
volume discounts for the YESCO system.  Because we try to receive volume discounts for the benefit of the 
YESCO system as a whole, you are prohibited from forming buying groups, conglomerates, or pooling 
purchases of products or services with other franchisees in an effort to negotiate better pricing with suppliers.  
We do not provide material benefits to you because of your use of approved suppliers.  During our last fiscal 
year ending December 31, 2024, YESCO LLC did not receive any rebates from vendors.  
You can expect items purchased or leased in accordance with our specifications will represent 
approximately 70% to 85% of total purchases you will make to begin operations of the Business, and 20% to 
60% of the ongoing costs to operate the Business.  
One of our officers owns an interest in Young.  Otherwise, there are no suppliers in which an officer 
of us owns a material interest. 
