© 2011-2025 YESCO Franchising LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Page |2
ARTICLE 1 
DEFINITIONS 
1.1
Definitions 
As used in this Agreement, the following capitalized terms shall have the following meanings:   
1.1.1
“Affiliate” means all entities under common control with us. 
1.1.2
“Authorized Products and Services” means only the following products and 
services:   
(a)
Sign Repair Services:  The non-structural repair of damaged or 
inoperable sign components, including face repair/replacement, lamp, ballast, power supplies, modular 
components, or other sign lighting repair/replacement, painting, cleaning, neon repair/replacement, 
patching/repairing stucco or other non-structural components/finishes, reforming/repairing sign trim 
or other non-structural metal components, repair and maintenance of electronic message and video 
displays of all kinds (including scoring displays, digital billboards, LED digital displays, and LCD 
displays), and replacing adhesive graphics.   
(b)
Lighting Repair Services:  The repair, maintenance, upgrade, 
and service of interior or exterior lighting components, including the replacement of ballasts, lamps, 
power supplies, and transformers, and the repair/replacement of lighting trim and encapsulating 
devices. 
(c)
Energy Retrofits:  Providing energy efficiency upgrades (e.g., 
LED lighting, solar conversions, etc.) to signs and interior/exterior lighting. 
(d)
ADA Signs:  Sell, install, and maintain interior way-finding, 
warning, and room-identification signs using approved suppliers. 
(e)
Outdoor Advertising Displays:  The changing of billboard 
advertising messages and the nonstructural repair of billboard displays and billboard lighting. 
(f)
Media Services/Content Creation:  The sale of content creation, 
programming, and scheduling services for electronic message displays. 
(g)
Printed Advertising Products: The sale and installation of non-
electrical, temporary, printed advertising and display products, including banners, window decals and 
clings, floor signs, lawn signs, A-frame floor signs, floor graphics, posters, vehicle and trailer graphics, 
wallscapes, canvas posters and wraps. 
(h)
Installation of Interior Signs, Displays, and Lighting:  The 
installation of interior electric and non-electric signs, displays, electronic message displays, video display 
screens and devices, lighting and lighting effects, banners, decorative models and sculptures, adhesive 
graphics (including, without limitation, vinyl graphics), and other non-structural interior 
embellishments. 
