YESCO 2025 FDD 
28 
2. 
own and operate, and grant franchises or licenses to others to own and operate, YESCO 
businesses within the Territory if you fail to meet a TSQ, as described above; 
3. 
own and operate, and grant franchises or licenses to others to own and operate, any business 
of any kind, other than a business located within your Territory selling the services and products described in 
ITEM 16 under the Marks or any names, trademarks, service marks, logos and other commercial symbols other 
than the Marks, at any locations within or outside your Territory;  
4. 
use the Marks and the System to offer, sell or distribute or grant franchises or licenses to others 
to offer, sell or distribute any products or services (which may be similar to those that you will sell) through 
any alternate channels of distribution or other methods of distribution at any location within or outside of the 
Territory.  “Other channels of distribution” mean any channels of distribution other than the operation of a 
YESCO business and include without limitation hardware stores, big box stores and other locations where 
products are sold.  “Other methods of distribution” include without limitation wholesale, resale, the Internet 
(or any other existing or future form of electronic commerce, catalogs, mail order and television); 
5. 
grant licenses or other rights to others to use the YESCO Software, or software similar to the 
YESCO Software, for purposes of operating businesses other than providing the approved products and 
services described in Section 10.2.2 of the Franchise Agreement in the Territory; 
6. 
offer, sell, and distribute the products and services described in Section 10.2.2 of the Franchise 
Agreement in combination with other products and services; 
7. 
acquire businesses that are the same as or similar to the Business or other YESCO businesses 
and operate such businesses regardless of where such businesses are located, and to be acquired by any third 
party which operates businesses that are the same as or similar to the Business or other YESCO businesses 
regardless of where such businesses are located; 
8. 
advertise the System on the Internet (or any other existing or future form of electronic 
commerce) and to create, operate, maintain and modify, or discontinue the use of a website using the Marks; 
and 
9. 
service, or license or allow others to service, sales leads in your Territory under certain 
circumstances.  
National Account Program 
Our Affiliate YESCO LLC operates a lead management system for national accounts in the United 
States and Canada (“National Accounts Program”).  The National Accounts Program is designed to address 
the needs of National Accounts Program Customers.  “National Accounts Program Customers” are 
customers who: (i) own (either themselves or through their Affiliates) or have the ability to impose purchasing 
requirements on (like a franchisor who has the ability to impose purchasing requirements on its franchisees) 
multiple facilities with sign and lighting service and maintenance needs; (ii) desire to negotiate a single agreement 
for the delivery of approved services and products offered by YESCO businesses to some or all of those 
facilities; and/or (iii) meet any other requirements we or YESCO LLC periodically prescribe.    
YESCO LLC has the right to solicit and negotiate agreements with all current and potential National 
Accounts Program Customers, including without limitation current and potential National Accounts Program 
Customers with facilities located within your Territory, but neither YESCO LLC, we nor our other Affiliates 
are obligated to negotiate or enter into an agreement with any current or potential National Accounts Program 
Customers.  YESCO LLC will manage the accounts and agreements with all National Accounts Program 
