30 
 
Answering and Inspection Booking Services 
 
 
We provide telephone answering and inspection booking services called EZBook 
Connections, which provides call center and first-level customer engagement, consultation and 
inspection booking services for your franchised business. If you elect to use EZBook Connections 
in the operation of your franchised business, there are separate user fees for these services due 
monthly.  
 
You may opt-out of using EZBook Connections provided that you have full-time, dedicated 
staff available to handle telephone answering and inspection booking services at the local level 
full-time, Monday through Friday, from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. local time. All persons that you 
designate to provide telephone answering and inspection booking services must successfully 
complete the EZBook Direct training program. All telephone answering and inspection booking 
services for the franchised business must comply with our standards or such other standards and 
specifications established by us from time to time. In the event you fail to maintain our standards 
for handling telephone answering and inspection booking services at the local level, we can require 
you to use EZBook Connections at our sole discretion. 
 
Financial Reporting Software 
 
 
You must use software that will be made available or designated by us from time to time 
to create consolidated financial reports for the franchised business. We provide you access to the 
software, currently provided by Qvinci, that connects directly with QuickBooks and creates 
consolidated financial reports for your franchised business. You are required to use this software 
in the operation of the franchised business, including to create certain financial reports that are 
required to be submitted to us under the Franchise Agreement. The cost of the licensing and 
subscription fees paid by us to provide you access to this software is included in the continuing 
Financial Reporting Fee. See Item 6. You must pay for the costs of any software maintenance, 
repairs, upgrades and updates that we may require from time to time, and there is no contractual 
limitations on the frequency or costs of these obligations under the Franchise Agreement.   
 
Operating Manual 
 
 
We will loan you a copy of the Manual that contains mandatory and suggested 
specifications, standards and procedures. The Manual is confidential and remains our property. 
We will modify the Manual from time to time, but the modification will not alter your status and 
rights under the Franchise Agreement. The total number of pages in the Manual is 13, and it 
contains links to other information. The table of contents for the Manual is attached as Exhibit C. 
 
Staffing 
 
 
You must staff the Pillar To Post home inspection franchise with the minimum levels of 
qualified personnel as we may specify from time to time, and you must add additional home 
inspectors to meet the current needs of the business and the future growth required by the Franchise 
Agreement. See Item 12. Currently, you are required to add a full-time home inspector or full-time 
marketing person to your staff within your first twelve (12) months after you complete your Phase 
