38 
 
conversion program offered franchisees the opportunity to protect certain referral sources after 
conversion. Therefore, an existing franchisee within the same territory may have converted that 
territory from an exclusive territory to a non-exclusive territory and retained the right to solicit 
business exclusively from a particular real estate agent or other referral source as part of that 
conversion. If that is the case, you will not be permitted to solicit business from that real estate 
agent or referral source and they will be specifically identified in an addendum to your Franchise 
Agreement.  
 
There are no other circumstances that permit us to modify your territory during the term of 
the Franchise Agreement. Your territory may be modified during any renewal term to address 
changes in the market or current market conditions.  
 
You must generate Gross Revenues of at least $100,000 in months 1-12 after your Training 
Completion Date; $200,000 in months 13-24 after your Training Completion Date; $300,000 in 
months 25-36 after your Training Completion Date; $400,000 in months 37-48 after your Training 
Completion Date; and $500,000 in months 49-60 after your Training Completion Date. These 
minimum Gross Revenue requirements apply only to the initial term of the Franchise Agreement. 
In renewal terms, and in the case of the transfer by you of an established territory, the sales volume 
requirements may be adjusted to reflect the potential of an established market. 
 
You must pay minimum monthly Royalty Fees, if applicable, and you must schedule a 
minimum of 80% of your home inspections through EZ Book Connections, if applicable. 
 
You do not receive the right to acquire additional franchises.  
 
You are not permitted to relocate the territory of your franchised business. The vast 
majority of Pillar To Post franchisees operate their businesses from their homes, which we 
recommend. If you move, you will be permitted to relocate the Approved Location of your 
franchise to the new address of your home provided that you notify us in advance and your new 
address is within your territory.   
 
Except for rights expressly granted to you under the Franchise Agreement, we retain all of 
our rights and discretion with respect to the Trademarks, the Pillar To Post system, and Pillar To 
Post franchises wherever located, including the right to (a) operate, and grant others the right to 
operate, Pillar To Post franchises at locations and on terms and conditions we deem appropriate; 
(b) sell any products or services under the Trademarks or under any other trademarks, service 
marks or trade dress, through other channels of distribution; and (c) operate, and grant to others 
the right to operate, home inspection businesses identified by trademarks, service marks or trade 
dress, other than the Trademarks, under terms and conditions we deem appropriate. 
 
Although we have not done so, we and our affiliates may sell products under the 
Trademarks through any method of distribution other than a dedicated Pillar To Post franchise, 
including sales through such channels of distribution as the internet, catalog sales, telemarketing, 
or other direct marketing sales (together, “alternative distribution channels”). You may not use 
alternative distribution channels to make sales except as described in the following paragraph and 
you will receive no compensation for our sales through alternative distribution channels.  
