21 
 
You are required to use our telephone answering and inspection booking services called 
EZBook Connections or our telephone answering and inspection booking training services called 
EZBook Direct in the operation of the Pillar To Post home inspection franchise. If you elect to use 
EZBook Connections to answer your telephone and book your inspections, you must pay us a user 
fee for access to those services. See Items 6 and 11. If you do not elect to use EZBook Connections, 
you will have to employ a full-time employee to answer your telephone and book your inspections, 
and that employee must successfully complete our EZBook Direct training program. We may 
designate another supplier or suppliers for the telephone answering and inspection booking 
services or the telephone answering and inspection booking training services that you must use in 
the operation of the franchised business. As of the effective date of this Franchise Disclosure 
Document, there are no other approved suppliers for telephone answering and inspection booking 
services or telephone answering and inspection booking training services other than us. 
 
You are required to use software in the operation of the Pillar To Post home inspection 
franchise that creates PTP360, PTPFloorplan, and PTPVirtualOpenHouse from compatible 360° 
photos (the “PTP360 Software”). DocuSketch, the current supplier of the PTP360 Software, is not 
affiliated with us. You must pay us user fees for access to the PTP360 Software. See Items 6 and 
11. We may designate another supplier or suppliers for the PTP360 Software that you must use in 
the operation of the franchised business. As of the effective date of this Franchise Disclosure 
Document, there are no other approved suppliers for the PTP360 Software. 
 
You are required to purchase Pillar To Post marketing brochures, business cards, letterhead 
and other marketing materials from BFC Forms Service, Inc. (“BFC”), telephone services from 
Clarity Voice, telephone answering services from One Contact Canada, branded clothing and 
promotional items from The Branding Company, vehicle wraps and signage from IDP Graphics, 
environmental laboratory services from EMSL Analytics, Inc., PTPEstimates services from 
BOSSCAT Home Services, professional liability insurance and general liability insurance under 
an insurance program with Citadel Inspector Pro, other required insurance from one of our 
designated insurance providers, an inspection tablet computer from our designated supplier, an 
infrared camera from our designated supplier, a 360° camera and equipment package from our 
designated supplier, and Premium and Prestige appliance recall checks from our designated 
supplier. These suppliers are not affiliated with us, and we may designate another supplier for any 
or all of these products, services or supplies. As of the date of this Franchise Disclosure Document, 
there are no other approved suppliers for these items. 
 
The cost of the required products, services and supplies purchased in accordance with the 
Franchise Disclosure Document, the Franchise Agreement and the Operations Manual (“Manual”), 
including fees for products and services paid to us, represent approximately 64% of the total cost 
to establish your franchise and approximately 50% of the total cost to operate your franchise. For 
fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, we generated revenues of $5,075,240 as a result of required 
purchases from approved suppliers, which is 35.9% of our total revenues of $14,127,981. In 2024, 
these revenues were generated from payments from BFC and other designated suppliers. We have 
negotiated purchase arrangements with the designated suppliers that you are required to utilize in 
the operation of your business, which arrangements include the price terms. 
 
