FS Brands, Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 
(expressed in US dollars) 
(3)
Maintenance and repairs are expensed to operations as incurred, while betterments and additions are 
capitalized. On sale or retirement, the cost of the property and the related accumulated depreciation are 
removed from the respective accounts and any resulting gains or losses are reflected in income. 
Goodwill and intangible assets 
Goodwill represents the excess of purchase price over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in 
a business combination and is not subject to amortization. 
Intangible assets are recorded at a fair value on the date they are acquired and are amortized using the straight-
line method over their estimated useful lives as follows: 
Customer relationships
4 to 20 years
Trademark
15 to 30 years
Franchise agreements
pattern of use
Goodwill is tested for impairment annually, on August 1, or more frequently if events or changes in 
circumstances indicate the asset might be impaired, in which case the carrying amount of the asset is written 
down to fair value. Impairment of goodwill is tested at the reporting unit level. Impairment is tested by first 
assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting 
unit is less than its carrying amount. Where it is determined to be more likely than not that its fair value is 
greater than its carrying amount, no further testing is required. When the qualitative analysis is not sufficient to 
support that the fair value exceeds the carrying amount, a goodwill impairment test is performed. The Company 
also has an unconditional option to bypass the qualitative assessment for any reporting unit in any period and 
proceed directly to performing a quantitative goodwill impairment test. The Company may resume performing 
the qualitative assessment in any subsequent period. A quantitative goodwill impairment test is performed by 
comparing the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. Fair value is estimated 
using a market multiple method, which estimates market multiples of earnings before interest, taxes, 
depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) for comparable entities with similar operations and economic 
characteristics. Significant assumptions used in estimating the fair value of each reporting unit include the 
market multiples of EBITDA. 
Impairment of long-lived assets 
The Company reviews the carrying amount of its long-lived assets including, but not limited to, property and 
equipment and intangible and other assets, if events or changes in circumstances indicate the asset might be 
impaired. The carrying amount of a long-lived asset group is considered impaired when the undiscounted cash 
flow from such asset group is estimated to be less than its carrying amount. In that event, a loss is recognized as 
the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds its fair value. Fair value is determined primarily using the 
anticipated cash flows discounted at a rate commensurate with the risk involved. Losses on long-lived asset 
groups to be disposed of would be determined in a similar manner, except that fair value would be reduced by 
any costs of disposal. 
