2 
 
The Franchise Offered  
 
 
We franchise the operation of independently owned and operated businesses which offer 
distinctive residential inspection services for single family and multi-family residences, as well as 
added services including mold testing, radon testing, septic system inspection, sewer scoping, 
swimming pool, spa and hot tub inspection, water system testing, well inspection, wind mitigation 
inspection, virtual open house, and other health and safety-related services.  
 
We offer our services and products under the names “Pillar To Post” and “Pillar To Post 
Home Inspectors.”  We are not engaged in any other business activities. The market for the services 
to be provided by you is developed and arises primarily from the purchase or sale of single-family 
and multi-family homes. You will provide homeowners, home sellers, homebuyers and others 
involved in the real estate industry with clear, unbiased, objective information about a home’s 
condition in accordance with Pillar To Post’s brand standards and operating basics. Each 
franchisee will offer its services to its customers directly or through referral sources such as real 
estate brokers and agents, lawyers, mortgage lenders, and relocation services. You will have to 
compete for this market in your territory with other businesses offering the same or similar services 
on a local, regional, and national basis, including other authorized Pillar To Post home inspection 
franchises.    
 
 
We and Pillar To Post (Canada), in conjunction with other experts in the field of home 
inspection, have developed a training and instruction program for you that includes all aspects of 
marketing, managing and operating the franchised business in accordance with Pillar To Post’s 
mandatory policies, practices, procedures, regulations, and standards, including its brand standards 
and operating basics. The experience of our officers, directors and employees in the operation and 
administration of a home inspection franchise system has given them the experience to administer 
this home inspection franchise system.  
 
Applicable Regulations 
 
 
Some states require licensing or certification for home inspectors. You should determine 
whether any licensing or certification is required in your location. You alone are responsible for 
investigating, understanding and complying with all other applicable laws, regulations and 
requirements applicable to you and your Pillar To Post home inspection franchise. 
 
Other Pillar To Post Affiliates 
 
 
The following is a list of Pillar To Post’s affiliates (other than Pillar To Post (Canada) 
discussed above), including the principal address, a description of the business, and the number of 
franchises of each. Other than as disclosed below, neither Pillar To Post nor its predecessors nor 
any of the affiliates described below presently operate businesses of the type that they franchise, 
offer franchises in any other line of business, or engage in any other type of business. 
 
 
