 
 
31
 
Initial____ 
15.4.4 If Franchisee fails to promptly pay all Franchisee's expenses incurred in the 
operation of the Pillar To Post home inspection franchise; 
15.4.5 Except as provided in Section 15.2.8 hereof, if Franchisee fails, refuses, or 
neglects to obtain Franchisor's prior written approval or consent as required by this 
Agreement; 
15.4.6 If Franchisee acts, or fails to act, in any manner which is inconsistent with 
or contrary to its lease or sublease for the Approved Location, or in any way jeopardizes 
its right to renewal of such lease or sublease; or 
15.4.7 If Franchisee engages in any business or markets any service or product 
under a name or mark which, in Franchisor's opinion, is confusingly similar to the Marks. 
15.5 
If Franchisee commits any action, or any other event occurs, which constitutes 
grounds for termination of this Agreement, Franchisor has the option, but not the obligation to: (i) 
reduce or modify the Territory; (ii) suspend Franchisee’s right to access the Technology Platform 
or any other systems used by the Pillar To Post System; (iii) suspend Franchisee’s right to receive 
requests for inspections generated through telephone call centers, websites, or other centralized 
marketing platforms utilized by the Pillar To Post System; (iv) suspend Franchisee’s right to 
acquire goods and services from designated suppliers; and/or (v) suspend Franchisee’s right to 
operate the Pillar To Post home inspection system. Such actions will take effect immediately upon 
Franchisor’s written notice to Franchisee. If Franchisor reduces or modifies the Territory, 
Franchisee may not thereafter open and operate the Pillar To Post home inspection franchise in the 
portion of the Territory withdrawn from Franchisee. Franchisor’s election of any of these remedies 
will not preclude Franchisor from invoking its right to terminate this Agreement if the act or event 
constituting grounds for termination continues to exist. 
16. 
OBLIGATIONS UPON TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION 
Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, all rights granted hereunder to 
Franchisee shall forthwith terminate, and: 
16.1 
Franchisee shall immediately cease to operate the Pillar To Post home inspection 
franchise, and shall not thereafter, directly or indirectly, represent to the public or hold itself out 
as a present or former franchisee of Franchisor. 
16.2 
Franchisee shall immediately cease to use, in any manner whatsoever, any 
confidential methods, procedures, and techniques associated with the Pillar To Post System; the 
Marks, and all other distinctive forms, slogans, signs, domain names, symbols, and devices 
associated with the Pillar To Post System. Without limiting the foregoing, Franchisee shall 
immediately cease to use all signs, advertising materials, vehicle wraps, displays, stationery, 
forms, brochures, business cards, products, domain names and any other articles that display the 
Marks. 
16.3 
Franchisee shall immediately cancel any trade or fictitious name registration or 
similar registrations obtained by Franchisee which contain or reference any of the Marks. 
