 
 
39
 
Initial____ 
Notices to Franchisor: 
 
PILLAR TO POST, INC. 
14502 N. Dale Mabry Highway 
Suite 200 
Tampa, Florida 33618 
Attn: Chief Executive Officer 
 
Notices to Franchisee: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Any notice by a means which affords the sender evidence of delivery or attempted delivery 
shall be deemed to have been given and received at the date and time of receipt or attempted 
delivery, provided, however, if delivery or attempted delivery is on a holiday or weekend, delivery 
shall be deemed to have been given and received on the next business day. 
Franchisor may provide notices to Franchisee under this Agreement using any 
communication means regularly used by Franchisor for systemwide communications if the subject 
of the notice equally applies to all Pillar To Post franchisees in the System. 
23. 
ENTIRE AGREEMENT 
This Agreement, the preambles and exhibits to this Agreement, if any, and the documents 
referred to herein constitute the entire Agreement between Franchisor and Franchisee concerning 
the subject matter hereof, and supersede any prior written or oral agreements or representations. 
Nothing in this or in any related agreement is intended to disclaim the representations made in the 
franchise disclosure document that was furnished by Franchisor to Franchisee. Except for those 
permitted to be made unilaterally by Franchisor hereunder, no amendment, change, or variance 
from this Agreement shall be binding on either party unless mutually agreed to by the parties and 
executed by their authorized officers or agents in writing. 
24. 
SEVERABILITY AND CONSTRUCTION 
24.1 
If, for any reason, any section, part, term, provision, and/or covenant herein is 
determined to be invalid and contrary to, or in conflict with, any existing or future law or regulation 
by a court or agency having valid jurisdiction, such determination shall not impair the operation 
of, or have any other effect upon, any other portions, sections, parts, terms, provisions, and/or 
covenants of this Agreement as may remain otherwise intelligible; and the latter shall continue to 
be given full force and effect and bind the parties hereto; and said invalid portions, sections, parts, 
terms, provisions, and/or covenants shall be deemed not to be a part of this Agreement. 
24.2 
Any provision or covenant of this Agreement, which expressly or by its nature 
imposes obligations beyond the expiration or termination of this Agreement survive such 
expiration or termination. 
