27 
 
reserve the right to use fees paid to the Brand Fund to place advertising in national media 
(including broadcast, print or other media) at any time.  
 
 
You will be required to pay a monthly Brand Fee to the Brand Fund equal to four percent 
(4%) of the monthly Gross Revenues of the franchised business.   
 
We administer the Brand Fund in the following manner: 
 
1.  
We will direct all promotion and advertising programs, with sole discretion over 
the concepts, materials, and media used in such programs and the placement and allocation of these 
materials. The Brand Fund is intended to maximize general public recognition, acceptance, and 
use of the System, particularly within the real estate industry. We are not obligated, in 
administering the Brand Fund, to make expenditures that are equivalent or proportionate to each 
franchisee’s contribution, or to ensure that any particular franchisee benefits directly or pro rata 
from expenditures by the Brand Fund. 
 
2.  
The Brand Fund, all contributions to it, and any earnings on the funds, will be used 
exclusively to meet any and all costs of maintaining, administering, directing, conducting, and 
preparing advertising, marketing, public relations, and/or promotional programs and materials, and 
any other activities which we believe will enhance the image of the System, including, among 
other things, the costs of preparing and conducting traditional media and social media advertising 
campaigns; direct mail advertising; marketing surveys; employing advertising and/or public 
relations agencies to assist in the promotions; purchasing promotional items; employing agencies 
specializing in search engine optimization, online reputation management and other online and 
social media marketing services, and providing promotional and other marketing materials, 
websites, social media presence and services to the businesses operating under the System. No part 
of the Brand Fund will be used for solicitation of franchise sales. 
 
3.  
You must contribute to the Brand Fund by separate EFT made payable to the Brand 
Fund. All sums paid by franchisees to the Brand Fund will be maintained in a segregated account 
separate from our other accounts. Except for the reasonable expenses and overhead incurred to 
administer the Brand Fund discussed below, the Brand Fund and any earnings will not otherwise 
inure to the benefit of us. We currently do not operate any company-owned units. To the extent 
that we do so in the future, the company-owned units will be required to contribute to the Brand 
Fund on the same basis as franchisees. Separate bookkeeping accounts will be maintained for the 
Brand Fund. Any fund balance not spent in the fiscal year in which it accrues is carried over for 
use in future fiscal years. An annual financial statement of the Brand Fund, which is reviewed but 
not audited, will be made available to the Chairman and Vice-Chairman of the Franchise Advisory 
Council, a representative body of franchisees. During the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024, 
the Brand Fund spent 18% on national media placement, 8% on real estate industry 
alliances/tradeshows, 36% on marketing services directly benefitting franchisees (including search 
engine optimization (SEO) services, online reputation management services, social media 
services, public relations (PR) services, and other creative content), 25% on Administration, and 
13% on miscellaneous marketing expenses.   
 
