25 
 
ITEM 11  -  FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, 
ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS AND TRAINING 
 
 
Except as listed below, Pillar To Post is not required to provide you with any 
assistance.  
 
Pre-Opening Assistance 
 
 
Before you open your business, we will: 
 
1.  
Designate your territory (Franchise Agreement - Section 1 and Exhibit A). 
 
2.  
Conduct a training program that you must satisfactorily complete prior to opening 
your business (Franchise Agreement - Section 6). 
 
3. 
Supply our Manual (Franchise Agreement - Section 9). 
 
4. 
Supply access to our computer software and data storage (Franchise Agreement - 
Section 9).  
 
5. 
You are responsible for setting the prices for the products and services that you 
provide. We do not set minimum and/or maximum prices at which you must sell products and 
services.  
 
 
Although we are not bound to do so by the Franchise Agreement, we generally assist you 
in making the franchised business ready to commence operations. We estimate the typical length 
of time between the execution of the Franchise Agreement and the commencement of a franchised 
business is between seventy-five (75) and one hundred twenty-five (125) days. The factors that 
affect this time are state licensing, training, zoning or local ordinances, permitting, etc. A 
franchised business must be opened within one hundred twenty (120) days of the date you 
complete the initial training program.  
 
 
You select your business site within your territory subject to our approval. The vast 
majority of Pillar To Post franchisees operate their businesses from their homes, which we 
recommend. In most cases, a franchisee’s home is located within the territory discussed in Item 12 
below. You must have our written approval to change the approved location of your business or to 
operate your business from a location outside of your territory. If you have not obtained an 
approved location for your business at the time that the Franchise Agreement is executed, you 
must obtain a location through purchase or lease that meets our then-current standards and 
specifications as determined by us in our sole subjective discretion exercised in good faith within 
sixty (60) days of the date the Franchise Agreement is executed. You must be open for business 
within one hundred twenty (120) days of the date you complete the initial training program. We 
can agree to extend this deadline for an additional sixty (60) days if we determine in our sole 
subjective discretion that your failure to obtain an approved location or open for business did not 
result from your failure to exercise due diligence or use your best efforts. If the site is not agreed 
