18 
 
(C) 
You must purchase a set of specific tools from our approved supplier upon 
registering for initial training. This tools list will be provided to you at that time in the form of an 
order form with the approved supplier. 
 
(D) 
In addition to the Pillar To Post tool bundle that you order from an approved 
supplier, you will receive a list of tools/equipment necessary to operate your franchised business 
that you must purchase from local suppliers of your choosing.  
 
(E) 
Successful operation of your franchised business depends heavily upon the use of 
computers and the internet. Pillar To Post has a required inspection tablet computer. You will be 
required to purchase your initial inspection tablet computer when you sign the Franchise 
Agreement, which will be sent to you prior to the start of the initial training and used during 
training. You will be required to purchase a monthly data plan to support your inspection tablet 
computer.  You will also be required to purchase an additional office computer, the requirements 
of which are set forth in Item 11.  
 
(F) 
You will be required to purchase from an approved supplier an equipment package 
to enable you to utilize PTP360 technology. The equipment package includes a 360° camera, 
tripod, bag and memory card.  
 
(G) 
You will need to operate a home office with typical office equipment, which can 
be purchased locally from a supplier of your choice. This equipment includes, but is not limited 
to, a desk, desk chair, office printer, scanner, high-speed internet service, etc. You will also need 
to purchase office supplies including, but not limited to, paper, ink, pens, pencils, miscellaneous 
supplies, etc. 
 
(H) 
You will be required to establish an account with our designated supplier to 
maintain two (2) business telephone lines that will be used in the operation of the franchised 
business (the “Business Lines”). The current pricing for the Business Lines includes a one-time 
start-up fee of $40 and a continuing monthly fee of $49.97. 
 
(I) 
You will be required to establish accounts for internet and cell phone services from 
local providers. 
 
(J) 
You will be required to order a Foundations for Success Marketing Bundle from 
our approved supplier while you are in initial training. This bundle will include the materials you 
need for your start-up marketing program such as business cards, realtor brochures, face-to-face 
marketing materials, etc. 
 
(K) 
You will need to obtain a business license and register an assumed or fictitious 
name for your business as required by state and local law.  
 
(L) 
As part of your Foundations for Success start-up marketing program, you will be 
required to set up an account and utilize an automated, digital marketing campaign with our 
approved supplier. The cost of this campaign will vary depending on the number of names in your 
