 
 
8
 
Initial____ 
entitled to set-off any payments required to be made under this Section 4 against any monetary 
claim it may have against Franchisor. 
4.11 
Franchisee shall make all payments owed to Franchisor under this Agreement or 
any other agreements by electronic funds transfer (“EFT”) authorized in advance for automatic 
debit or such other electronic payment mechanism established by Franchisor from time to time. 
Acceptance of payment by EFT or other means of payment shall not be deemed a waiver of any 
rights of Franchisor.  
4.11.1 Upon execution of this Agreement, Franchisee must complete, sign and 
deliver to Franchisor all documentation and bank account information necessary to 
authorize and effect the EFT payments required herein. 
4.11.2 Franchisee must complete, sign and deliver to Franchisor such 
documentation, information and authorization as may from time to time be required to 
maintain EFT or other payment mechanism capability. Franchisee agrees (i) to give 
Franchisor at least fourteen (14) days prior written notice (except in the case of emergency) 
before making any change to Franchisee’s EFT bank account, providing all documentation, 
information and authorization required to change EFT to the new account; (ii) to pay 
Franchisor its then-current late fee, plus interest, collection costs and reasonable attorneys’ 
fees, if Franchisee’s bank rejects Franchisor’s EFT request because of insufficient funds; 
and (iii) upon demand, to replace any payment by EFT rejected by Franchisee’s bank with 
a bank certified or cashier’s check in the aggregate amount owed, plus interest, late fees, 
costs of collection and reasonable attorneys’ fees.  
5. 
RENOVATION AND OPENING OF THE PILLAR TO POST FRANCHISE 
5.1 
Franchisee shall be responsible, at Franchisee's expense, for obtaining all zoning 
classifications, licenses, permits, and clearances, including, but not limited to, professional 
licenses, business licenses and certificates of occupancy, which may be required by federal, state, 
municipal or local laws, ordinances, or regulations, or which may be necessary or advisable in 
connection with any restrictive covenants relating to the Approved Location for the Pillar To Post 
home inspection franchise. 
5.2 
Franchisee shall obtain Franchisor's written approval prior to opening the Pillar To 
Post home inspection franchise, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, and shall open 
the Pillar To Post home inspection franchise for business not later than one hundred twenty (120) 
days after completion of the Initial Training Program (as defined in Section 6.1 below). The parties 
agree that time is of the essence in the opening of the Pillar To Post home inspection franchise. 
5.3 
Not less than thirty (30) days prior to the opening date of the Pillar To Post home 
inspection franchise, Franchisee shall order from Franchisor and/or its designated suppliers such 
initial inventory of the Proprietary Products (as defined in Section 7.4 hereof), equipment, 
uniforms, marketing materials and initial supplies as prescribed by Franchisor in the Manual or 
otherwise in writing. Franchisee shall provide to Franchisor reasonable and timely proof of such 
orders. 
 
