 
 
ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FOR THE STATE OF WASHINGTON 
 
We supplement Item 3 of the Franchise Disclosure Document to include: 
 
In re: Franchise No Poaching Provisions (Pillar To Post, Inc.), Case No. 19-2-26769-1 
SEA, State of Washington, King County Superior Court.  In August 2019, the Attorney General 
of Washington initiated an investigation of us relating to “no-poach” language in our franchise 
agreements that restricted a franchisee’s ability to solicit or hire workers from another competing 
franchisee or corporate-owned unit.  On October 11, 2019, Pillar To Post, Inc.’s Assurance of 
Discontinuance (“AOD”) was approved by the court, pursuant to which we agreed to (i) no longer 
include no-poach provisions in any future franchise agreements and (ii) no longer enforce no-
poach provisions in any existing franchise agreements.  The no-poach provision addressed in the 
AOD is a standard provision in many franchise agreements, and the Washington Attorney General 
has entered into AOD’s with over 200 franchisors.   
 
In the event of a conflict of laws, the provisions of the Washington Franchise Investment 
Protection Act, Chapter 19.100 RCW will prevail.  
  
RCW 19.100.180 may supersede the franchise agreement in your relationship with the 
franchisor including the areas of termination and renewal of your franchise.  There may also be 
court decisions which may supersede the franchise agreement in your relationship with the 
franchisor including the areas of termination and renewal of your franchise.  
  
In any arbitration or mediation involving a franchise purchased in Washington, the 
arbitration or mediation site will be either in the state of Washington, or in a place mutually agreed 
upon at the time of the arbitration or mediation, or as determined by the arbitrator or mediator at 
the time of arbitration or mediation.  In addition, if litigation is not precluded by the franchise 
agreement, a franchisee may bring an action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with the 
sale of franchises, or a violation of the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, in 
Washington.  
  
A release or waiver of rights executed by a franchisee may not include rights under the 
Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act or any rule or order thereunder except when 
executed pursuant to a negotiated settlement after the agreement is in effect and where the parties 
are represented by independent counsel.  Provisions such as those which unreasonably restrict or 
limit the statute of limitations period for claims under the Act, or rights or remedies under the Act 
such as a right to a jury trial, may not be enforceable.  
  
Transfer fees are collectable to the extent that they reflect the franchisor’s reasonable 
estimated or actual costs in effecting a transfer.  
  
Pursuant to RCW 49.62.020, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable against 
an employee, including an employee of a franchisee, unless the employee’s earnings from the party 
seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $100,000 per year (an amount that will be adjusted 
annually for inflation).  In addition, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable against 
