29 
 
Component 
Requirement 
Antivirus (Windows Defender or equivalent) 
Internet connection 
Broadband Internet Access, minimum 10 Mbps  
download 
 
The standards for the office computer change from time to time according to our software 
requirements and changes in available technology. The estimated cost to purchase the office 
computer and other office computer equipment is $1,000 – $2,000. You must pay for the costs of 
any computer maintenance, repairs, upgrades and updates that we may require from time to time, 
and there is no contractual limitations on the frequency or costs of these obligations in the 
Franchise Agreement. Additionally, the office computer will require internet access.  
 
Software and Data Storage 
 
 
You must use computer software and data storage that will be made available or designated 
by us from time to time. You must pay for the costs of any software or data storage maintenance, 
repairs, upgrades and updates that we may require from time to time, and there is no contractual 
limitations on the frequency or costs of these obligations in the Franchise Agreement.  
 
We provide you access to our OnePoint software platform, which is a proprietary bundle 
of software that includes Salesforce.com, DocuSign, Schedulo, Amazon cloud services and other 
third-party software, and PTPHomePage. OnePoint provides you a complete software platform for 
marketing your business; booking, confirming and communicating with your customers and 
referral sources; creating, executing and managing your agreements with customers; creating 
invoices and processing payments; and creating home inspection reports delivered electronically 
to your customers. We also provide you access to software provided by DocuSketch that creates 
PTP360, PTPFloorplan, and PTPVirtualOpenHouse from compatible 360° photos (the “PTP360 
Software”). OnePoint and the PTP360 Software utilize cloud-based storage and are interactive 
with most mobile devices. You are required to use OnePoint and the PTP360 Software in the 
operation of the franchised business. The cost of the licensing and subscription fees paid by us to 
provide you access to OnePoint and the related data storage is included in the continuing IT Fee. 
The costs of the licensing and subscription fees paid by us to provide you access to the PTP360 
Software is included in user fees that are paid separately. See Item 6. We will provide ongoing 
maintenance, repairs, upgrades or updates for the software and data storage. You must pay for the 
costs of any software or data storage maintenance, repairs, upgrades and updates that we may 
require from time to time, and there is no contractual limitation on the frequency or costs of these 
obligations in the Franchise Agreement.  
 
We own and have independent access to the information and data generated and stored by 
the software that we provide, including customer lists and other customer information, and there 
are no contractual limitations on our right to access or use this information. Upon expiration or 
termination of the Franchise Agreement, you may receive electronic copies of each home 
inspection report prepared by the franchised business using the OnePoint software platform that 
we provide in pdf or other useable format if requested within 90 days of expiration or termination. 
 
