 
 
14
 
Initial____ 
conscientious, and properly trained. All members of Franchisee’s staff who perform home 
inspections (including employees, contract employees, independent contractors, officers, 
directors, shareholders, members, and partners) shall attend and successfully complete to 
Franchisor's sole subjective satisfaction the Initial Training Program at Franchisee's own expense. 
Franchisee shall satisfactorily train all remaining members of its staff who do not attend the Initial 
Training Program to the standards established by Franchisor from time to time. Franchisee shall 
take all steps necessary to ensure that its staff preserves good customer relations; renders 
competent, prompt, courteous, and knowledgeable service; and meets such minimum standards as 
Franchisor may establish from time to time in the Manual or otherwise in writing. Franchisee and 
its staff shall handle all customer complaints, refunds, returns, and other adjustments in a manner 
that will not detract from the name and goodwill of Franchisor. Notwithstanding the foregoing or 
any other provision of this Agreement, Franchisee (and not Franchisor) shall at all times be 
responsible for all employment decisions related to the Pillar To Post home inspection franchise, 
including, but not limited to, hiring, firing, training, promotion, remuneration, compliance with 
laws (including without limitation wage and hour requirements and human rights legislation), 
recordkeeping, supervision and discipline. Franchisee expressly agrees that Franchisor does not 
have the power to hire, fire, or control in any manner whatsoever the employees of the Pillar To 
Post home inspection franchise.  
7.16 
Franchisee shall not unilaterally implement any change, amendment, or 
improvement to the Pillar To Post System without the prior written consent of Franchisor. 
Franchisee, at its sole expense, shall implement any change, amendment, or improvement to the 
Pillar To Post System as may be required by Franchisor from time to time. 
7.17 
Franchisee shall comply with all terms of its lease or sublease, and all other 
agreements affecting the operation of the Pillar To Post home inspection franchise; shall undertake 
best efforts to maintain a good and positive working relationship with its landlord and other 
vendors, and shall refrain from any activity which may jeopardize Franchisee's right to remain in 
possession of the Approved Location. 
7.18 
Franchisee shall be responsible for obtaining legal advice from an attorney of 
Franchisee’s choosing, which advice shall be specific to Franchisee’s jurisdiction and individual 
circumstances, including advice as to the laws, rules and regulations regulating home inspection 
and the operation of Pillar To Post home inspection franchise. 
7.19 
Franchisee shall be responsible for obtaining accounting advice from an accountant 
of Franchisee’s choosing, which advice shall be specific to Franchisee’s jurisdiction and individual 
circumstances. 
8. 
MARKS 
8.1 
Franchisor represents to Franchisee with respect to the Marks that: 
8.1.1 Franchisor or its affiliates or licensors are the owners of the Marks; 
8.1.2 Franchisor has the exclusive right to use, and to license others to use, the 
Marks in the United States; and 
