31 
 
3 training, and you must maintain that same minimum level of staffing for the remainder of that 
first year. Beginning on the first day of your second year and continuing through the end of the 
term of your Franchise Agreement, you are currently required to maintain a minimum staff, 
inclusive of the owner, that includes one full-time inspector and one full-time marketing person. 
All members of your staff who perform home inspections are required to successfully complete 
our training program at your expense. 
 
Employment Decisions 
 
 
You are at all times responsible for all employment decisions related to your Pillar To Post 
home inspection franchise, including, but not limited to, hiring, firing, training, promotion, 
remuneration, compliance with laws (including without limitation wage and hour requirements 
and human rights legislation), recordkeeping, supervision and discipline of employees. 
 
Training 
 
 
You (or, if the franchised business is a corporation or limited liability company, then the 
manager designated by you and acceptable to us, or if a partnership, then 50% of the partners) 
must successfully complete our training program for new franchisees prior to your actual 
commencement of business operations. The fee for you or the manager designated by you to attend 
the training program is included in the initial fee. Additionally, your employees that perform home 
inspections must successfully complete, at your expense, our training program.  
 
The training program will take place through our live virtual training environment and is 
coupled with online learning through our AHIT and OnePoint Learning Academy (OPLA) online 
platforms. You must pay all travel and living expenses of all attendees at the training program. We 
will not pay compensation for any services performed by you and any other attendees in connection 
with and during such training. You must satisfactorily complete such training to our sole, 
subjective satisfaction, exercised in good faith. The training program is held regularly throughout 
the year.    
 
The training program provides comprehensive instruction and hands-on experience 
designed to provide franchisees with the knowledge and skills necessary to operate their franchised 
business effectively. The training program is presented in three phases: 
 
• 
Phase 1 – The Ultimate Home Inspection (7 weeks): This phase is focused on developing 
technical home inspection skills, system knowledge, and brand standards through hands-
on practice and independent inspections. Phase 1 of the training program is scheduled to 
be completed in 7 weeks, with 5 weeks of instruction and 2 weeks of independent 
inspections. 
 
• 
Phase 2 – Business Leadership (1 week): This phase is focused on strategic planning, 
operational leadership, and business growth strategies, culminating in the creation of a 
formal presentation using our Startup Planning Tool. Phase 2 of the training program is 
scheduled to be completed in 1 week. 
 
