 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
 
 
PILLAR TO POST, INC. 
14502 N. Dale Mabry Highway 
Suite 200 
Tampa, FL  33618 
(877) 963-3129 
franchise.development@pillartopost.com 
http://www.pillartopost.com 
 
PILLAR TO POST, INC. (the “Franchisor”) offers executive model franchises within a 
specified territory for the operation of a home inspection business offering unique residential 
inspection services, as well as related products and services, for single family and various multi-
family residences. 
 
 
We offer you the opportunity to purchase a home inspection franchise in a non-exclusive 
territory. The boundaries of the territory are established with reference to the boundaries utilized 
in the area by local boards of realtors and other demographic factors including housing units, 
housing re-sale activity, real estate offices, and population. We also consider the number of 
existing franchisees currently in the territory, if any, their current market share, and their planned 
growth. The total investment necessary to begin operation of a Pillar To Post franchised business 
is from $102,690 to $134,290. This includes $60,500 that must be paid to the Franchisor or its 
affiliate(s). 
 
This disclosure document summarizes certain provisions of your franchise agreement and 
other information in plain English. Read this disclosure document and all accompanying 
agreements carefully. You must receive this disclosure document at least 14 calendar days before 
you sign a binding agreement with, or make any payment to, the franchisor or an affiliate in 
connection with the proposed franchise sale. Note, however, that no governmental agency has 
verified the information contained in this document. 
 
You may wish to receive your disclosure document in another format that is more 
convenient for you. To discuss the availability of disclosures in different formats, contact the 
Franchise Development Department at 14502 N. Dale Mabry Highway, Suite 200, Tampa, Florida 
33618 or at (877) 963-3129. 
 
The terms of your contract will govern your franchise relationship. Do not rely on the 
disclosure document alone to understand your contract. Read all of your contract carefully. Show 
your contract and this disclosure document to an advisor, like a lawyer or accountant. 
 
Buying a franchise is a complex investment. The information in this disclosure document 
can help you make up your mind. More information on franchising, such as “A Consumer’s Guide 
to Buying a Franchise,” which can help you understand how to use this disclosure document, is 
available from the Federal Trade Commission. You can contact the FTC at 1-877-FTC-HELP or 
by writing to the FTC at 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20580. You can also 
