41 
 
Your and our obligations to protect your rights to use our copyrights are the same as the 
obligations for Trademarks described in Item 13 above. 
 
You may never – during the initial term, any renewal term or after the Franchise Agreement 
expires or is terminated – reveal any of our confidential information, including trade secrets, to 
another person or use it for any other purpose or business. You may not copy any of our 
confidential information or give it to a third party except as we authorize. All persons affiliated 
with you must sign our Confidentiality/Non-Competition Agreement. See Exhibit G-5. 
 
Our confidential information will include products, services, equipment, technologies, 
procedures and strategies relating to the operation of a Pillar To Post franchise; systems of 
operation, services, programs, products, procedures, policies, standards, techniques, requirements 
and specifications that are part of the Pillar To Post System; the Manual; records of customers and 
referral sources; billings; methods of advertising and promotion; instructional materials; and other 
matters. 
 
All data collected from former, existing, and/or potential customers and referral sources, 
including names and addresses, discounts and credit extensions to customers, customer contracts, 
reports, and status information (collectively “Customer Information”), are our trade secrets and 
confidential information. You are prohibited from disclosing Customer Information and our other 
proprietary information, trade secrets, and confidential information to third parties, including 
entering such information into public/open artificial intelligence (“AI”) models or any other AI 
model that uses such information to train the AI unless specifically authorized by us. You must 
adhere to any privacy policies we may now, or in the future, establish with respect to Customer 
Information.  
 
ITEM 15  -  OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE 
ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISED BUSINESS 
 
You are obligated to participate in the actual operation of the franchised business on an 
exclusive and full-time basis (minimum of 40 hours per week) during normal business hours. This 
obligation begins with your attendance at the Initial Training Program and precludes any other 
part-time employment or other work commitment. You must successfully complete our Initial 
Training Program and complete the “Foundations for Success” start-up program. In the case of a 
corporation, limited liability company or partnership franchisee, the direct, on-site supervision 
must be done by a person who owns a beneficial interest of at least one-half of the corporation, 
limited liability company or partnership entity, and must have taken the initial training course. 
That person must participate in the actual operation of the franchised business on an exclusive and 
full-time basis during normal business hours. In the case of a corporation, all shareholders, in the 
case of a limited liability company, all members, and in the case of a partnership, all partners, must 
sign a personal guarantee in the form of Exhibit G-1.  
 
Neither you nor the "on-premises" manager can have an interest in or business relationship 
with any of Pillar To Post’s business competitors. In the case of a corporation, all shareholders, in 
the case of a limited liability company, all members, and in the case of a partnership, all partners, 
must sign a Confidentiality/Non-Disclosure Agreement in the form of Exhibit G-5. The manager 
