 
 
ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FOR THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA 
 
The registration of this franchise offering by the California Department of Financial 
Protection and Innovation does not constitute approval, recommendation, or endorsement 
by the commissioner. 
 
THE CALIFORNIA FRANCHISE INVESTMENT LAW REQUIRES THAT A COPY 
OF ALL PROPOSED AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE SALE OF THE FRANCHISE BE 
DELIVERED TOGETHER WITH THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT. 
 
 
No person named in Item 2 of the Franchise Disclosure Document is subject to any 
currently effective order of any national securities association or national securities exchange, as 
defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 15 U.S.C.A. §78a, et seg., suspending or expelling 
such persons from membership in such association or exchange. 
 
The California Business and Professions Code Section 20000-20043 provide rights to the 
Franchisee concerning termination, transfer or non-renewal for a franchise. If the Franchise 
Agreement contains a provision that is inconsistent with the law, the law will control. 
 
Before the franchisor can ask you to materially modify your existing franchise agreement, 
Section 31125 of the California Corporations Code requires the franchisor to file a material 
modification application with the Department that includes a disclosure document showing the 
existing terms and the proposed new terms of your franchise agreement. Once the application is 
registered, the franchisor must provide you with that disclosure document with an explanation that 
the changes are voluntary. 
 
 
The Franchise Agreement provides for termination upon bankruptcy. This provision may 
not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C. § 101, et seq.). 
 
 
The Franchise Agreement contains a covenant not to compete which extends beyond the 
termination of the franchise. This provision may not be enforceable under California law. 
 
 
The Franchise Agreement requires binding arbitration. The arbitration will occur in Tampa, 
Florida. This provision may not be enforceable in California. Prospective franchisees are 
encouraged to consult private legal counsel to determine the applicability of California and federal 
laws (such as Business and Professions Code Section 20040.5, Code of Civil Procedure Section 
1281, and the Federal Arbitration Act) to any provisions of a franchise agreement restricting venue 
to a forum outside the State of California. 
 
 
The Franchise Agreement contains a provision requiring you to waive your right to punitive 
or exemplary damages against the franchisor or any of its representatives, limiting your recovery 
to actual damages. Under California Corporation Code Section 31512, these provisions are not 
enforceable in California for any claims you may have under the California Franchise Investment 
Law. 
 
