 
 
40
 
Initial____ 
24.3 
Except as expressly provided to the contrary herein, nothing in this Agreement is 
intended, nor shall be deemed, to confer upon any person or legal entity other than Franchisee, 
Franchisor, their respective officers, directors, and employees, and any of Franchisor's successors 
and assigns as may be contemplated by Section 14 of this Agreement any rights or remedies under 
or by reason of this Agreement. 
24.4 
Franchisee expressly agrees to be bound by any promise or covenant imposing the 
maximum duty permitted by law which is subsumed within the terms of any provision hereof, as 
though it were separately articulated in and made a part of this Agreement, or that may result from 
striking from any of the provisions hereof any portion or portions which a court or agency having 
valid jurisdiction may hold to be unreasonable and unenforceable in an unappealed final decision 
to which Franchisor is a party, or from reducing the scope of any promise or covenant to the extent 
required to comply with such a court or agency order. 
24.5 
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which 
when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, but such counterparts together shall 
constitute one and the same instrument. 
24.6 
The headings and captions contained herein are for the purpose of convenience and 
reference only and are not to be construed as a part of this Agreement. All terms and words used 
herein shall be construed to include the number and gender as the context of this Agreement may 
require. Unless specifically referenced otherwise, the parties agree that each section of this 
Agreement shall be construed independently of any other section or provision of this Agreement. 
25. 
DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND APPLICABLE LAW 
25.1 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the parties agree that all 
controversies, claims or disputes between Franchisor and Franchisee of whatever kind or nature, 
whether arising out of or relating to the negotiation, performance or breach of this or any other 
agreement or otherwise, shall be submitted to and resolved by arbitration before a sole arbitrator 
and such arbitration shall be administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) 
under its Commercial Arbitration Rules, except the parties shall be entitled to limited discovery, 
including depositions. The parties acknowledge that the arbitrators’ subpoena power is not subject 
to geographical limitations. The arbitrator shall have the right to award the relief that he or she 
deems proper, consistent with the terms of this Agreement, including compensatory damages (with 
interest on unpaid amounts from date due), specific performance, injunctive relief, attorneys’ fees 
and costs. This provision encompasses all causes of action, whether nominally a “claim”, 
“counterclaim” or “cross-claim”, and whether arising under common law or any state or federal 
statute. Nothing herein shall limit Franchisor’s rights or remedies in connection with any action in 
any court of competent jurisdiction for injunctive or other provisional relief that Franchisor deems 
necessary or appropriate to compel Franchisee to comply with Franchisee’s obligations under this 
Agreement or to protect the Marks. The arbitration proceedings, including, without limitation, all 
conferences, preliminary hearings and dispositive hearings, shall be conducted in Tampa, Florida. 
The award and decision of the arbitrator shall be conclusive and binding on all parties. Judgment 
upon the arbitration award, including, without limitation, any interim award for interim relief, may 
be entered in any court with jurisdiction thereof. This arbitration provision shall be self-executing. 
