37 
 
Conference annually. If you cannot attend for any reason, you will still be required to pay the 
registration fee and a non-attendance fee. You must pay any registration/training fee and all your 
travel and living expenses associated with any required conference, training course, seminar or 
meeting. These events are held at locations in the United States and Canada chosen by us. 
 
We also have established mandatory continuing education requirements for franchisees and 
their employees to assist in maintaining a standard of excellence in home inspection services. The 
specific requirements are set forth in the Manual. These requirements may be met through Pillar 
To Post sponsored events or through seminars and conferences sponsored by professional 
associations for home inspectors. Additionally, all franchisees and their inspector/employees are 
required to seek and maintain membership in good standing in a professional association for home 
inspectors that is approved by us. You must pay any registration training fee and all other travel 
and living expenses associated with any continuing education programs. 
 
ITEM 12  -  TERRITORY 
 
Prior to the execution of the Franchise Agreement, we will designate the size and location 
of the non-exclusive territory, which will be set forth on a map attached to the Franchise 
Agreement. We will design your territory by first considering the boundaries established in your 
area by local boards of realtors. Your territory will ultimately consist of a geographical area 
typically defined by counties and/or zip codes. There is no standard size of a territory. You will 
not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets 
that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control. You are 
not allowed to operate the franchised business outside of the territory without our prior written 
consent. Your territory is protected to the extent that no Pillar To Post franchisees with territories 
outside your non-exclusive territory will be permitted to operate in your non-exclusive territory. 
 
Except as provided above, you are not granted any rights in connection with the franchised 
business. You may not solicit orders for inspections of homes located outside of your territory 
without our prior written consent. You may not use other channels of distribution, such as the 
internet, catalog sales, telemarketing, or other direct marketing, to solicit or make orders for 
inspections of homes located outside of your territory. If you do, you are subject to termination. 
We currently do not operate any company-owned units, and therefore, do not solicit orders within 
your territory. To the extent we do so in the future, we reserve the right to solicit orders within 
your territory.  
 
The territory is important to both you and to us. Unlike a traditional retail business where 
the customer comes to you, the franchised business will require you to go to the customer. 
Additionally, the best referral sources, including real estate brokers, real estate agents, attorneys, 
mortgage brokers, bankers, insurance agents, and relocation agencies, will also be located 
throughout the territory. Thus, the franchised business will be operated throughout the 
geographical boundaries of the territory, not exclusively from the Approved Location.  
 
Pillar To Post previously offered franchises in exclusive territories, and there are current 
franchisees that still operate in exclusive territories. Pillar To Post previously offered the 
opportunity for franchisees to convert an exclusive territory to a non-exclusive territory. This 
