 
 
42
 
Initial____ 
25.8 
Nothing herein contained shall bar Franchisor's right to obtain injunctive relief in a 
court of competent jurisdiction against threatened conduct that shall cause it loss or damages, under 
the usual equity rules, including the applicable rules for obtaining specific performance, restraining 
orders, and preliminary injunctions; and Franchisee agrees to pay all court costs and reasonable 
attorneys' fees incurred by Franchisor in obtaining such relief. 
25.9 
This Agreement shall be deemed to have been made in, and shall be interpreted, 
construed and governed by the laws of, the State of Florida. Franchisee acknowledges that this 
Agreement is to be performed in part through services rendered to Franchisee in Florida. 
25.10 NO PARTY SHALL INITIATE OR PARTICIPATE IN ANY CLASS 
ACTION LITIGATION CLAIM AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY BOUND HEREBY.  
25.11 The provisions of this Section 25 shall continue in full force and effect subsequent 
to and not withstanding the expiration or termination of this Agreement, however effected. 
25.12 No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by 
Franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship under this 
Agreement shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, 
including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by 
Franchisor or any franchise seller or other person acting on behalf of Franchisor. This provision 
supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with this Agreement. 
26. 
FORCE MAJEURE 
26.1 
Franchisor shall not be liable to Franchisee, or be deemed to be in default of this 
Agreement, for any delay or failure of delivery of any products or services supplied by Franchisor 
to Franchisee resulting from any cause beyond Franchisor's reasonable control, including, but not 
limited to, weather conditions, acts of God, laws, regulations, or government orders, labor disputes, 
shortages of materials, or war, acts of terrorism, or civil unrest. 
27. 
TIME OF ESSENCE 
27.1 
Time shall be of the essence for all purposes of this Franchise Agreement. 
