 
 
19
 
Initial____ 
9.8 
Franchisee agrees to comply with all applicable laws pertaining to the privacy of 
the customer, employee, and transactional information (“Privacy Laws”) and other applicable data 
protection laws that are applicable to Franchisor’s franchise system.  
9.9 
Franchisee shall have sole authority and control over the day-to-day operations of 
Franchisee’s business and Franchisee’s employees and/or independent contractors. Franchisee 
agrees to be solely responsible for all employment decisions and to comply with all state, federal, 
and local hiring laws, including, but not limited to, those related to hiring, firing, training, wage 
and hour requirements, compensation, promotion, record-keeping, supervision, and discipline of 
employees, paid or unpaid, full or part-time. At no time will Franchisee or Franchisee’s employees 
be deemed to be employees of Franchisor or Franchisor’s affiliates. 
10. 
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 
10.1 
Franchisee shall not, during the term of this Agreement or thereafter, communicate, 
divulge, or use for the benefit of any other person, partnership, association, corporation or limited 
liability company any confidential information, knowledge, or know-how concerning the methods 
of operation of the business franchised hereunder which may be communicated to Franchisee, 
which may become known to Franchisee, or of which Franchisee may be apprised by virtue of 
Franchisee's operation under the terms of this Agreement, or after the termination or expiration of 
this Agreement or any renewal hereof, use any such confidential information knowledge or know-
how for itself or its business. Franchisee shall divulge such confidential information only to such 
of its employees or contract employees, or if Franchisee is a corporation or limited liability 
company, then to such officers, directors, shareholders, and members as must have access to it in 
order to operate the Pillar To Post home inspection franchise. Any and all information, knowledge, 
know-how, techniques, and other data that Franchisor designates as confidential shall be deemed 
confidential for purposes of this Agreement. 
10.2 
Franchisee agrees that all data collected from former, existing, and/or potential 
customers or referral sources, including names and addresses, discounts and credit extensions to 
customers, customer contracts, reports, and status information (collectively “Customer 
Information”) are our trade secrets and confidential information. Franchisee will not disclose 
Customer Information and Franchisor’s other proprietary information, trade secrets, and 
confidential information to third parties, including entering such information into public/open 
Artificial Intelligence (“AI”) models or any other AI model that uses such information to train the 
AI unless specifically authorized by Franchisor in writing, and Franchisee agrees to strictly adhere 
to Franchisor’s privacy policies that Franchisor may now, or in the future, establish with respect 
to Customer Information. 
10.3 
Franchisee shall require its manager (if Franchisee is a corporation, limited liability 
company, or partnership) and any personnel having access to any confidential information of 
Franchisor to execute covenants that they will maintain the confidentiality of information they 
receive in connection with their employment by Franchisee. Such covenants shall be in a form 
satisfactory to Franchisor including, but not limited to, specific identification of Franchisor as a 
third party beneficiary of such covenants with the independent right to enforce them. 
 
 
