23 
 
at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to us. You are required to provide certificates of 
insurance evidencing such coverage prior to the opening of the franchised business and thereafter 
at least fifteen (15) days prior to the expiration of any policy. Any failure to have the appropriate 
insurance shall be considered a material breach of the Franchise Agreement. 
 
You must purchase and install, at your expense, all fixtures, furnishings, home inspection 
services equipment, other equipment (including, without limitation, a telephone, computer, 
proprietary software, etc.), decor, signs and vehicle wraps as we may reasonably direct from time 
to time. You are required to have a computer system with the minimum required computer 
equipment in Item 11 below, which we can modify and update at any time. You must pay for the 
costs for computer software maintenance, repairs, upgrades and updates and there is no contractual 
limitation on the frequency or cost of this obligation in the Franchise Agreement. 
 
You must purchase all products and services needed in the franchised business and not 
covered in the discussion under this Item 8 solely from us or from suppliers who demonstrate to 
our continuing reasonable satisfaction the ability to meet our standards and specifications, who 
possess adequate quality controls and capacity to supply your needs promptly and reliably, and 
who have been approved by us in the Manual or otherwise in writing. If you desire to purchase 
products or services from other than approved suppliers, you must submit to us a written request 
to approve the proposed supplier, together with such information as we may reasonably require. 
We will have the right to require that our representatives be permitted to inspect the supplier's 
facilities, and that samples from the supplier be delivered for evaluation and testing either to us or 
to an independent testing facility designated by us. A charge not to exceed the reasonable cost of 
the evaluation and testing must be paid by you. We will, within ninety (90) days after receipt of 
such completed request and completion of such evaluation and testing (if required by us), notify 
you in writing of our approval or disapproval of the proposed supplier. Approval will not be 
unreasonably withheld. You must not sell or offer for sale any products or services of the proposed 
supplier until our written approval of the proposed supplier is received by you. We may from time 
to time revoke our approval of particular products or suppliers when we determine, in our sole 
discretion, that such products or suppliers no longer meet our standards. Upon receipt of written 
notice of such revocation, you must cease to purchase from the disapproved supplier. 
 
We do not have any purchasing or distribution cooperatives. 
 
Except as discussed above, we have no purchase arrangements with suppliers, nor do we 
negotiate purchase arrangements with suppliers for your benefit. You do not receive any material 
benefit for using designated or approved sources. You are not required to purchase or lease any 
other goods or services from us or from a supplier designated by us.  
 
No franchise officer owns an interest in any supplier.  
 
