28 
 
4.  
The Brand Fund may be used to compensate us for reasonable expenses and 
overhead incurred for accounting, collection, bookkeeping, reporting and legal services which we 
provide to the Brand Fund to support marketing activities and for out-of-pocket expenses. In 
addition, we may provide products and services to the Brand Fund, including Pillar To Post 
brochures and web-hosting services. Any such products or services provided by us will be provided 
at a cost comparable to those costs that the Brand Fund would otherwise incur if the products or 
services were obtained from unaffiliated third parties. 
 
Computer Requirements 
 
You are required to have a computer system that includes:  
  
Inspection Tablet 
 
The required inspection tablet is an important business tool to be used in the field to input 
inspection information. The standards for the inspection tablet change from time to time according 
to our software requirements, manufacturer availability, and changes in available technology. You 
will order your first inspection tablet directly from our designated supplier for delivery to you 
before the start of the Initial Training Program. Your first inspection tablet will be set up with the 
proprietary software described below. The estimated cost to purchase the inspection tablet is 
between $1,200 and $1,400, which includes a protective case and other accessories. You must pay 
for the costs of any computer maintenance, repairs, upgrades and updates that we may require from 
time to time, and there are no contractual limitations on the frequency or costs of these obligations 
in the Franchise Agreement. Additionally, you will need the ability to connect your inspection 
tablet to the internet when completing home inspections. You may elect to acquire a data package 
for your inspection tablet to support internet access. The monthly cost for such a data package 
ranges from $50 to $150 per month.  
 
Office Computer  
 
The minimum requirements for the office computer are: 
 
Component 
Requirement 
Computer and processor 
Windows PC: Intel i5 or i7 processor, dual core  
minimum (i7 recommended) 
Apple: Apple Silicon M1 or higher (M1 
Recommended) 
Memory 
16 GB or higher  
Hard disk 
512GB solid state or higher  
Display 
VGA or compatible  
Operating system 
Windows 11 or MacOS/X (latest version) 
Software 
Office 2024 OR Microsoft M365 Subscription 
Adobe Acrobat Reader DC 
