 
 
6
 
Initial____ 
case of credit, and all other income of every kind and nature related to the Pillar To Post home 
inspection franchise. The only sums to be excluded from the “Gross Revenues” calculations shall 
be those sales taxes or other taxes collected by Franchisee during such period from customers of 
the Pillar To Post home inspection franchise for transmittal to the appropriate taxing authority. As 
used herein, “Training Completion Date” means the date Franchisee successfully completes and 
graduates from phase 3 of the Initial Training Program (as defined herein). 
4.3 
Franchisee shall make monthly payments of Brand Fees (as defined in Section 12.1 
hereof) for promotion and advertising. 
4.4 
Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor continuing monthly technology fees, which 
includes the license and subscription fees paid by Franchisor to third party vendors for access to 
the proprietary bundle of software and related data storage that Franchisee is required to use in the 
operation of the Pillar To Post home inspection franchise (the “IT Fee”). The current IT Fee is 
$5.50 for each home inspection performed by the Pillar To Post home inspection franchise. The 
IT Fee may be changed or increased by Franchisor from time to time upon ninety (90) days 
advance notice to Franchisee in the event the costs incurred by Franchisor in connection with 
providing such software, any upgrades to such software or any replacement software are changed 
or increased. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the IT Fee will not be adjusted as provided above 
more than one (1) time in any calendar year and any such adjustment shall be equally applied to 
all users.  
4.5 
Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor continuing monthly fees for access to software 
that creates 360° tours, sketches and floor plans from compatible 360° photos. The current software 
used creates PTP360, PTPFloorplan, and PTPVirtualOpenHouse. The current fee for a PTP360, 
which is included with each home inspection performed by the Pillar To Post home inspection 
franchise, is $3.00. If the home inspection or other service includes a PTPFloorplan, the fee paid 
shall be based on the size of the home. The current fee for a PTPFloorplan is $21.00 for homes up 
to 4,000 square feet, $43.00 for homes between 4,001 and 6,000 square feet, $80.50 for homes 
between 6,001 and 8,500 square feet, $161.75 for homes between 8,501 and 13,500 square feet, 
and $350.00 for homes greater than 13,500 square feet. The current fee for a 
PTPVirtualOpenHouse is $10.00. The fees for these services may be changed or increased by 
Franchisor from time to time upon ninety (90) days advance notice to Franchisee in the event the 
costs incurred by Franchisor are changed or increased. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the fees for 
these services will not be adjusted as provided above more than one (1) time in any calendar year 
and any such adjustment shall be equally applied to all users.  
4.6 
Franchisee shall pay Franchisor continuing monthly user fees for access to software 
that creates PTPHomeManual. The current fee for PTPHomeManual, which is included with each 
home inspection performed by the Pillar To Post home inspection franchise, is $9.45. The user 
fees for these services may be changed or increased by Franchisor from time to time upon ninety 
(90) days advance notice to Franchisee in the event the costs incurred by Franchisor are changed 
or increased. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the user fees for these services will not be adjusted 
as provided above more than one (1) time in any calendar year and any such adjustment shall be 
equally applied to all users. 
