26 
 
upon or if you are not open for business within these time periods, we can terminate the Franchise 
Agreement. We do not act as a lessor or lease property to you. 
 
 
We consider a number of factors in deciding whether to approve a proposed location or a 
request to relocate an approved location. These factors include the general location, whether the 
location is located within or in close proximity to the territory, the size of the location, and other 
factors which we may consider relevant. 
 
Post-Opening Assistance 
 
 
During the operation of the franchised business, we will: 
 
1.  
Develop new products, services and methods, and provide you with information 
about those developments (Franchise Agreement - Section 3). 
 
 
2.  
Supply updates to our Manual (Franchise Agreement - Section 9). 
 
3.  
Make available updates to our computer software and data storage or make 
available replacement software and data storage (Franchise Agreement - Section 9). 
 
4.  
Administer a promotional and advertising program designed to promote and 
enhance the value of all franchised Pillar To Post home inspection businesses (Franchise 
Agreement - Section 12). 
 
Advertising 
 
We are not required to spend any amount on advertising in your territory. However, 
through a promotion and advertising fund (the "Brand Fund"), we make available advertising 
materials and services to us; we then make them available to you. Materials and services provided 
by the Brand Fund to all franchisees will include websites, social media presence, video tools, 
posters, brochures, search engine optimization, online reputation management, and other 
miscellaneous items. You will receive certain samples at no charge. If you want additional copies, 
you must pay the associated costs. 
 
You may develop advertising materials for your own use, at your own cost. We must 
approve the advertising materials in advance of you using the materials and the approval must be 
in writing. You are not required to participate in any local or regional advertising cooperative, and 
we do not have the power to require that cooperatives be formed, changed, dissolved or merged. 
However, we strongly recommend that you spend between three percent (3%) and eight percent 
(8%) of the Gross Revenues of the franchised business on local marketing in addition to the Brand 
Fund contributions discussed below. We also strongly recommend marketing cooperation with 
other franchisees as a way to further promote your business and the overall presence and awareness 
of the Pillar To Post brand in the market.  
 
Occasionally, we provide for placement of advertising on behalf of the entire franchise 
system. However, most placement is done on a local basis, typically by individual franchisees. We 
