 
 
5
 
Initial____ 
to substitute for Franchisee’s obligation to seek additional training and support from 
professional associations or other sources of continuing education. 
3.5.2 Franchisor may, in its sole discretion, provide to Franchisee from time to 
time, advice and written materials which constitute legal support of Franchisee’s operation 
of the Pillar To Post home inspection franchise. Such legal support will be geared toward 
matters of general application and not be intended to be specific to any individual 
operation. Franchisee remains responsible for obtaining legal advice from an attorney of 
Franchisee’s choosing, which advice shall be specific to Franchisee’s jurisdiction and 
individual circumstances, including advice as to the laws regulating home inspection and 
the operation of the Pillar To Post home inspection franchise. 
3.5.3 Franchisor may, in its sole discretion, provide from time to time advice and 
written materials which constitute accounting support of Franchisee’s operation of the 
Pillar To Post home inspection franchise. Such accounting assistance is geared toward 
matters of general application and is not intended to be specific to any individual operation. 
Franchisee remains responsible for obtaining accounting advice from a qualified 
accountant of Franchisee’s choosing with respect to all matters concerning the operation 
of the Pillar To Post home inspection franchise. 
3.6 
Franchisor may, in its sole discretion, conduct inspections of Franchisee's operation 
of the Pillar To Post home inspection franchise during normal business hours. 
3.7 
Franchisor will make available to Franchisee a @pillartopost.com email account or 
such other email accounts established by Franchisor from time to time, which shall be used 
exclusively by Franchisee in operation of the Pillar To Post home inspection franchise. 
4. 
FEES 
4.1 
In consideration of the home inspection franchise granted herein, Franchisee shall 
pay an initial franchise fee of $58,500, plus any applicable taxes (the “Initial Fee”). The Initial Fee 
shall be payable concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, less any deposit previously 
paid. Except as herein expressly provided, the Initial Fee is not refundable in whole or in part and 
shall be deemed fully earned by Franchisor upon execution of this Agreement.  
4.2 
Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor a continuing monthly royalty fee equal to seven 
percent (7%) of the Gross Revenues of the Pillar To Post home inspection franchise or the 
minimum monthly royalty fee provided below, whichever is greater (the “Royalty Fee”), computed 
from the first (1st) day of the month following the Training Completion Date. The minimum 
monthly Royalty Fee shall be: (a) $0 per month for months 1-12 after the Training Completion 
Date; (b) $582 per month for months 13-24 after the Training Completion Date; (c) $1,164 per 
month for months 25-36 after the Training Completion Date; (d) $1,746 per month for months 37-
48 after the Training Completion Date; and (e) $2,328 per month for months 49-60 after the 
Training Completion Date or through the end of the Term, whichever occurs first. As used herein, 
“Gross Revenues” with respect to any period means all revenue received by Franchisee during 
such period from the sale of all services and products sold or rendered by the Pillar To Post home 
inspection franchise, whether for cash, credit, check or barter and regardless of collection in the 
