19 
 
initial database of realtor contacts. The cost of this campaign is paid for while you are in initial 
training. 
 
(M) 
You will be required to purchase or lease a vehicle to use in the operation of the 
franchised business that meets our standards and specifications. You will be responsible for all 
expenses associated with the vehicle used in the operation of the franchised business, including 
any required down payment, any monthly loan or lease payments, gas, and insurance. 
 
(N) 
You will be required to purchase from an approved supplier and install Pillar To 
Post® branded vehicle wraps or lettering kits for each vehicle used by you and each of your team 
members in the operation of the franchised business.   
 
(O) 
You may need to obtain professional services from an attorney and/or an accountant 
in connection with starting and setting up your business.  
 
(P) 
You and your team members are required to wear approved Pillar To Post® branded 
shirts when meeting with clients and realtors, conducting inspections, and attending other business 
functions. You will order approved branded shirts of your choice for you and each team member 
from our approved suppliers prior to or upon completion of initial training.  
 
(Q) 
For the successful operation of your franchised business, you will want to maintain 
membership in various local trade organizations that will require annual dues. Examples of these 
organizations include the local Board of Realtors and national home inspection associations. 
Additionally, there are several suppliers utilized in the ongoing operation of your franchised 
business with whom you will need to set up accounts and, with some, there may be initial set-up 
fees involved. 
 
(R) 
You must, prior to opening the franchised business and thereafter at all times during 
the entire term of the Franchise Agreement, and any renewal thereof, at your own expense, 
maintain in full force and effect, certain insurance policies, including (i) professional liability 
(errors and omissions) insurance, (ii) general liability insurance, including product liability 
insurance, (iii) commercial auto insurance, (iv) and business personal property insurance, insuring 
you and us against any liability that may accrue by reason of your operation of the franchised 
business. The required minimum amount of insurance coverage is currently $1 million per 
occurrence and $2 million in the aggregate for professional liability coverage, $1 million per 
occurrence and $2 million in the aggregate for general liability coverage, $1 million per occurrence 
and $2 million in the aggregate for commercial auto coverage, $1 million per occurrence and $2 
million in the aggregate for business personal property coverage, and $1 million per occurrence 
and $2 million in the aggregate for cyber insurance coverage. In addition, you must maintain 
workers’ compensation insurance, employer’s liability insurance, and such other insurance as may 
be required by law in the jurisdiction in which the franchised business is located. We will provide 
you with a list of all approved insurance carriers, and you must obtain all required insurance 
coverage from an insurance carrier approved by us. Currently, the approved list requires you to 
obtain your professional liability insurance and general liability insurance under an insurance 
program we have established with Citadel Inspector Pro. You will be required to obtain and 
maintain these policies of insurance, part of which will normally be required to be paid in advance. 
