FS Brands, Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 
(expressed in US dollars) 
(1)
1
Nature of business operations 
FS Brands, Inc. (the Company), incorporated on March 31, 2010, is a 97.18% owned subsidiary of FS Property 
Services (U.S.) Inc. (the parent), which is indirectly a 100% owned subsidiary of FirstService Corporation (the 
ultimate parent), a publicly owned, diversified real estate services company. 
Through the following subsidiaries, CertaPro Painters Ltd., Paul Davis Restoration, Inc., California Closet 
Company, Inc., Pillar to Post, Inc. and Floor Coverings International, Ltd., the Company’s principal function is 
the recruiting, training and operation of franchise systems throughout the United States. In addition, the 
Company controls 22 California Closet franchises, 23 Paul Davis Restoration franchises, and two CertaPro 
Painters franchises. 
2
Summary of significant accounting policies 
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally 
accepted in the United States of America (US GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions 
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as 
at the dates of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during 
the reporting periods. The most significant estimates made by management relate to the initial determination 
of fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations and the assessment of 
potential impairment of goodwill and intangible assets. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
Basis of consolidation 
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. All significant 
intercompany balances and transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries are eliminated on 
consolidation. 
Revenue recognition and unearned revenue 
The Company accounts for a contract with a customer when there is approval and commitment from both 
parties, the rights of the parties are identified, payment terms are identified, the contract has commercial 
substance and the collectability of consideration is probable. The Company measures revenue based on 
consideration specified in the contract of each customer and recognizes revenue as the performance obligations 
are satisfied by transferring the control of the service or product to a customer. 
Franchisor operations 
The Company operates several franchise systems. Initial franchise fees are deferred and recognized over 
the term of the franchise agreement. Royalty revenue is recognized based on a contracted percentage of 
franchisee revenue, as reported by the franchisees. Revenue from administrative and other support 
services, as applicable, is recognized as the services are provided. 
