1 
 
ITEM 1  -  THE FRANCHISOR AND ANY PARENTS, 
PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES 
 
 
To simplify the language in this Franchise Disclosure Document, “Pillar To Post”, “us”, 
“our”, “we”, etc. means Pillar To Post, Inc., the Franchisor. "You" means the individual, 
corporation, limited liability company or other legal entity who buys the franchise (including its 
individual owners). 
 
Franchisor, Parent and Affiliates 
 
 
Our name is PILLAR TO POST, INC. We are a Delaware corporation that was 
incorporated on July 11, 1994. We do business as “Pillar To Post” and “Pillar To Post Home 
Inspectors.”  Our principal place of business is located at 14502 North Dale Mabry Hwy., Suite 
200, Tampa, FL 33618. Our affiliate, Pillar To Post, Inc., a Canadian corporation (“Pillar To Post 
(Canada)”), operates our international home office located at 5399 Eglinton Avenue W., Suite 110, 
Toronto, Ontario, Canada M9C 5K9.  
 
 
Our corporate parent is FS Brands, Inc., a Delaware corporation. FS Property Services 
(U.S.) Inc., a Delaware corporation, formerly known as The Franchise Company (US) Inc., is the 
majority shareholder of FS Brands, Inc. The principal place of business of FS Brands, Inc. is 2621 
Van Buren Avenue, Suite 550A, Audubon, PA 19403. Pillar To Post (Canada)’s corporate parent 
is FS Brands, Inc., a Canadian corporation (“FS Brands (Canada)”). The principal place of business 
of FS Brands (Canada) is 1140 Bay Street, Suite 400, Toronto, Ontario, Canada MJ5 2B4. 
 
Predecessor 
 
 
There is no predecessor to Pillar To Post. 
 
Agent for Service of Process 
 
 
Our agents for service of process are listed in Exhibit H. 
 
Prior Experience 
 
 
We have offered franchises in the United States for residential home inspection services 
for single family and various multi-family homes since March 15, 1995. We originally offered 
franchises in exclusive territories, and there are current franchisees that still operate in exclusive 
territories. In 2009, we began offering franchises in non-exclusive territories. We currently only 
offer non-exclusive territories to franchisees. We have never offered franchises in other lines of 
business. Neither we nor any of our affiliates have ever conducted a residential home inspection 
business prior to Pillar To Post. As of December 31, 2024, we had 412 individual home inspection 
franchise units in the United States (376 with non-exclusive territories and 36 with exclusive 
territories). Pillar To Post (Canada) offers franchises in Canada for residential inspection services 
for single family and various multi-family homes and has done so since September 1, 1994. As of 
December 31, 2024, Pillar To Post (Canada) had 43 individual home inspection franchise units in 
Canada (40 with non-exclusive territories and 3 with exclusive territories). 
