47 
 
Provision 
Section in the 
Franchise Agreement 
Summary 
p. Death or disability of franchisee 
Section 14.6 
Your estate has 120 days in which to sell, 
assign, transfer or apply for right to 
continue to operate. 
q. Non-competition covenants 
during the term of the franchise 
Section 17.2 
You may not be involved in a competing 
business. The non-competition provisions 
are subject to state law. 
r. Non-competition covenants after 
the franchise is terminated or 
expires 
Section 17.3 
No competing business for 2 years within 
old non-exclusive territory. The non-
competition provisions are subject to state 
law. 
s. Modification of the agreement 
Section 23 
No oral modifications generally, but the 
Manual is subject to change. 
t. Integration/merger clause 
Section 23 
Only the terms of the Franchise Agreement 
and disclosure document are binding 
(subject to state law). Any representations 
or promises outside of the disclosure 
document or Franchise Agreement may not 
be enforceable. 
u. Dispute resolution by arbitration 
or mediation 
Section 25 
Except for certain claims, all disputes must 
be arbitrated in Florida, subject to state law. 
v. Choice of forum 
Section 25 
Litigation must be in Florida subject to state 
law. 
w. Choice of law 
Section 25 
Florida law applies subject to state law. 
 
ITEM 18  -  ARRANGEMENTS WITH PUBLIC FIGURES 
 
 
We do not use any public figure to promote our franchises. 
 
ITEM 19  -  FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE 
REPRESENTATIONS 
 
 
The FTC's Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to disclose information about the actual or 
potential financial performance of its franchised and/or franchisor-owned outlets, if there is a 
reasonable basis for the information and the information is included in the disclosure document. 
Financial performance information that differs from that included in this Item 19 may be given 
only if: (1) a franchisor provides the actual records of an existing outlet you are considering buying; 
or (2) a franchisor supplements the information provided in this Item 19, for example, by providing 
information about performance at a particular location or under particular circumstances. 
 
 
 
