36 
 
industry since 1989. Prior to joining Pillar To Post, Mr. Clarke managed a large, multi-inspector 
company for many years before starting his own engineering and inspection company. He is an 
instructor in the home inspection program at Seneca College and is a regular speaker at home 
inspection conferences across North America. He is a Past President of the Ontario Association of 
Home Inspectors, and the current President of the Canadian Association of Home and Property 
Inspectors. 
 
John MacDonald has owned a Pillar To Post franchise in Toronto, Ontario, Canada since 
2009. He provides practical field training for new franchisees, including introduction to the Pillar 
To Post system, brand experience, and home inspection process. 
 
Ryan Schuck joined Pillar To Post in 2020 and is currently the Marketing Services 
Manager. Prior to joining Pillar To Post, he was a home renovations contractor from 2018 to 2019. 
 
Megan Griffin-Buckle joined Pillar To post in 2021 and is currently the Marketing Services 
Coordinator. Prior to joining Pillar To Post, she was a Marketing Assistant and Guest Services 
Agent at The Business Inn & Suites from 2020 to 2021. 
 
Randy Weaver joined Pillar To Post in 2011 as a Start Up Director. He is currently Senior 
Director, Foundations for Success. He previously worked for Handyman Connection from 2006 
to 2011 in a Training/Startup role and as General Manager. 
 
Loreal Gonneau joined Pillar To Post in 2016 and is currently the Director of Customer 
Engagement. She previously worked at Walmart from 2008 to 2015, where she was responsible 
for customer engagement and gained experience in streamlining processes, improving efficiency, 
and elevating customer engagement strategies to drive business growth. 
 
Jeff Sholdice joined Pillar To Post in 2018 and is currently Chief Financial Officer. Mr. 
Sholdice has over 25 years of financial and operations leadership experience. He is a Certified Public 
Accountant and holds a Certified Management Accountant designation. He also is an owner of a 
Great Clips franchise and a prior Instructor of Finance and Accounting at Sheridan College.  
 
You also must attend additional required training courses, webinars, seminars and 
programs as we may require in our sole discretion from time to time. Except for the cost of 
instructors and training materials, you must pay all expenses incurred to attend these programs, 
including applicable registration fees, transportation, lodging, meals and wages. 
 
We will also hold conferences, additional training courses, webinars or seminars to discuss 
and instruct you in sales techniques, personnel training, bookkeeping, accounting, inventory 
control, performance standards, advertising programs, merchandising procedures, new procedures 
for inspections, new products, new services, marketing, and general operating procedures. You 
will be required from time to time to attend these conferences, additional training courses, 
webinars or seminars which we deem, in our reasonable judgment, to be of major importance to 
the operation of your franchised business. Currently, we require you to attend an annual convention 
called Brand Conference and one (1) regional meeting, annually, unless we have approved 
otherwise in our discretion. You must pay the registration fee for one person to attend the Brand 
