 
 
32
 
Initial____ 
Franchisee shall furnish Franchisor with evidence satisfactory to Franchisor of compliance with 
this obligation within ten (10) days after termination or expiration of this Agreement.  
16.4 
Franchisee shall immediately transfer or assign to Franchisor or to its designee all 
telephone numbers used in operation of the Pillar To Post home inspection franchise, including, 
but not limited to, all telephone numbers for any office lines, cell phone lines, and the Business 
Lines (as defined in Section 9.5 of this Agreement). At Franchisor’s election, Franchisee shall 
transfer or assign to Franchisor or cancel and cause to be removed from further publication or 
display, whether print or electronic, all telephone advertisements and listings, websites, domain 
names, internet or social media addresses, contacts or accounts, and all other sources of 
advertisement and promotion used in operation of the Pillar To Post home inspection franchise. 
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Franchisee shall execute all documentation 
required to effectuate (i) the transfer or assignment of the telephone numbers provided herein and 
in Section 9.5 of this Agreement; and (ii) the transfer and assignment of the other rights and 
accounts provided herein and in Section 8.4 of this Agreement. Franchisee appoints Franchisor its 
true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact to take such action and to execute all such documents in 
its name and on its behalf as may be necessary to complete these assignments and cancellations on 
behalf of Franchisee. Franchisee shall not use the telephone numbers, advertisements, listings, 
websites, domain names, internet or social media addresses, contacts or accounts, or any other 
sources of advertisement and promotion used in operation of the Pillar To Post home inspection 
franchise in connection with any other business owned, operated by or affiliated with Franchisee 
or its owners, or for any other purpose whatsoever. 
16.5 
Franchisee shall immediately make such modifications or alterations to the 
Approved Location and any vehicles used in operation of the Pillar To Post home inspection 
franchise as may be necessary to distinguish the appearance of the Approved Location and such 
vehicles from those used by other Pillar To Post home inspection franchises under the Pillar To 
Post System, and shall make such specific additional changes thereto as Franchisor may reasonably 
request for that purpose. 
16.6 
Franchisee shall immediately cease using or operating any Online Presence related 
to the Pillar To Post home inspection franchise or the Marks and take any action as may be required 
to disable such Online Presence. At Franchisor’s election, Franchisee shall transfer exclusive 
control and access of such Online Presence to Franchisor. For purposes of this Section 16.6, 
“Online Presence” shall mean any website, domain name, email address, social media account, 
username, other online presence, or presence on any electronic medium of any kind. 
16.7 
In the event Franchisee continues to operate or subsequently begins to operate any 
other business, Franchisee shall not use any reproduction, counterfeit, copy, or colorable imitation 
of the Marks, either in connection with such other business or the promotion thereof, which, in 
Franchisor's opinion, is likely to cause confusion, mistake, or deception, or which, in Franchisor's 
opinion, is likely to dilute Franchisor's rights in and to the Marks. Franchisee shall not use any 
designation of origin or description or representation, which, in Franchisor's opinion, falsely 
suggests or represents an association or connection with Franchisor. 
16.8 
Franchisee shall immediately pay all sums owing to Franchisor and its affiliates. In 
the event of termination for any default of Franchisee, such sums shall include all damages, costs, 
