 
 
12
 
Initial____ 
Business through transfer from a Franchisee, rather than from Franchisor) shall be modified to 
reflect the potential of an established business, and such requirements shall be set forth in an 
Addendum to the renewal Franchise Agreement. 
7.6 
Franchisor shall not be liable to Franchisee, or be deemed to be in default of this 
Agreement, for any delay or failure of delivery of any services or products supplied by Franchisor 
to Franchisee resulting from any cause beyond Franchisor's reasonable control, including, but not 
limited to, weather conditions, acts of God, laws, regulations, government orders, labor disputes, 
shortages of materials, war, acts of terrorism, or civil unrest. 
7.7 
All services and products sold or offered for sale by the Pillar To Post home 
inspection franchise shall meet Franchisor's then-current standards and specifications, as 
established in the Manual or otherwise in writing by Franchisor from time to time. Franchisee shall 
purchase all services and products not covered in Section 7.4 solely from suppliers who 
demonstrate to Franchisor's continuing reasonable satisfaction the ability to meet Franchisor's 
standards and specifications, who possess adequate quality controls and capacity to supply 
Franchisee's needs promptly and reliably, and who have been approved by Franchisor in the 
Manual or otherwise in writing. If Franchisee desires to purchase services or products from other 
than approved suppliers, Franchisee shall submit to Franchisor a written request to approve the 
proposed supplier, together with such information as Franchisor may reasonably require. 
Franchisor shall have the right to require that its representatives be permitted to inspect the 
supplier's facilities, and that samples from the supplier be delivered for evaluation and testing 
either to Franchisor or to an independent testing facility designated by Franchisor. A charge not to 
exceed the reasonable cost of the evaluation and testing shall be paid by Franchisee. Franchisor 
shall, within ninety (90) days after its receipt of such completed request and completion of such 
evaluation and testing (if required by Franchisor), notify Franchisee in writing of its approval or 
disapproval of the proposed supplier. Approval shall not be unreasonably withheld. Franchisee 
shall not sell or offer for sale any services or products of the proposed supplier until Franchisor's 
written approval of the proposed supplier is received. Franchisor may from time to time revoke its 
approval of particular suppliers or products when Franchisor determines in its sole discretion, that 
such suppliers or products no longer meet Franchisor's standards. Upon receipt of written notice 
of such revocation, Franchisee shall cease to purchase from the disapproved supplier. 
7.8 
At the time the Pillar To Post home inspection franchise opens, Franchisee shall 
stock and display the initial inventory of approved products prescribed by Franchisor in the Manual 
or otherwise in writing. Thereafter, Franchisee shall stock and maintain all types of approved 
products in quantities sufficient to meet reasonably anticipated customer demand. 
7.9 
Franchisee shall purchase and install, at Franchisee's expense, all fixtures, 
furnishings, equipment (including, but not limited to, a telephone, office computer, and inspection 
tablet computer with minimum specifications established by Franchisor from time to time, high-
speed internet access, and the Technology Platform (as defined in Section 9.3)), decor, signs, 
vehicle wraps, and letter kits on or about the Approved Location or on any vehicle used in 
operation of the Pillar To Post home inspection franchise as Franchisor may reasonably direct from 
time to time. Franchisee shall refrain from installing or permitting to be installed on or about the 
Approved Location or on any such vehicle, without Franchisor's prior written consent, any fixtures, 
