42 
 
or supervisor must sign the same form Confidentiality/Non-Disclosure Agreement (Exhibit G-5) 
to maintain confidentiality of the proprietary information and trade secrets described in Item 14 
and conform to the covenants not to compete described in Item 17. The manager or supervisor, the 
officers, directors and shareholders of a corporate franchisee, the officers, managers and members 
of a limited liability company, the general and limited partners of a limited partnership franchisee 
and each individual who owns a 5% or greater interest in the franchise entity must sign an 
agreement with covenants similar in substance to those set forth in Section 17 of the Franchise 
Agreement assuming and agreeing to discharge all obligations of the "Franchisee" under the 
Franchise Agreement. 
 
ITEM 16  -  RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE 
FRANCHISEE MAY SELL 
 
We require you to offer and sell only those goods and services which we have approved 
(see Item 9). 
 
You must offer all goods and services that we designate for all franchisees. These required 
services are in the area of home inspections and related added services, including mold testing, 
radon testing, septic system inspection, sewer scoping, swimming pool, spa and hot tub inspection, 
water system testing, well inspection, wind mitigation inspection, virtual open house, and other 
health and safety-related services. You must offer all goods and services in accordance with our 
brand standards and operating basics, and all other mandatory policies, practices, procedures, 
regulations and specifications that we may establish from time to time. You must offer the Plus, 
Premium and Prestige packages of goods and services or such other packages of goods and services 
as we establish from time to time in accordance with our mandatory policies, practices, procedures, 
regulations and specifications. Any other goods or services used or offered in connection with your 
home inspection services must be approved by us prior to you using or offering them (see Item 8). 
 
We have the right to add additional authorized services and products that are compatible 
with a home inspection business that you are required to offer. There are no limits on our right to 
do so. 
 
An existing Franchisee within the same territory may have converted that territory from an 
exclusive territory to a non-exclusive territory and retained the right to solicit business exclusively 
from a particular real estate agent or other referral source as part of that conversion. If that is the 
case, you will not be permitted to solicit business from that real estate agent or referral source and 
they will be specifically identified in an addendum to your Franchise Agreement. Except for the 
foregoing, there are no restrictions as to the identity of the customers to whom you may offer or 
sell your products or services, except you are restricted to solicit those customers only in your 
territory.  
 
You must avoid conflicts of interest by neither accepting or offering commissions or 
allowances, directly or indirectly, nor recommending or referring any form of repair or 
replacement of parts of any home inspected by the franchised business to yourself or any other 
person or entity.  
 
