14 
 
be included in the home inspection report at the election of the customer. Currently, a PTP 
Floorplan is only offered to customers who purchase a Prestige Package. For calendar year 2024, 
36% of customers throughout the Pillar To Post system purchased a Prestige Package that included 
a PTP Floorplan. A PTPVirtualOpenHouse is an additional service sold separately from a home 
inspection and can be packaged with a PTPFloorplan. See Item 11. You are required to pay us fees 
for access to this software. Payments of the fees are due on the tenth (10th) business day of each 
month for services provided the previous month. We require you to pay all invoices for these fees 
by electronic funds transfer and you must provide all documentation required to authorize such 
electronic payments. We may change or increase these fees upon 90 days advance notice to you in 
the event the costs incurred by us are changed or increased. These fees will not be adjusted as 
provided above more than one (1) time in any calendar year, and any such adjustment shall be 
equally applied to all users. You must pay for the costs of computers, software and data storage 
maintenance, repairs, upgrades and updates, and there is no contractual limitation on the frequency 
or costs of these obligations in the Franchise Agreement. 
 
(H) 
We provide you access to PTPHomeManual, which is included with each home 
inspection. See Item 11. You are required to pay us a fee for access to this service. The current fee 
is $9.45 for each PTPHomeManual provided. Payments of the user fees are due on the tenth (10th) 
business day of each month for services provided the previous month. We require you to pay all 
invoices for the user fees by electronic funds transfer, and you must provide all documentation 
required to authorize such electronic payments. We may change or increase the user fee upon 90 
days advance notice to you in the event the costs incurred by us are changed or increased. This fee 
will not be adjusted as provided above more than one (1) time in any calendar year, and any such 
adjustment shall be equally applied to all users. 
 
(I) 
You are required to attend our annual Brand Conference. See Item 11. The Brand 
Conference Fee includes the registration fee for one person to attend the Brand Conference. It is 
typically between $900 and $1,200, depending on costs and location. The Brand Conference Fee 
for one person to attend the 2024 Brand Conference was $924 if paid by an early deadline or 
$1,099. We determine the Brand Conference Fee for the Brand Conference at the beginning of 
each year for the conference scheduled the following calendar year. You will be required to pay 
the Brand Conference Fee for your initial Brand Conference at the time you sign your Franchise 
Agreement. See Item 5. The Brand Conference Fee for your second Brand Conference and each 
annual Brand Conference thereafter is paid in twelve (12) monthly installments from January 
through December each year. The Brand Conference Fees are mandatory and non-refundable. 
Payment of the Brand Conference Fee as required by the Franchise Agreement will allow you to 
attend the conference without paying the standard registration fee. We require you to pay all 
invoices for annual registration fees by electronic funds transfer, and you must provide all 
documentation required to authorize such electronic payments.  
 
(J) 
In the event you wish to assign or transfer the Franchise Agreement (which we must 
approve in writing and which gives rise to a right of first refusal as described in Item 17 below), 
you must pay to us a transfer fee of $4,000, intended to cover the reasonable costs and expenses 
associated with reviewing the application to transfer, including, without limitation, management, 
legal and accounting fees. 
 
