39 
 
If we engage in electronic commerce through any internet, world wide web or other 
computer network site or sell through any other alternative distribution channel and you operate 
your franchised business in a protected, non-exclusive territory, we will offer any order for services 
calling for performance in your territory to the Pillar To Post franchise in that territory whose 
Approved Location is closest in proximity to the location where the services will be performed at 
the price we establish. If that franchise chooses not to fulfill the order at the price we establish, it 
will be offered on the same basis to other Pillar To Post franchises in that territory in an order 
established based on closest proximity between the franchise’s Approved Location and the 
location where the services will be performed. If no Pillar To Post franchise within the territory 
agrees to fulfill the order at the price we establish, then we, one of our affiliates or a third party we 
designate (including a Pillar To Post franchise from outside the territory) may fulfill the order, and 
you will be entitled to no compensation in connection with that order.  
 
We and our affiliates can use alternative channels of distribution to make sales of products 
or services under trademarks different from the Trademarks you will use under the Franchise 
Agreement, but we and our affiliates have not yet made any sales of this type. 
 
ITEM 13  -  TRADEMARKS 
 
You are granted the right to open and operate a home inspection business under the name 
“Pillar To Post Home Inspectors.”  You may also use our other current or future Trademarks to 
operate your business. By Trademarks, we mean trade names, trademarks, service marks and logos 
used to identify your service. One of the Trademarks appears in the upper left-hand corner of the 
front page of this Franchise Disclosure Document. On September 30, 2014, the Trademark “Pillar 
To Post Home Inspectors” was registered on the United States Patent and Trademark Office 
(“USPTO”) principal register, registration number 4614467. Our affiliate, Pillar To Post (Canada), 
currently owns the registered mark. We have the exclusive license to use and license others to use 
the registered mark in the United States. 
 
All required affidavits of use and renewals have been filed. 
 
You must follow our rules when you use the Trademarks. You cannot use our name or 
mark as part of a corporate name or with modifying words, designs or symbols except for those 
that are licensed to you under the Franchise Agreement. You may not use the Trademarks in 
connection with the sale of an unauthorized product or service or in a manner not authorized in 
writing by us. 
 
The Trademarks are not subject to any presently effective determinations of the United 
States Patent and Trademark Office, the Trademark Trial and Appeal Board, any state trademark 
administrator or any court; nor are they subject to any pending interference, opposition, or 
cancellation proceeding or material litigation that limits or restricts our right to use the Trademarks.  
 
There are no currently effective agreements presently in effect that would limit the rights 
of us to use or license the use of the Trademarks. 
 
