22 
 
You must order from the designated suppliers or other approved suppliers that we designate 
such initial inventory of Pillar To Post clothing apparel, marketing brochures and promotional 
supplies, business cards and letterhead, and vehicle wraps and signage as required by us in the 
Manual or otherwise in writing, or as may be provided in the Franchise Agreement. You must 
provide to us reasonable and timely proof of such orders. 
 
All products sold or offered for sale by the franchised business must meet our then current 
standards and specifications as established in the Manual or otherwise in writing. We have the 
right to require you to purchase from approved suppliers or us other items as we may from time to 
time require for the operation of the franchised business. As of the date of this Franchise Disclosure 
Document, there are no other products or services that must be purchased from approved suppliers 
or us. We provide specifications to the suppliers that we designate for all products. 
 
We reserve the right to formulate and modify our standards and specifications for operating 
a franchised business. This includes requiring that you take all steps, including but not limited to 
those related to visibility and management of your franchised business that are necessary to ensure 
that your location is compliant with all data privacy and security laws and Payment Card Industry 
Data Security Standards (PCI DSS) requirements, as such standards may be revised and modified 
by the PCI Security Standards Council (see pcisecuritystandards.org), or such successor 
organization or standards that we may reasonably specify. Our standards and specifications are 
described in the Franchise Agreement, the Manual, and other written documents. We have the 
right, under the Franchise Agreement, to change the standards and specifications applicable to 
operation of the franchised business, including standards and specifications for approved services 
and products, equipment, signs, furnishings, supplies, fixtures, inventory, computer systems 
(hardware, software, applications, data network and internet connection minimum bandwidth 
capacities), privacy policies, encryption requirements, data and IT security policies - including 
implementation of phishing and other security awareness programs and training, cyber incident 
notification requirements, and Artificial Intelligence policies by written notice to you or through 
changes in the Manual. We may issue our standards or specifications for goods and services, and 
changes to those standards and specifications, in writing directly to you or our approved supplier. 
You may incur an increased cost to comply with these changes at your own expense.   
 
You are required to maintain insurance coverage of the types and minimum amounts 
specified in the Manual, this Franchise Disclosure Document, the Franchise Agreement or 
supplementary notices. You are currently required to maintain professional liability (errors and 
omissions) insurance, general liability insurance, commercial auto insurance, business personal 
property insurance, and cyber insurance. The required minimum amount of insurance coverage is 
currently $1 million for professional liability coverage per occurrence and $2 million in aggregate, 
$1 million for general liability coverage per occurrence and $2 million in aggregate, $1 million for 
commercial auto coverage per occurrence and $2 million in aggregate, $1 million for business 
personal property coverage per occurrence and $2 million in aggregate, and $1 million for cyber 
insurance coverage per occurrence and $2 million in aggregate. You are required to maintain all 
required insurance with insurance companies approved by us. All professional liability insurance 
and general liability insurance must be purchased under the insurance program we have established 
with Citadel Inspector Pro. All required insurance must name us and our designee(s) as additional 
insureds and must provide that it may not be terminated, amended, canceled, or modified without 
