13 
 
maintenance, repairs, upgrades and updates, and there is no contractual limitation on the frequency 
or costs of these obligations in the Franchise Agreement. 
 
(D) 
You are required to purchase inspection numbers from us. This includes the 
electronic presentation, catalog, and storage of each home inspection that is provided to your 
customers. The current cost of each inspection number is $28.50. You must use a new inspection 
number for each home inspection performed by the Pillar To Post home inspection franchise. 
Inspection numbers are purchased as needed, typically at least twenty at a time, and you will be 
invoiced as they are purchased. We require you to pay all invoices for inspection numbers by 
electronic funds transfer, and you must provide all documentation required to authorize such 
electronic payments. We may change or increase the cost of each inspection number upon 90 days 
advance notice to you in the event the costs incurred by us are changed or increased. See Item 8. 
 
(E) 
You are required to pay us a continuing Financial Reporting Fee each month. This 
fee provides you access to software, currently provided by Qvinci, that connects directly with 
QuikBooks and creates consolidated financial reports for your franchised business. See Item 11. 
The current Financial Reporting Fee is $30.00 per month. Payments of the Financial Reporting 
Fee are due on the tenth (10th) business day of each month. We require you to pay continuing 
Financial Reporting Fees by electronic funds transfer, and you must provide all documentation 
required to authorize such electronic payments. The Financial Reporting Fee may be changed or 
increased by us upon 90 days advance notice to you in the event the costs incurred by us in 
connection with providing access to such software are changed or increased. The Financial 
Reporting Fee will not be adjusted as provided above more than one (1) time in any calendar year, 
and any such adjustment shall be equally applied to all users. You must pay for the costs of 
computer, software maintenance, repairs, upgrades and updates, and there is no contractual 
limitation on the frequency or costs of these obligations in the Franchise Agreement. 
 
(F) 
EZBook Connections provides you telephone answering and inspection booking 
services. If you elect to use EZBook Connections, you are required to pay us a user fee for each 
booked inspection. You also are currently required to book a minimum of 80% of your home 
inspections through EZBook Connections. The current user fee is $33.45 for each home inspection 
booked. If you book 90% or more of your home inspections through EZBook Connections in any 
month, the current user fee is reduced to $29.75 for each home inspection booked that month. 
Payments of the user fees are due on the tenth (10th) business day of each month for services 
provided the previous month. We require you to pay all invoices for the user fees by electronic 
funds transfer, and you must provide all documentation required to authorize such electronic 
payments. We may change or increase the user fee upon 90 days advance notice to you in the event 
the costs incurred by us are changed or increased. This fee will not be adjusted as provided above 
more than one (1) time in any calendar year, and any such adjustment shall be equally applied to 
all users. If you do not elect to use EZBook Connections, you will have to employ a full-time 
employee to answer your telephone and book your inspections in accordance with our standards 
and specifications, and that employee must successfully complete our EZBook Direct training 
program. 
 
(G) 
We provide you access to software that creates PTP360, PTPFloorplan, and 
PTPVirtualOpenHouse. PTP360 is included in each home inspection report. A PTPFloorplan can 
