 
 
 
Initial____ 
GUARANTEE, INDEMNIFICATION, AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 
 
As an  inducement  to  PILLAR  TO  POST,  INC. ("Franchisor")  to  execute  the Franchise 
Agreement 
between 
Franchisor 
and 
                                               
("Franchisee") 
dated                           , 20     (the "Agreement"), each of the undersigned, jointly and  severally,  
hereby unconditionally guarantees to Franchisor and its successors and assigns that the Franchisee 
named herein will perform during the  term  of  this Agreement each and  every covenant, payment, 
agreement, undertaking and obligation on the part of  Franchisee contained and set forth in this 
Agreement. 
 
Upon demand by Franchisor, the undersigned will immediately make each payment required 
of Franchisee under the Agreement. The undersigned hereby waive any right to require Franchisor 
to: (a) proceed against Franchisee for any payment required under the Agreement; (b) proceed 
against or exhaust any security from Franchisee; or (c) pursue or exhaust any remedy, including any 
legal or equitable relief, against Franchisee. Without affecting the obligations of the undersigned 
under this Guarantee, Franchisor may, without notice to the undersigned, extend, modify, or release 
any indebtedness or obligation of Franchisee, or settle, adjust, or compromise any claims against 
Franchisee. The undersigned waive notice of amendment of the Agreement and notice of demand 
for payment by Franchisor, and agree to be bound by any and all such amendments and changes to 
the Agreement. 
 
The undersigned hereby agree to defend, indemnify, and hold Franchisor harmless against 
any and all losses, damages, liabilities, costs, and expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable 
attorneys' fees, reasonable costs of investigation, court costs, fees, and expenses) resulting from, 
consisting of, or arising out of or in connection with any failure by Franchisee to perform any 
obligation of Franchisee under the Agreement, any amendment thereto, or any other agreement 
executed by Franchisee referred to therein. 
 
The undersigned hereby acknowledge and agree to be personally and individually bound by 
all of the covenants and non-disclosure provisions contained in Sections 10 and 17 of the Agreement 
to the same extent as and for the same period of time as Franchisee is required to comply with and 
abide by such covenants and provisions, except to the extent otherwise required by the Agreement. 
These obligations of the undersigned shall survive any expiration or termination of the Franchise 
Agreement or this Guarantee. 
 
This Guarantee shall terminate upon the termination or expiration of the Agreement, except 
that all obligations and liabilities of the undersigned which arose from events which occurred on or 
before the effective date of such termination shall remain in full force and effect until satisfied or 
discharged by the undersigned, and all covenants which by their terms continue in force after the 
expiration or termination of the Agreement shall remain in force according to their terms. Upon the 
death of an individual guarantor, the estate of such guarantor shall be bound by this Guarantee, but 
only for defaults and obligations hereunder existing at the time of death; and the obligations of the 
other guarantors will continue in full force and effect.  
 
Unless specifically stated otherwise, the terms used in this Guarantee shall have the same 
meaning as in the Agreement, and shall be interpreted and construed in accordance with Section 24 
of the Agreement. This Guarantee shall be interpreted and construed under the laws of the State of 
