 
 
9
 
Initial____ 
6. 
TRAINING 
6.1 
Prior to the opening of the Pillar To Post home inspection franchise, Franchisee (or, 
if Franchisee is a corporation, the shareholder designated by Franchisee as manager acceptable to 
Franchisor and satisfying the provisions of Section 17.1 of this Agreement, or if Franchisee is a 
limited liability company, the member designated by Franchisee as manager acceptable to 
Franchisor and satisfying the provisions of Section 17.1 of this Agreement, or if Franchisee is a 
Partnership, the partner or partners designated by Franchisee as manager acceptable to Franchisor 
and satisfying the provisions of Section 17.1 of this Agreement), shall attend and complete to 
Franchisor's satisfaction the initial training program for franchisees and managers offered by 
Franchisor (the “Initial Training Program”). The fee for Franchisee or its designated manager to 
attend the Initial Training Program is included in the Initial Fee. 
6.2 
All Pillar To Post sponsored training programs shall be at such times and places as 
may be designated by Franchisor, and attendance at the Initial Training Program, the annual 
convention and one (1) regional meeting, annually, is mandatory. All Pillar To Post sponsored 
training programs may be held in-person, virtually, or both in-person and virtually at Franchisor’s 
discretion. For Franchisee or its designated manager attending the Initial Training Program, 
Franchisor shall provide instructors and training materials, as well as lodging and meals for any 
in-person portion of the program. Franchisee shall be responsible for all other expenses incurred 
to attend, including the costs of transportation to and from the training site for any in-person 
portion of the program. For employees, business partners, and others attending the required Initial 
Training Program, Franchisor shall provide instructors and training materials, and Franchisee shall 
be responsible for any registration/training fee and all other expenses incurred to attend the Initial 
Training Program, including any costs of transportation to and from the training site for any in-
person portion of the program, lodging, meals, and wages. For such additional required training 
courses, seminars, and programs as Franchisor may in its sole discretion provide, including 
regional meetings and the annual convention, Franchisor shall provide instructors and training 
materials, and Franchisee shall be responsible for all other expenses incurred to attend, including 
any registration/training fee and any costs of transportation to and from the training site for any 
in-person portion of the program, lodging, meals, and wages. For the annual convention, 
Franchisee must pay an annual registration fee, which is payable in accordance with Section 4.9 
of this Agreement.  
6.3 
Franchisor has established minimum continuing education requirements, which are 
more fully described in the Manual and which may be revised from time to time. Franchisee or 
Franchisee's manager and other employees are required to meet or exceed these requirements either 
through attendance at such additional courses, seminars, and other training programs as Franchisor 
may in its sole discretion provide or reasonably require from time to time, or through training 
programs sponsored by professional associations for home inspectors. 
6.4 
All persons working as home inspectors for Franchisee shall affiliate themselves 
with a professional organization appropriate to their geographical location and to the Pillar To Post 
home inspection franchise. Franchisee shall provide Franchisor with evidence of application for 
memberships in such organizations and shall keep Franchisor advised as to the membership status 
of all of its home inspectors in such organizations.  
