 
 
 
Initial____ 
c. 
solicit, or attempt to solicit, or hire, or attempt to hire, any employee, independent 
contractor,  or  agent  of  the  Pillar  To  Post®   Franchisee  or  otherwise  encourage  any  
employee, independent contractor, or agent of the Pillar To Post®  Franchisee to leave its employ. 
 
Recipient also agrees that it shall keep all confidential and proprietary information of Pillar 
To Post, Inc. and the Pillar To Post®   Franchisee secret and confidential. Recipient agrees that, 
during the time period in which he/she is employed or associated with the Pillar To Post® 
Franchisee and thereafter, Recipient shall not: 
 
a. 
copy, duplicate, record, or otherwise reproduce the confidential or proprietary 
information  of  the  Pillar  To  Post®    Franchisee  or  Pillar  to  Post,  Inc.,  in  whole  or  in  
part,  or otherwise make the same available to any unauthorized person, or 
 
b. 
communicate, divulge, or use for the benefit of any other person, partnership, 
association, or corporation any confidential or proprietary documents, information, knowledge, 
or know-how concerning the methods of operation of Pillar To Post, Inc. or the Pillar To Post® 
Franchisee. 
 
This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of 
(Franchisee’s State) and Recipient consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located 
there for any dispute arising out of this Agreement. Recipient agrees that in the event of any breach 
or threatened breach by Recipient, the Pillar To Post®   Franchisee and/or Pillar To Post, Inc. may 
obtain, in addition to any other legal remedies which may be available, such equitable relief as 
may be necessary to protect the Pillar To Post®   Franchisee and/or Pillar To Post, Inc. against any 
such breach or threatened breach. 
 
Having read and understood this Agreement, it is the parties' desire and intent that the 
provisions hereof be enforced to the fullest extent permissible. Accordingly, if any part of this 
Agreement is adjudicated to be invalid or unenforceable, then such part shall be deemed amended 
to delete that portion thus adjudicated to be invalid or unenforceable, such deletion to apply only 
with respect to the operation of such paragraph. Further, to the extent any provision  of such 
paragraph is deemed to be unenforceable by virtue of its scope, but may be made enforceable by 
limitation, the parties agree that the same shall, nevertheless, be enforceable to the fullest extent 
permissible. 
 
INTENDING TO BE LEGALLY BOUND, each of the undersigned has signed this 
Agreement on the date set forth below: 
 
Date:    
 
 
 
 
Pillar To Post® Franchisee 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Signature of Recipient 
 
 
 
Signature of Franchise Owner 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Typed or Printed Name of Recipient 
