FS Brands, Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 
(expressed in US dollars) 
(5)
Fair value measurements 
Fair value measurements are measured using inputs from the three levels of the fair value hierarchy. The 
classification within the hierarchy is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair 
value measurement. The three levels are as follows: 
Level 1 – quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; 
Level 2 – observable market based inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or 
liabilities; and 
Level 3 – unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data, which requires the Company to 
develop its own assumptions. 
Concentrations 
The Company’s financial instruments exposed to credit risk include cash and cash equivalents, due from parent, 
restricted cash, accounts receivable and notes receivable. The Company places its cash, restricted cash and cash 
equivalents with institutions of high creditworthiness. Management routinely assesses the collectability of its 
accounts receivable and notes receivable and its credit risk is limited due to the dispersion of the customer base 
comprising the receivables. 
During the year ended December 31, 2023, there were $1,325,985 (2022 – $4,217,276) of write-offs from the 
allowance for credit losses. 
Business combinations 
All business combinations are accounted for using the purchase method of accounting. Transaction costs are 
expensed as incurred. 
The determination of fair values of assets and liabilities assumed in business combinations requires the use of 
estimates and judgement by management, particularly in determining fair values of intangible assets acquired. 
The fair value of the contingent consideration is classified as a financial liability and is recorded on the 
consolidated balance sheets at the acquisition date and is re-measured at fair value at the end of each period 
until the end of the contingency period, with fair value adjustments recognized in earnings. 
3
Revenue from contracts with customers 
Franchise fee revenue recognized during the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, which was included in 
deferred revenue at the beginning of the period, was $5,558,367 (2022 – $4,416,416). These fees are recognized 
over the life of the underlying franchise agreement, usually between 5 – 10 years. 
The majority of current unearned revenue as at December 31, 2022 was recognized into income during 2023. 
