40 
 
We have the right to control any administrative proceedings or litigation involving a 
trademark licensed by us to you. You must promptly notify us of any unauthorized use of the 
Trademark, any challenge to the validity of the Trademarks, or any challenge to our ownership of 
or right to use and to license others to use, our right to use, or your right to use, the Trademarks. 
We will take the action we think is appropriate. We have the right, but not the obligation, to take 
action against uses by others that may constitute infringement of the Trademarks. While we are 
not required to defend you against a claim against your use of the Trademarks, we will reimburse 
you for your liability and reasonable costs in connection with defending the Trademarks. To be 
reimbursed, you must have notified us immediately when you learned about the infringement or 
challenge. However, if we determine, in our sole discretion, that you have not used the Trademarks 
in accordance with the Franchise Agreement, the cost of such defense, including the cost of any 
judgment or settlement, will be borne by you.  
 
You must modify or discontinue the use of the Trademarks if we modify or discontinue 
them. We will bear the costs of modifying your signs and advertising materials to conform to any 
direction to modify or discontinue the use of the Trademarks but will otherwise have no obligation 
or liability to you. You must not directly or indirectly contest our right to the Trademarks, trade 
secrets or business techniques that are a part of the Pillar To Post System and franchised 
businesses. 
 
We do not know of any infringing uses that would materially affect your use of the 
Trademarks. 
 
In addition to the above, we have claimed exclusive use of “pillartopost” as an internet 
domain name and have restricted your rights to use of our Trademarks on public computer 
networks. You may not establish or maintain a world wide web site, social media presence, email 
address, or otherwise establish or maintain a presence or advertise on the internet or any other 
public computer network in connection with the franchised business without our prior written 
approval. There are a number of restrictions in this regard, as set forth in Section 12 of the 
Franchise Agreement, and as addressed in Chapter One of the Manual. 
 
ITEM 14  -  PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND 
PROPRIETARY INFORMATION 
 
We hold no patents. We have registered no copyright with the United States Copyright 
Office. However, we claim copyrights on certain forms, advertisements, promotional materials 
and other written materials. We also claim copyrights and other proprietary rights in the Manual. 
 
There are no agreements currently in effect which significantly limit your right to use any 
of our copyrights. Also, there are no currently effective determinations of the USPTO, the U.S. 
Copyright Office (Library of Congress) or any court pertaining to or affecting any of our 
copyrights discussed above. As of the date of this Franchise Disclosure Document, we are unaware 
of any infringing uses of or superior previous rights to any of our copyrights that could materially 
affect your use of them in any state. 
 
