12 
 
 
In addition to the initial franchise fee described in Item 5, you will or may be required to 
make the payments described above. You pay all of these payments to us. All of the fees that you 
are required to pay are uniformly imposed. None of these payments are refundable. 
 
 
The following describes in more detail the fees paid to us listed above. 
Notes: 
 
(A) 
You will be required to pay to us a continuing Royalty Fee equal to seven percent 
(7%) of the Gross Revenues of the franchised business, to be paid and accounted for monthly, or 
the applicable minimum Royalty Fee, whichever is greater. The minimum monthly Royalty Fee 
shall be: (a) $0 per month for months 1-12 after your Training Completion Date; (b) $582 per 
month for months 13-24 after your Training Completion Date; (c) $1,164 per month for months 
25-36 after your Training Completion Date; (d) $1,746 per month for months 37-48 after your 
Training Completion Date; and (e) $2,328 per month for months 49-60 after your Training 
Completion Date or through the end of the term of the Franchise Agreement, whichever occurs 
first. Payments for the previous month are due on the tenth (10th) business day of each month. We 
require you to pay continuing Royalty Fees by electronic funds transfer, and you must provide all 
documentation required to authorize such electronic payments. The term "Gross Revenues" is 
defined in the Franchise Agreement as including all sums received by you from or arising out of 
the sale of all services and products sold or rendered by the franchised business, whether for cash 
or credit and regardless of collection in the case of credit, and all other income of every kind and 
nature related to the franchised business, excluding (i) gratuities paid by customers to employees 
of the franchised business during such period, and (ii) any sales taxes or other taxes collected by 
you during such period from your customers and paid to the appropriate authority. “Training 
Completion Date” is defined in the Franchise Agreement as the date you successfully complete 
and graduate from phase 3 of the initial training program. 
 
(B) 
You will be required to pay a continuing Brand Fee to a promotion and advertising 
fund (the “Brand Fund”) equal to four percent (4%) of the Gross Revenues of the franchised 
business, to be paid and accounted for monthly. Payments for the previous month are due on the 
tenth (10th) business day of each month. We require you to pay continuing Brand Fees by 
electronic funds transfer, and you must provide all documentation required to authorize such 
electronic payments.  
 
(C) 
You are required to pay us a continuing IT Fee for every home inspection 
performed by the franchised business. This fee includes the license and subscription fees necessary 
to provide you access to OnePoint, our proprietary bundle of software and related data storage that 
you are required to use in the operation of the franchised business. See Item 11. The current IT 
Fee is $5.50 per inspection. Payments of the IT Fees for home inspections performed in the 
previous month are due on the tenth (10th) business day of each month. We require you to pay 
continuing IT Fees by electronic funds transfer, and you must provide all documentation required 
to authorize such electronic payments. The IT Fee may be changed or increased by us upon 90 
days advance notice to you in the event the costs incurred by us in connection with providing such 
software and data storage are changed or increased. The IT Fee will not be adjusted as provided 
above more than one (1) time in any calendar year, and any such adjustment shall be equally 
applied to all users. You must pay for the costs of computer, software and data storage 
