 
 
 
Initial____ 
 
Good Neighbor Agreement 
Introduction 
Pillar to Post operates in an environment where multiple franchisees operate in a shared market territory. 
There are many advantages for each owner and the Brand in having multiple franchisees working in the same 
market including accelerating the success of every individual franchisee and growing our brand toward market 
dominance. We have coined the term, “co-opetition” for this reason which focuses on co-operation amongst 
all franchisees while recognizing that all franchisees are operating in the common marketplace. While each 
franchise owner is working to build their own business to their target level of success, operating in 
cooperation with fellow franchisees greatly increases the opportunities for individual success and strengthens 
our brand position in the market against competitors.   
Purpose & Outcome of Good Neighbor Agreement 
Purpose of Good Neighbor Agreement is to: 
a. bring clarity to expectations for behavior, communication and collaboration amongst franchise 
owners operating in a common market territory. 
b. create a means to address discord 
 
Outcome of Good Neighbor Agreement is to: 
a. To promote good neighbor relations amongst franchisees 
b. To leverage opportunities for all franchisees operating in common market 
c. To accelerate individual franchisee business growth and success  
d. To drive brand market awareness and growth of PTP market share  
 
Good Neighbor Agreement 
 
1. Treat your fellow Pillar To Post franchisees the way you would like to be treated.  
a. Use this guidance in all you think, say and do 
 
2. Always speak of and refer to other franchisees and our Brand positively. 
a. We should do this will all competition but even more so with our fellow franchisees. 
b. Take every opportunity to build your fellow franchisees up.  
c. Do not disparage another franchisee or our Brand.  
 
3. Honor existing relationships between fellow franchisees and referring agents. 
a. When marketing and are told they use another franchisee, speak positively and encourage 
them to stay with them. Simply offer to be their second choice. 
 
 
