 
 
18
 
Initial____ 
Technology Platform related to the Pillar To Post home inspection franchise, during the Term and 
any Renewal Term. 
9.5 
Franchisee must establish an account with Franchisor’s designated supplier to 
maintain two (2) business telephone lines that will be exclusively used in operation of the Pillar 
To Post home inspection franchise, including in all advertising and promotion of the business (the 
“Business Lines”). Franchisee shall be solely responsible for all costs related to establishing and 
maintaining the Business Lines during the Term. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Franchisor shall 
exclusively own and control the Business Lines during the Term and thereafter. 
9.6 
Franchisee must implement all administrative, physical and technical safeguards 
that Franchisor requires or that are required under applicable law to protect any information that 
can be used to identify an individual, including names, addresses, telephone numbers, e-mail 
addresses, employee identification numbers, signatures, passwords, financial information, credit 
card information, and government-issued identification numbers (“Personal Information”). No 
assistance, guidance, standards or requirements that Franchisor provides Franchisee constitute a 
representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied, that Franchisee is compliant with 
federal, state, or local privacy and data laws, codes, or regulations, or acceptable industry 
standards. It is Franchisee’s responsibility to confirm that the safeguards Franchisee uses to protect 
Personal Information comply with all laws and industry best practices related to the collection, 
access, use, storage, disposal and disclosure of Personal Information. If Franchisee becomes aware 
of a suspected or actual breach of security or unauthorized access involving Personal Information, 
Franchisee shall notify Franchisor immediately and specify the extent to which Personal 
Information was compromised or disclosed. Franchisor reserves the right to conduct a data security 
and privacy audit of the Pillar To Post home inspection franchise and Franchisee’s computer 
system at any time, from time to time, to ensure that Franchisee is complying with Franchisor’s 
requirements for handling Personal Information. Franchisee agrees to cooperate with Franchisor 
fully during the course of any audit. 
9.7 
Franchisee agrees that Franchisor has the right to require Franchisee to update or 
upgrade computer hardware components, software, and/or cloud-based subscriptions as Franchisor 
deems necessary from time to time, with no limitations as to the number or cost of such updates 
or upgrades. Franchisee must take all steps, including, but not limited to, those related to visibility 
and management of Franchisee’s business network, that are necessary to ensure that Franchisee’s 
business is compliant with all data privacy and security laws and Payment Card Industry Data 
Security Standards (PCI DSS) requirements, as such standards may be revised and modified by 
the PCI Security Standards Council (see pcisecuritystandards.org), or such successor organization 
or standards that Franchisor may reasonably specify. Franchisee agrees to use any computer 
network, intranet system, extranet system, email, and handheld devices required or authorized for 
use in connection with Franchisee’s business in strict compliance with Franchisor’s standards, 
protocols, and restrictions that are included in the Manual or in Franchisor’s other written policies, 
which include, but are not limited to, Franchisor’s privacy policies, encryption requirements, data 
and IT security policies - including the implementation of phishing and other security awareness 
programs and training, cyber incident notification requirements, and Artificial Intelligence 
policies. Franchisee further agrees not to violate Franchisor’s privacy policies or user terms on 
Franchisor’s website. 
