 
 
33
 
Initial____ 
and expenses, including attorneys' fees and disbursements, incurred by Franchisor as a result of 
the default, which obligation shall give rise to and remain, until paid-in-full, a lien in favor of 
Franchisor against any and all of the personal property, furnishings, equipment, signs, fixtures, 
and inventory owned by Franchisee and used in the operation of the Pillar To Post home inspection 
franchise at the time of default. 
16.9 
Franchisee shall immediately pay to Franchisor all damages, costs, and expenses, 
including attorneys' fees and disbursements, incurred by Franchisor subsequent to the termination 
or expiration of this Agreement in obtaining injunctive or other relief for the enforcement of any 
provisions of this Article 16. 
16.10 Franchisee shall immediately deliver to Franchisor the Manual and all other 
records, correspondence, and instructions containing confidential information relating to the 
operation of the Pillar To Post home inspection franchise, all of which are acknowledged to be the 
property of Franchisor, and shall retain no copy or record of any of the foregoing.  
16.11 Franchisee shall immediately discontinue any use of the Technology Platform and 
any information or data generated with and stored by the Technology Platform, all of which are 
acknowledged to be property of Franchisor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon request made 
within ninety (90) days after termination or expiration of this Agreement, Franchisor shall make 
available to Franchisee a complete and secure download file in pdf format of each home inspection 
report generated with and stored by the Technology Platform. In the event Franchisee fails to 
timely request such data as provided herein, Franchisee shall relinquish all right and interest in 
such data, and Franchisor shall have no further obligation to maintain or store such data. 
16.12 Franchisee shall immediately procure, at Franchisee’s expense, an extended 
coverage insurance policy protecting Franchisee, Franchisor, and their respective officers, 
directors, partners, and employees against any demand or claim with respect to any loss or expense 
arising from operation of the Pillar To Post home inspection franchise. Such policy shall be written 
by a responsible carrier acceptable to Franchisor, shall name Franchisor as an additional insured, 
and shall provide at least the types and minimum amounts of coverage specified in the Manual as 
of the date of termination or expiration. The term of the extended coverage period shall not be less 
than two (2) years. 
16.13 Franchisor shall have the option, to be exercised within thirty (30) days after 
termination, to purchase from Franchisee any or all of the furnishings, equipment, signs, and 
fixtures related to the operation of the Pillar To Post home inspection franchise at Franchisee's 
depreciated book value, to purchase any or all supplies and inventory of the Pillar To Post home 
inspection franchise at Franchisee's cost or depreciated book value, whichever is less, and to 
purchase any and all merchantable inventory of the Pillar To Post home inspection franchise 
bearing any of the Marks at Franchisee's cost minus twenty (20%) percent. If the parties cannot 
agree on the price of any such items within a reasonable time, an independent appraisal shall be 
conducted and the appraiser's determination shall be binding. If Franchisor elects to exercise any 
option to purchase herein provided, it shall have the right to set off all amounts due from 
Franchisee, and the cost of the appraisal, if any, against any payment therefore. 
