 
 
17
 
Initial____ 
materials to conform to Franchisor's new Marks, but shall otherwise have no obligation or 
liability to Franchisee as a result of such substitution. 
8.4 
Franchisee hereby irrevocably assigns to Franchisor all right, title and interest that 
Franchisee may have now or in the future to any domain name or social media or networking 
account or site (including, but not limited to, identity, followers, or content) that Franchisee utilizes 
in the operation of the Pillar To Post home inspection franchise, whether or not the domain name, 
account or site has been approved by Franchisor. 
9. 
OPERATIONS MANUAL/TECHNOLOGY PLATFORM/BUSINESS LINES 
9.1 
In order to protect the reputation and goodwill of Franchisor and to maintain high 
standards of operation under the Pillar To Post System, Franchisee shall operate the Pillar To Post 
home inspection franchise in accordance with the mandatory policies, practices, procedures, 
regulations and standards specified in the Manual. Franchisor will lend Franchisee a copy of the 
Manual, which may be made available to Franchisee exclusively through a secured website or 
similar network established for that purpose. Franchisor may from time to time revise the contents 
of the Manual, and Franchisee expressly agrees to comply with each new or changed version or 
standard. The Manual, including all additions and modifications made thereto, shall remain the 
exclusive property of Franchisor, shall only be used in connection with the operation of the Pillar 
To Post home inspection franchise, and shall not be copied or distributed by Franchisee without 
the prior written consent of Franchisor. Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, 
Franchisee must discontinue use of the Manual and all other materials provided by Franchisor and 
return all copies of the Manual and such materials to Franchisor. 
9.2 
Franchisee agrees that the Manual, any other manuals created for or approved for 
use in the operation of the Pillar To Post home inspection franchise, and the information contained 
therein, is confidential information belonging to Franchisor. Franchisee shall treat such 
information as confidential, and shall use all reasonable efforts to maintain such information as 
secret and confidential. Franchisee shall not copy, duplicate, record, or otherwise reproduce the 
foregoing materials, in whole or in part, or otherwise make the same available to any unauthorized 
person or entity. 
9.3 
Franchisee shall use the computer hardware, software, services and systems (the 
“Technology Platform”) provided by Franchisor or provided by suppliers designated by 
Franchisor. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that in the future, and from time to time, 
Franchisee may be required to upgrade the Technology Platform or license, purchase or lease new 
software and technology at Franchisee’s expense, including an increase in the IT Fee provided in 
Section 4.4 of this Agreement. Franchisee shall not copy, duplicate, record or otherwise reproduce 
the Technology Platform, in whole or in part, or otherwise make the same available to any 
unauthorized person or entity. 
9.4 
The right to access the Technology Platform and the information and data generated 
with and stored by the Technology Platform, shall remain the sole property of Franchisor. Provided 
that Franchisee is not in default under this Agreement, Franchisee shall have access to the 
Technology Platform, as well as the information and data generated with and stored by the 
