6 
 
Inc., and Magic Bubbles Franchising, LLC. Mr. Chase maintains his primary office at 2621 Van 
Buren Avenue, Suite 550A, Audubon, PA  19403. 
 
ITEM 3  -  LITIGATION 
 
 
Except for the 1 actions described below, there is no litigation that must be disclosed in 
this item: 
 
Pending Actions 
 
 
There are no actions required to be disclosed. 
 
Prior Actions 
 
KJ Loughery, Inc. v. Pillar To Post, Inc., AAA Case No. 01-17-0007-13731, American 
Arbitration Association. On December 4, 2017, KJ Loughery, Inc., a master franchisee, 
commenced an action against us before the American Arbitration Association (the “KJ Loughery 
Arbitration”) in Tampa, Florida. The arbitration demand asserted claims for wrongful non-renewal 
under the New Jersey Franchise Practices Act (“NJFPA”), unreasonable standards of performance 
under the NJFPA, breach of certain master franchise agreements, breach of the implied covenant 
of good faith and fair dealing, and violation of the Florida Deceptive and Unfair Trade Practices 
Act. We filed an answering statement and counterclaim, which denied each claim and sought a 
declaratory judgment that the master franchise agreements would expire upon expiration of the 
current terms of those agreements. On February 26, 2018, the parties entered into a settlement, 
pursuant to which we agreed to purchase the master franchises in Pennsylvania and New Jersey 
from KJ Loughery, Inc., we agreed to waive any initial franchise fee for a unit franchise agreement 
between KJ Loughery, Inc. and Jim Loughery or his designee for a territory in New Jersey, and 
the parties agreed to dismiss and release all claims.   
  
Governmental Actions 
 
 
There are no actions required to be disclosed. 
 
Pending Affiliate Actions 
 
 
There are no actions required to be disclosed. 
 
Prior Affiliate Actions 
 
 
There are no actions required to be disclosed. 
 
Affiliate Litigation Against Franchisees Commenced in the Past Fiscal Year 
 
 
There are no actions required to be disclosed. 
 
 
Other than these actions, no litigation is required to be disclosed in this Item. 
