20 
 
We estimate that the cost of professional liability insurance and general liability insurance will be 
$750 for the first three (3) months and $2,600 to $3,000 for the first year. Because there can be 
substantial variations in the cost of insurance, you need to contact representatives of Citadel 
Inspector Pro and/or our other approved insurance carriers for further information. Premiums are 
generally based on annual coverage and various monthly, quarterly or annual payment plans may 
be available. 
 
(S) 
You are required to attend and participate in Pillar To Post’s annual Brand 
Conference. You will be required to pay the registration fee for your first annual Brand Conference 
when you sign the Franchise Agreement. You also are required to attend and participate in at least 
one (1) regional meeting each year. The costs necessary to attend these meetings will vary based 
on your location and the location of the meetings. 
 
(T) 
We recommend that you provide for the possibility that expenses may exceed 
revenues and maintain sufficient cash reserves to carry you through the start-up and development 
stage of your business. The exact amount of such reserves will vary from operation to operation 
and cannot be meaningfully estimated. You should consult with your accountant and financial 
advisor to develop a business plan for your particular operation. These additional funds also may 
be used for expenses such as required state or local licensing or certification, additional training to 
satisfy state and local licensing requirements, employee expenses, and supervised inspections 
required to satisfy state and local licensing requirements. You are responsible for determining all 
licensing and certification requirements in your particular jurisdiction. We have estimated this 
amount of additional working capital based on our over 25 years of experience operating a home 
inspection franchised business. 
 
The figures stated above do not include any provision for managerial salaries or draws by 
you based upon the assumption that you will be the full-time manager of the franchised business. 
They also do not include any applicable taxes. 
 
ITEM 8  -  RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS 
AND SERVICES 
 
You are required to use our OnePoint software platform in the operation of the Pillar To 
Post home inspection franchise. You must pay us an IT Fee for access to that software platform. 
The IT Fee includes the license and subscription fees necessary to provide the proprietary bundle 
of software and related cloud-based data storage included in the software platform. See Items 6 
and 11. We may designate another supplier or suppliers for the software and data storage that you 
must use in the operation of the franchised business. As of the effective date of this Franchise 
Disclosure Document, there are no other approved suppliers for software and data storage other 
than us. 
 
You are required to purchase inspection numbers from us. This includes the electronic 
presentation, catalog, and storage of each home inspection that is provided to your customers. We 
may designate another supplier or suppliers for the inspection numbers that you must use in the 
operation of the franchised business. As of the effective date of this Franchise Disclosure 
Document, there are no other approved suppliers for inspection numbers other than us. 
