 
 
7
 
Initial____ 
4.7 
Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor continuing monthly user fees for telephone 
answering and inspection booking services if Franchisee elects to use such services. The current 
telephone answering and inspection booking services are called EZBook Connections. The current 
user fee is $ 33.45 for each home inspection booked through EZBook Connections by the Pillar 
To Post home inspection franchise. If Franchisee books 90% or more of its home inspections 
through EZBook Connections in any month, the current user fee is reduced to $29.75 for each 
home inspection booked during that month. Franchisee is currently required to book a minimum 
of 80% of scheduled inspections through EZBook Connections. The user fees for these services 
may be changed or increased by Franchisor from time to time upon ninety (90) days advance notice 
to Franchisee in the event the costs incurred by Franchisor are changed or increased. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the user fees for these services will not be adjusted as provided 
above more than one (1) time in any calendar year and any such adjustment shall be equally applied 
to all users. 
4.8 
Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor continuing monthly financial reporting fee, 
which includes the license and subscription fees paid by Franchisor to a third-party vendor for 
access to software that Franchisee is required to use to create consolidated financial reports for the 
Pillar To Post home inspection franchise (the “Financial Reporting Fee”). The current Financial 
Reporting Fee is $30.00 per month. The Financial Reporting Fee may be changed or increased by 
Franchisor from time to time upon ninety (90) days advance notice to Franchisee in the event the 
costs incurred by Franchisor in connection with providing such software, any upgrades to such 
software or any replacement software are changed or increased. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
the Financial Reporting Fee will not be adjusted as provided above more than one (1) time in any 
calendar year and any such adjustment shall be equally applied to all users.  
4.9 
Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor a Brand Conference Fee, which includes the 
registration fee for one person to attend the annual Brand Conference. Franchisee is required to 
attend the Brand Conference each year. The current Brand Conference Fee is $1,099. The 
registration fee is established by Franchisor at the beginning of each year for the Brand Conference 
scheduled the following calendar year and may be changed or increased by Franchisor from time 
to time in the event the costs incurred by Franchisor are changed or increased. Franchisee is 
required to pay to Franchisor the registration fee for Franchisee’s first annual Brand Conference 
upon execution of this Agreement. For each year thereafter, the registration fee for the annual 
Brand Conference is payable in twelve (12) monthly installments beginning on the tenth (10th) 
day of January each year and continuing on the tenth (10th) day of each month thereafter. Payment 
of the Brand Conference Fees annually is mandatory and non-refundable.  
4.10 
All monthly payments required by this Section 4 shall be paid by the tenth (10th) 
business day of each month, for the preceding month, and shall be submitted to Franchisor together 
with any reports or statements required under Section 11.3.1 of this Agreement. Any payment or 
report not actually received by Franchisor on or before such date shall be deemed overdue. If any 
payment is overdue, Franchisee shall pay Franchisor immediately upon demand, in addition to the 
overdue amount, as liquidated damages, interest on such amount from the date it was due until 
paid, at the rate of eighteen (18%) percent per annum calculated daily, or the maximum rate 
permitted by law, whichever is less. Entitlement to such interest shall be in addition to any other 
remedies Franchisor may have under this Agreement and applicable law. Franchisee shall not be 
