 
 
4
 
Initial____ 
2.2.7 Franchisee shall execute a general release, in a form prescribed by 
Franchisor;  
2.2.8 Franchisee shall comply with Franchisor's then-current qualification and 
training requirements;  
2.2.9 At least thirty (30) days prior to commencement of the Renewal Term, 
Franchisee shall update, at Franchisee’s expense, the décor, color schemes, signage, 
vehicle wraps and overall presentation of the Marks to Franchisor’s then-current image 
and, if necessary, in Franchisor’s sole and absolute discretion, Franchisee shall update and 
replace the equipment and vehicles used in operation of the Pillar To Post home inspection 
franchise to meet Franchisor’s then-current specifications; and 
2.2.10 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if there is a 
conflict between the renewal rights granted in this Section 2.2 and the renewal rights 
granted to Franchisee by any applicable local, state or federal law, the renewal rights most 
favorable to Franchisee shall prevail. 
2.3 
Franchisee shall pay Franchisor a renewal fee of $2,500.00 to cover the legal and 
administrative costs involved in renewing the franchise. The renewal fee must accompany 
Franchisee’s written notice to renew as required under Section 2.2.1 of this Agreement. 
2.4 
The Franchisor, in its sole discretion, may waive any or all of the conditions in 
Sections 2.2.1 through 2.2.10 of this Agreement. 
3. 
DUTIES OF FRANCHISOR 
3.1 
Franchisor shall provide training as set forth in Section 6 of this Agreement. 
3.2 
Franchisor shall make available to Franchisee advertising and promotional 
materials as provided in Section 12 of this Agreement. 
3.3 
Franchisor shall provide Franchisee with access to Franchisor's training, operation, 
and marketing manuals and materials (collectively, the “Manual”), as more fully described in 
Section 9.1 of this Agreement.  
3.4 
Franchisor shall provide Franchisee with access to certain computer hardware, 
software, services and systems, as more fully described in Section 9.3 of this Agreement. 
3.5 
Franchisor may, in its sole discretion, provide to Franchisee from time to time, 
advice and written materials concerning techniques for managing and operating the Pillar To Post 
home inspection franchise and new developments in products, services and marketing techniques. 
3.5.1 Franchisor may, in its sole discretion, provide to Franchisee from time to 
time, advice and written materials which constitute technical support of Franchisee’s 
operation of the Pillar To Post home inspection franchise. Such support will be geared 
toward general conditions and standards; cannot address the specific codes, standards, or 
regulations with respect to an individual jurisdiction or municipality; and is not intended 
