 
 
22
 
Initial____ 
12.5 
Franchisee shall submit samples of all advertising and promotional plans and 
materials to Franchisor for its approval at least thirty (30) days prior to its proposed use (except 
with respect to prices to be charged by Franchisee), if such plans and materials have not been 
prepared or previously approved by Franchisor. If written notice of disapproval is not received by 
Franchisee from Franchisor within thirty (30) days of the date of receipt by Franchisor of such 
samples or materials, Franchisor shall be deemed to have approved them. 
12.6 
Franchisee may not maintain an internet website, internet-based application, social 
media presence, or otherwise maintain a presence or advertise on the internet or any other public 
computer network in connection with the Pillar To Post home inspection franchise without 
Franchisor’s prior written approval, which Franchisor may withhold for any reason or no reason. 
12.6.1 Franchisee agrees to submit to Franchisor for approval before use true and 
correct electronic copies or proofs of all website pages, software applications or social 
media presence Franchisee proposes to use in connection with the Pillar To Post home 
inspection franchise. Franchisee understands and agrees that Franchisor’s right of approval 
of all such materials is necessitated by the fact that such materials will include and be 
inextricably linked with the Marks. Franchisee may only use material that Franchisor has 
approved. 
12.6.2 Franchisee’s website, application or social media presence must conform to 
all of the mandatory policies, practices, procedures, regulations and standards established 
by Franchisor from time to time, whether set forth in the Manual or otherwise. Franchisee 
agrees to provide all hyperlinks or other links that Franchisor requires. 
12.6.3 If Franchisor grants approval for a website, application or social media 
presence, Franchisee may not use any of the Marks without Franchisor’s prior written 
permission. Franchisee may not post any of Franchisor’s proprietary, confidential or 
copyrighted material or information on its website, application or through social media 
without Franchisor’s prior written approval. If Franchisee wishes to modify its approved 
website, application or social media presence, all proposed modifications must also receive 
Franchisor’s prior written approval.  
12.6.4 Franchisee explicitly understands that it may not post on its website, 
application or through social media any material which any third party has any direct or 
indirect ownership interest in (including, without limitation, video clips, photographs, 
sound bites, copyrighted text, trademarks, service marks, or any other text or image which 
any third party may claim intellectual property ownership interests in).  
12.6.5 Franchisee agrees to list on its website, application or social media presence 
any website maintained by Franchisor, and any other information Franchisor requires in 
the manner Franchisor dictates. 
12.6.6 Franchisee agrees to obtain Franchisor’s prior written approval for any 
internet domain name, home page address, software application or other internet or social 
media identification address. 
