2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
47 
18.24. Survival. Any provision of this Agreement, which contemplates performance of any party 
following termination of this Agreement or expiration of the Term, including, but not limited to, the non-
competition, confidentiality and indemnification provisions of this Agreement, will survive such 
termination or expiration.   
18.25 Interpretation.  Should any provision of this Agreement require judicial interpretation, it 
is agreed that the court interpreting or construing the provision will not apply the assumption that any of 
the terms of this Agreement will be more strictly construed against the party preparing the Agreement, as 
You specifically acknowledge that (i) WZ LLC advised You to obtain legal counsel to review this 
Agreement, (ii) You obtained all professional advice that You believe is necessary for Your full 
understanding of the terms of this Agreement and the consequences of those terms, and (iii) You voluntarily 
sign and enter into this Agreement. 
18.26 Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, including 
by electronic signature, transmission, process or confirmation, each of which individually shall be deemed 
to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one instrument. 
19. 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
19.01. Franchise Disclosure Document Review.  You acknowledge that WZ LLC or its agent 
has provided You with a Franchise Disclosure Document not later than fourteen (14) calendar days before 
You signed this Agreement, and fourteen (14) calendar days before any payment of any consideration, or 
earlier in the sales process if You requested it.  You acknowledge that You have read WZ LLC’s Franchise 
Disclosure Document and understand its contents. 
19.02. Your Advisors.  You acknowledge that You had an opportunity to review this Agreement, 
and the Franchise Disclosure Document and that You had the chance to consult with an attorney or other 
professional advisor.  You acknowledge that: (i) You received a completely filled in Franchise Agreement 
at least seven (7) calendar days before You sign this Franchise Agreement, or (ii) the differences were a 
result of negotiated changes You requested and You had an opportunity to review the changes before 
signing this Agreement. 
19.03. Your Business Acumen.  You also confirm Your understanding that the success of the 
Business licensed by this Agreement is speculative and depends to a large extent on Your ability as an 
independent businessperson and other factors.  You also recognize and acknowledge that You may incur 
expenses or obligations which this Agreement may not address. 
19.04. No Representations of Results.  You acknowledge and agree that no salesperson, 
representative or other person has made any representation regarding the actual or potential sales, income 
or profit from franchised or company or affiliate-owned Stores other than (i) the information stated in 
Item 19 of WZ LLC’s Franchise Disclosure Document, and (ii) the actual records of an existing Store You 
considered buying.  In fact, You acknowledge that You have entered into this Agreement after making an 
independent investigation of the Business and of WZ LLC. 
This Agreement will not be effective until accepted by WZ LLC as evidenced by the dating 
and signing of same by an authorized officer of WZ LLC. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties intending to be bound legally, have signed, and delivered 
this Agreement as of the Effective Date. 
