FDD 2025 (October Amendment)
22 
Before you open your Store for business, you must obtain insurance coverage meeting our 
requirements as specified in the Operations Manual.  You must purchase the coverage from a 
responsible carrier, and you must keep the insurance in force during the term of your Franchise 
Agreement.  Certain insurance carriers have offered “special” programs to our franchisees.  We 
are not involved in any of these programs.  
We have the sole right to arrange for the installation of exterior signage at your Store that 
meets our specifications and oversee the work of a licensed general contractor who meets or 
requirements to perform construction and install fixtures at the Store.  If we do not direct the work, 
then you must use a licensed general contractor we approve to perform this work.  We are also the 
sole supplier of the signs, fixtures, displays, traffic counter monitoring and reporting system, and 
as discussed above, all technology, equipment and other items making up your Point of Sale 
Environment and any other technology systems you will use in the operation of your Store or 
kiosk.  We are also the sole supplier of the installation, set-up and maintenance of your Point of 
Sale Environment and the sole provider of PCI compliance services.   We do not intend to approve 
other suppliers for these items or services, but we may in the future, depending upon various 
factors, including any supply chain issues we may encounter.   
If you wish to use furniture, fixtures, equipment, supplies, signs, computer hardware, 
telephone system or computer software, or sell a product or service that we have not previously 
authorized, you must furnish information to us about the item or service and the supplier, as we 
reasonably request.  We do not charge you any fees to obtain this authorization.  We will notify 
you within 30 days of our receipt of all requested information as to whether authorization is granted 
or denied.  Supplier approval is based upon a supplier’s ability to meet our specifications and 
standards; the demonstration of an acceptable level of quality of construction, performance, and 
appearance; price; production and delivery capability; adequate quality control and recall 
procedures; and adequate insurance coverage.  We have no obligation to, and we will not, approve 
another supplier for a product, service or other item for which we have named a single supplier, 
even if this supplier is us or an affiliate.  You may not obtain from another party wireless 
communications services, entertainment or security products and services that you must obtain 
from us or our Provider.   
We may revoke our approval of previously designated or approved suppliers and designate 
new or replacement designated or approved suppliers.  We will advise you of these changes 
through revisions in the Operations Manual, by e-mail, Intranet, written or facsimile 
correspondence, by telephone or at a meeting we require you to attend.  If we revoke approval of 
a designated or approved supplier, you will cease ordering from the supplier.  You may use up 
your supply of unused inventory and offer for sale any discontinued product or service unless we 
specify otherwise.  We may vary the standards and specifications to consider unique features of 
specific locations or types of locations, special requirements and other factors we consider 
relevant. 
Except for an ownership interest in our affiliates (see Item 1), none of our officers own an 
interest in any suppliers we approve, or suppliers that supply products under our specifications.  
We derive revenue from your purchases of products and services.  In 2024, we received 
$994,722,216 in revenue from device and accessory purchases made by franchisees, amounting to 
77% of our total revenues of $1,291,574,179.  We received $962,564 in revenue (as a straight pass 
through of the cost) from technology infrastructure and installation purchases made by franchisees, 
amounting to approximately 0.07% of our total revenues.  All of this information was taken from 
