2025 FDD (October Amendment) 
Exhibit I State Addenda and Agreement Riders – Wisconsin 
AMENDMENT TO WIRELESS ZONE LLC 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF WISCONSIN 
In recognition of the requirements of Wisconsin Fair Dealership Law, Wisconsin Statutes, §§ 135.01 -
135.07, the parties to the attached Wireless Zone LLC Franchise Agreement (the “Agreement”) agree as 
follows:
1. 
The Agreement is supplemented by adding the following as a new Section at the end: 
20. 
WISCONSIN AMENDMENT. 
A. 
Wisconsin Restrictions.   
1. 
To the extent that the provisions of Section 5 of this Agreement regarding renewal 
are inconsistent with the requirements of the Wisconsin Fair Dealership Law (which, among other things, 
grants you the right, in most circumstances, to 90 days prior written notice to termination and 60 days within 
which to remedy any claims deficiencies), the renewal provision will be superseded by the requirement of 
the Wisconsin Fair Dealership Law and will have no force or effect. 
2. 
To the extent that the provision of Section 14 regarding termination are 
inconsistent with requirements of the Wisconsin Fair Dealership Law (which, among other things, grants 
you the right, in most circumstances to 90 days prior written notice of termination and 60 days within which 
to remedy any claimed deficiencies, and to receive fair wholesale market value for merchandise repurchased 
by Wireless Zone LLC, at your option), the termination provisions will be superseded by the requirements 
of the Wisconsin Fair Dealership Law and will have no force or effect. 
B. 
Validity of Agreement Provisions.  WZ LLC does not waive WZ LLC’s right to challenge 
the enforceability of any state law that declares void or unenforceable any provision contained in this 
Agreement.  WZ LLC and you will enforce the provisions of this Agreement to the full extent permitted by 
law. 
2. 
Each provision of this Amendment will be effective only to the extent that, with respect to the 
provision, the jurisdictional requirement of the Wisconsin Fair Dealership Law is met independently of this 
Amendment.  
