2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
24 
effectuate the changes.  Changes in technology, including hardware and/or software programs, or other 
changes in the System, may require You to upgrade these or other items and incur costs in obtaining other 
or additional items.   
B. 
Upon Termination.  Upon termination of this Agreement or expiration of the Term, You 
must ensure proper media sanitation is completed in accordance with WZ LLC’s requirements.  
C. 
Email. WZ LLC will provide a unique email address to Your principal Owner. WZ LLC 
will also provide an email address for each of Your sales employees at no additional cost to You.  The email 
addresses WZ LLC provides must be used for all email correspondence between You and WZ LLC. WZ 
LLC will have full and complete access to all messages and files transmitted through WZ LLC’s e-mail 
service.   
D. 
Credit Card Processing and Data Security.  You must use a WZ LLC approved credit card 
processing vendor. You must annually demonstrate compliance according to the standards and in the 
manner set forth under Section E of this Section 11.05 and as otherwise communicated by WZ LLC. Unless 
WZ LLC otherwise approves, You must use WZ LLC as Your provider of PCI compliance services and 
pay WZ LLC or any other vendor approved by WZ LLC, any charges imposed for the service. You will 
comply with all data privacy and data security requirements specified by law, and any additional 
requirements required by WZ LLC’s Provider or WZ LLC’s credit card processing vendor.  You agree and 
acknowledge that You are solely responsible for compliance with all applicable privacy and security laws, 
regulations, policies, rules and procedures. 
E.
PCI Compliance.  You agree to implement and maintain appropriate security measures, 
consistent with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (“PCI DSS”) and the Payment 
Application Data Security Standards (“PA DSS”) as necessary, to protect Cardholder Data and Sensitive 
Authentication Data (each defined below).  Upon request, You will provide WZ LLC a copy of Your most 
recent validation of PCI DSS and PA DSS compliance and all supporting documentation, including without 
limitation, an attestation of validation, a report of validation, a report on compliance, and any exceptions 
noted therein (“Compliance Documentation”), promptly following the Effective Date, and on an annual 
basis thereafter (or at such other time to coincide with WZ LLC’s own PCI DSS certification.  You covenant 
and agree to be and remain in compliance with all applicable PCI DSS and PA DSS and will perform the 
necessary steps to validate Your compliance with the PCI DSS and the PA DSS and will notify WZ LLC 
immediately should You: (i) learn or have reason to believe that You are no longer in compliance with the 
PCI DSS or PA DSS; (ii) reasonably anticipate that You are or will be noncompliant or (iii) undergo an 
adverse change in Your certification or compliance status with respect to PCI DSS or PA DSS.  Upon the 
occurrence of either, (i), (ii), or (iii), as set forth above, You will immediately provide WZ LLC with a 
detailed plan to remediate non-compliance.  In the event You cannot provide validation of PCI DSS or PA 
DSS compliance and the necessary Compliance Documentation as set forth above, upon reasonable advance 
notice, WZ LLC will have the right to engage a Qualified Security Assessor (“AQSA”) to conduct an audit, 
to determine compliance with the PCI DSS and PA DSS.  The audit will be conducted by a AQSA on behalf 
of WZ LLC and will be conducted so as to reasonably minimize any disruption to Your operations.  You 
will provide reasonable cooperation with such AQSA and will provide reasonable access to facilities and 
applicable personnel necessary to audit and test compliance.  You must also pay for the cost of the audit.  
Once the audit is completed, You will, as soon as reasonably possible, implement any remediation measures 
recommended by the AQSA in order to either remain certified as PCI DSS or PA DSS compliant or re-
obtain PCI DSS or PA DSS certification and provide a detailed plan with respect to any recommended 
remediation measures.  You acknowledge that You are solely responsible at all times for the security of any 
payment account information or cardholder data in transit, at rest or in Your possession.  Failure by You to 
maintain certification of PCI DSS compliance or PA DSS compliance will be considered a material breach 
and WZ LLC will have the right to terminate this Agreement for cause. 
