2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
28 
entity (i.e., a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, or other similar entity) (a “Business 
Organization”).  You agree that You will not sell, assign, transfer, give, mortgage, pledge, or encumber any 
interest in this Agreement, in the Business, any assets of the Business (other than the sales of assets in the 
ordinary course of business) and Your Owners will not sell, assign, transfer, give, mortgage, pledge, or 
encumber any ownership interest in You (collectively, “Transfer”), except with WZ LLC’s express prior 
written consent.    If You or any Owner or any other person do or purport to do anything prohibited by this 
Section 12.02 without WZ LLC’s prior written consent, the action is void and is a material breach of this 
Agreement that may result in immediate termination of this Agreement.  
A. 
Permitted Transfers.  WZ LLC will not unreasonably withhold its consent to a Transfer, 
but will require You to meet each of the following obligations:  
1. 
WZ LLC will have a right of first refusal to purchase the offered interest according 
to the following procedures:  You must offer to Transfer the interest to WZ LLC at the same price and on 
the same terms and conditions which You propose to Transfer the interest.  You must furnish WZ LLC a 
signed copy of the bona fide written offer.  Within thirty (30) days after WZ LLC receives the copy of the 
written offer and all necessary information from the proposed transferee, WZ LLC may give You notice of 
its election to exercise the option to purchase the offered interest on the same terms contained in the written 
offer, provided that WZ LLC has the right to substitute cash for any non-cash consideration described in 
the written offer.  If WZ LLC exercises this option, WZ LLC must complete the purchase no later than 
thirty (30) days after WZ LLC’s notice to You of WZ LLC’s purchase election.  If WZ LLC does not 
exercise this option during the thirty (30) day period, then You may, during the following one hundred 
twenty (120) days, transfer the offered interest, and if applicable, assign this Agreement to the third party 
on the same terms in the written offer, provided that the assignment will be made, without limitation, in 
compliance with this Section 12.02.A.  If any proposed Transfer is not completed within the one hundred 
twenty (120) day period, or if there is any material change in the terms of the proposed transaction before 
closing, this will constitute a new offer and will again require compliance with this Section 12.02.A.1.  If 
WZ LLC does not exercise the right of first refusal for one (1) offer, it will not affect the right of first refusal 
for any other offer.  WZ LLC will have fifteen (15) extra days after declining to exercise its right of first 
refusal and receipt of all necessary information from the proposed transferee to approve or disapprove of 
the Transfer. 
2. 
You must pay all monies owed to WZ LLC and its affiliates on or just before the 
date of the Transfer. 
3. 
You must relinquish all rights to all “demo lines” and pay all monies due for these 
accounts promptly. 
4. 
You must sign a general release, in the form which WZ LLC provides, of all claims 
against WZ LLC, its affiliates, principals, shareholders, members, managers, employees and agents in WZ 
LLC’s/their corporate and individual capacities. 
5. 
You must have the transferee show, to the sole satisfaction of WZ LLC, that the 
transferee has the financial resources, character, and ability to continue to run the Business successfully. 
6. 
You or Your transferee must pay to WZ LLC its then-current transfer fee for the 
Business, not to exceed five thousand dollars ($5,000).   
7. 
Your transferee must be approved by WZ LLC’s Provider. 
