FDD 2025 (October Amendment)
53 
Notes Applicable to Item 19 
Some Stores have sold/earned these amounts.  Your individual results may differ.  
There is no assurance that you’ll sell/earn as much.
The Stores included in this Item 19 offered substantially the same products and services to 
consumers as you will.   
These financial performance representation figures do not reflect the costs of sales, 
operating expenses, freight expenses, inventory loss expense, royalties or other costs or expenses 
that must be deducted from the gross revenue or gross profit figures to obtain your net income or 
profit.  You should conduct an independent investigation of the costs and expenses you will incur 
in operating your Wireless Zone® Store.  Franchisees or former franchisees listed in this Disclosure 
Document may be one source of this information.   
The data reported in the above tables could vary greatly by geographic region, the length 
of time the Store has been in business, sales volume, sales mix, your particular Provider, the length 
of time that Provider has been operating in the area, the terms of our contract with the Provider, 
the service plan selected by the Store customer, and customer usage.  Results also vary from Store 
to Store.  We cannot estimate the results of any particular Store.   
Written substantiation for the financial performance representation will be made available 
to the prospective franchisee upon reasonable request.  
Other than the preceding financial performance representation, Wireless Zone LLC does 
not make any financial performance representations of company-owned or franchise outlets.  We 
also do not authorize our employees or representatives to make any such representations either 
orally or in writing.  If you are purchasing an existing outlet, however, we may provide you with 
the actual records of that outlet.  If you receive any other financial performance information or 
projections of your future income, you should report it to the franchisor’s management by 
contacting Jay Sichting, Chief Operating Officer, 10300 Kincaid Drive, Suite 100, Fishers, IN 
46037, telephone number (812) 480-6111, the Federal Trade Commission, and the appropriate 
state regulatory agencies.  
