2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
37 
You agree that should You fail to do so, WZ LLC or a designated agent may enter the Store at any time to 
do so at Your sole risk and expense and without any liability for trespass, and You agree to allow WZ LLC 
or its designated agent access to Your Store for such purpose; or 
2. 
Sell the equipment, fixtures, and usable inventory to WZ LLC at their fair market 
value, as WZ LLC may reasonably determine.  You will also transfer all transferable licenses and permits.  
WZ LLC will not be liable for payment to You for licenses, permits, customer information or goodwill.  
I. 
At the request of WZ LLC, transfer, at Your cost, all telephone, facsimile, Internet 
numbers, domain names and e-mail addresses in use or owned by You on the date of termination to WZ 
LLC (or such other party nominated by WZ LLC) and inform any directory of the transfer.  Where no such 
request is made, You will promptly cancel and discontinue use of the telephone, facsimile and/or Internet 
numbers(s) and addresses which served Your Store at the time of termination or expiration and delete any 
listings for the Store’s location wherever located, including directories on the Internet.  You will de-install 
any of WZ LLC’s proprietary software and allow WZ LLC access to Your computer system for removal of 
customer and other data files.  You hereby constitute and irrevocably appoint WZ LLC, under the terms of 
this Agreement, with full power of substitution and revocation by WZ LLC, as Your true and lawful 
attorney-in-fact, to the full extent permitted by law to cancel, terminate, assign, discontinue or take any and 
all lawful action for all telephone, facsimile, Internet numbers, domain names and e-mail addresses which 
serve Your Store, including, without limitation, the power to take the steps as, in the opinion of WZ LLC, 
may be necessary to delete Your listing or advertising in any directories and to terminate any other listing 
which indicates that You are or were affiliated with the Wireless Zone® System.  You will indemnify and 
hold harmless each telephone company, directory publisher, Internet provider and other person or entity 
against all costs, damages, attorneys’ fees, expenses and liabilities which may be incurred or sustained in 
connection with or as a result of any action taken in reliance on the foregoing power of attorney. 
J. 
Cooperate with WZ LLC in providing records of the Business and disclosing all other 
pertinent information.  
K. 
Return all customer files to WZ LLC.  
L. 
Sign all documents which WZ LLC may reasonably require to evidence the termination of 
this Agreement and the termination of Your rights to use the Trademarks and System.  This may include a 
general release of WZ LLC, its affiliates, stockholders, officers, directors, employees, agents, and 
representatives in their respective corporate and individual capacities.  You will also, as requested by WZ 
LLC, take all such action as may be required to cancel all fictitious or assumed names or equivalent 
registrations relating to Your use of the Trademarks.  You appoint WZ LLC as Your attorney-in-fact, with 
full power and authority, to take all such action(s) and to sign all necessary documents on Your behalf. You 
hereby ratify and approve all acts of WZ LLC as Your attorney-in-fact.  This power, being coupled with an 
interest, is irrevocable during the Term and post termination where required by this Agreement. 
M. 
Repay any Marketing Development Funds that the Provider offered, and You received, if 
You close Your Store within a time period specified by Provider.  You will also repay a pro rata portion of 
any Marketing Development Funds You received, based on Your shortfall, if You fail to achieve the 
minimum number of net activations of Postpay service that Provider requires that You achieve during Your 
initial period of operation.  “Marketing Development Funds” means an amount offered by Provider to WZ 
LLC and extended by WZ LLC to You to be applied to the cost of signage for Your Store.  You 
acknowledge and agree that Marketing Development Funds may be offered by the Provider, and extended 
by WZ LLC to You, but are not guaranteed; and that if You accept Marketing Development Funds, if 
offered, receipt is subject to Provider’s conditions.  
