 
8 
NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Intangible Assets Other than Goodwill consist of the following: 
 
Trade Name is amortized on a straight-line basis over the period of benefit, which has been estimated to be 
fifteen years. 
 
Franchise and Distribution Network is amortized on a straight-line basis over the period of benefit, which has 
been estimated to be fifteen years. 
 
Long-lived Assets, including property and equipment and other finite life intangible assets, are reviewed for 
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their respective carrying amounts may not 
be recoverable by applying a recoverability test based on projections of undiscounted future cash flows.  If 
estimates of future undiscounted cash flows are insufficient to recover the carrying value of the long-lived asset 
group, the Company compares the fair value of the asset group to the net book value to determine if the carrying 
value is impaired. 
 
Goodwill represents the excess of the acquisition cost over the fair value of identifiable net assets acquired in a 
business combination.  The Company applies Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2021-03, Intangibles – 
Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Accounting Alternative for Evaluating Triggering Events, which allows the 
Company to evaluate goodwill impairment on an annual basis only as of the end of the year, regardless of 
whether management believed indicators of impairment existed during the year.  The amount by which the 
carrying value of the goodwill exceeds its implied fair value, if any, is recognized as an impairment loss.  There 
were no changes in the carrying amount of goodwill during 2024, 2023 and 2022. 
 
Revenue Recognition 
 
Commissions and Residuals – The Company entered into a distribution agreement with a wireless service 
provider to serve as an agent and to offer the provider’s services through its franchisees to their customers.  The 
Company receives a commission from a wireless service provider for certain device sales and for each subscriber 
activation and related service that franchised stores generate.  In addition, the Company is paid a one-time 
residual commission of certain new customer/subscriber plans and recurring residual commission, based upon a 
percentage of airtime billings, for customer/subscriber plans initiated prior to 2012.  Commissions revenue, net of 
estimated service deactivations, is generally recognized when earned, at a point in time, when customer 
activations and upgrades occur. 
 
A portion of the commission and residual payments received are then paid out to each franchisee based upon the 
volume of business generated through the applicable service provider.  Revenue is recorded net of costs paid to 
another party for performance obligations where the Company arranges for the other party to transfer goods or 
services to the customer.  Revenue and cost of revenue is recorded on a gross basis for performance obligations 
relating to services provided where the Company controls a right or access to the wireless service provider’s 
service or controls the underlying service itself.  Based on an evaluation of authoritative accounting literature, the 
Company has determined that gross presentation is appropriate for reporting commissions revenue on new 
customer/subscriber plans and recurring residual commissions, as in the Company’s judgment, the Company is 
the primary obligor in the transaction and controls a right to the wireless service provided.   
 
Based on an evaluation of authoritative accounting literature, the Company has determined that net presentation 
is appropriate for reporting commissions on retail installment device sales, as in the Company’s judgment, the 
Company is not the primary obligor in the transaction. 
 
 
 
