2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
13 
8. 
FRANCHISEE IDENTIFICATION   
8.01. 
Display.  You agree to purchase and display in a prominent place and fashion whatever 
advertising, signs, posters, and other materials WZ LLC may specify, including all elements of trade dress 
(which may include the design of the Store and displays, framed posters, interior colors, and choice of 
furnishings).   
8.02. 
Identity as Franchisee.  You agree that at all times and in all of Your business dealings 
and to the general public, You will identify Yourself as a franchisee of WZ LLC, in the manner specified 
by WZ LLC.  You also agree that You will never identify Yourself as being WZ LLC, a subsidiary, division, 
partner, joint venturer, agent, or employee of WZ LLC, Wireless Zone® or of any other Wireless Zone®
franchisee.  
9. 
TRAINING AND OPERATIONS SUPPORT   
9.01. 
New Franchisee Training Program.  Each natural person who holds a twenty percent 
(20%) or greater equity interest in the Franchise or in the entity that is a party to this Agreement, must 
complete, to WZ LLC’s satisfaction, WZ LLC’s new franchisee training program.  If You employ a general 
manager for the Franchise, whether another Owner who has not completed the training program or a third 
party, that individual must also complete the new franchisee training program.  You will be responsible for 
the costs associated with travel, lodging, meals, and salaries, if applicable, incurred by all attendees while 
attending the new franchisee training program. The new franchisee training program will be conducted at 
WZ LLC’s corporate headquarters, virtually, or at another location designated by WZ LLC.  All persons 
required to complete training must have done so prior to You opening the Store for business.      
9.02. 
Additional Training.  In addition to the mandatory new franchisee training program, WZ 
LLC may require You to complete training, on-site or remotely, related to the operation of the Store and 
the management and operation of the Franchise. In all cases, WZ LLC will provide the training at a time 
and place and in a form of WZ LLC’s choosing, WZ LLC may charge a fee for the training, and You are 
responsible for the costs associated with travel, lodging, meals, and salaries, if applicable, incurred by all 
attendees.  If WZ LLC provides a training program at Your Store, You will reimburse WZ LLC for all costs 
associated with providing the training, including travel and lodging for WZ LLC’s trainers.  If You or any 
of Your employees register for a training class, meeting, or seminar, but fail to attend, WZ LLC may charge 
You a “no-show” fee whether or not there was a fee for that training or meeting.  The amount of the fee 
will be set by WZ LLC from time-to-time and You agree to pay that fee upon receipt of an invoice. 
9.03. 
Ongoing Assistance.  WZ LLC will furnish You with reasonable operating assistance 
through company representatives, as WZ LLC deems appropriate. This ongoing assistance may include 
onsite visits, reasonable telecommunications, evaluations of Your operations, sales and profitability, and 
recommendations for improvements.  You will immediately remedy any deficiencies or unsatisfactory 
conditions which WZ LLC’s representatives determine exist, including any failure to adhere to WZ LLC’s 
standards for quality service. 
9.04. 
Limitation of Liability.  While WZ LLC agrees to apply its skill and judgment to train 
and assist You in the operation of Your Store, You agree that WZ LLC MAKES NO WARRANTY 
CONCERNING ITS SERVICES WHICH WILL BE PROVIDED AS IS, AND WZ LLC WILL NOT BE 
LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR THE PERFORMANCE OR FAILURE TO 
PERFORM OF ANY EMPLOYEE, ADVISOR, CONSULTANT OR CONTRACTOR OF WZ LLC.  
