FDD 2025 (October Amendment)
30 
geographic area or on a pro-rata or proportional basis.  We are not a fiduciary for monies held for 
advertising, marketing, or development accounts.    
Computer Equipment 
You must purchase from us all products, services or other items making up your Store’s or 
kiosk’s “Point of Sale Environment”, unless we decide to approve other vendors.  This includes 
your point of sale systems and related technology and infrastructure,  and all equipment, hardware, 
software and other items or services we require you to use to operate your Store or kiosk.  You 
must also use us to install, set-up and maintain the Point of Sale Environment, unless we decide to 
approve other vendors.  Your Store will initially require at least 2 desktop point-of-sale 
workstations, 4 mobile point-of-sale tablets, at least 2 credit card readers, a printer, network and 
security equipment, and related software.  The estimated cost to purchase the products, services 
and other items discussed above to open your Store is between $7,000 and $9,000.  The actual 
costs may vary depending on the amount of hardware and software you choose to purchase.  You 
must update and replace all technology, equipment and other items we require at least once every 
3 years or as we determine in our sole discretion, either to meet the need for technological 
improvements or to ensure the effective operation of the System.  You must purchase all updated 
replacement technology, equipment and other items from us at our then-current prices at the time 
of the update, unless we approve other vendors.  Typically, any workstation hardware purchased 
from us will have a 3-year warranty. You may also be required to purchase software or hardware 
upgrades at the direction of us and the manufacturer(s) of the hardware and software included in 
your Point of Sale Environment, or otherwise, to accommodate technological improvements. 
There are no contractual limits on any updates or upgrades that are required for any of these items.  
All upgrade and update costs are your responsibility.  The cost of any upgrades will vary, and we 
have no basis for estimating the annual or periodic costs you might incur, which are determined 
by the manufacturer. Upgrades are included in the license fee for the point of sale software 
included in the Point of Sale Environment which you will have to use.  If you are acquiring an 
existing Store, and the equipment or technology used in the Store does not meet our current 
approved equipment or technology standards, you must update and replace these items at the times 
we may specify, which may be a condition to our consent to the sale. 
You will furnish us with the ability to download your sales and customer information and 
all other information we request, on a regular basis, even though we will have independent access 
to that information.  We will advise you as to the timing, format, and content of the information 
you must make available to us.  You must have an Internet service that meets our standards. We 
provide a unique email address to the principal Owner of each of our franchisee entities 
(@wireless-zone.com). We also provide an email address for each franchisee employee at no 
additional cost to you.  The Wireless Zone® email address must be used for all email 
correspondence between you and us to ensure that we are able to maintain confidentiality with our 
communications. You must use a credit card processing company that we have approved. 
You must use point of sale software we designate to handle all transactions in your Store.  
The software maintains a data base of your customers and of products for use in managing your 
Store.  Upgrades to the software will be included in the monthly licensing fee.  We will have 
independent full access to all information and data collected by the software and any other data or 
information created by or maintained in your point of sale systems, whether mobile or otherwise.  
There are no contractual limits on our right to access this information.  If your Store closes, you 
must ensure the proper media sanitation in accordance with our policies.   
