2025 Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
Exhibit 5 Provider Compliance Agreement  
5
otherwise, other than those provided for by Provider as part of Provider’s Activation or business processes and 
procedures.  Nothing in this Agreement will be construed to prohibit WZ LLC from allocating Compensation 
between you and any other franchisees in accordance with the Franchise Agreement. 
8. 
Chargebacks.  You acknowledge and agree that Provider may chargeback WZ LLC for any 
Compensation payable to you if Provider determines that any Compensation was paid to WZ LLC based on any 
transaction conducted by you, or any action taken by you, or any inaction or omission by you, that is not in 
compliance with all of Provider’s policies and procedures.  You further acknowledge and agree that WZ LLC shall 
collect from you any amounts charged back to WZ LLC by Provider.  Provider has the sole discretion under the 
Provider Contract to determine the basis for any chargebacks it may assess against WZ LLC and for which you may 
be liable to WZ LLC.    
9.
Confidentiality.  You will not, without Provider’s prior written consent, disclose to any third party 
any Confidential Information provided to you by Provider, including whether directly or indirectly though WZ 
LLC.  
10.
Government Entities. You will not offer, market or sell Provider Covered CMRS to any 
Government Entity.  
11.
Trademark License.  Provider has authorized WZ LLC to grant you  a limited sub-license to use 
the Licensed Marks, subject to the following terms:  
11.1  
All advertising, promotional material or signs prepared by you using Provider’s name, the Licensed 
Marks, or any language from which any of the Marks may be inferred or implied, will be submitted to WZ LLC 
who will obtain Provider’s written approval before publication or, in the case of signs, construction.   
11.2.  You may use sales materials prepared or distributed by Provider.  
12.  
Provider Not a Party.  Provider is not a party to the Franchise Agreement or this Agreement, or 
any contract between WZ LLC and you, and Provider has no obligations or liabilities to you thereunder,  (including, 
without limitation, any obligation to pay Compensation to you arising out of the Business or liability for the impact 
of any Provider actions on your business).  You acknowledge and agree that you are not intended to be, and will 
not be deemed to be, a third-party beneficiary of the Provider Contract, and that Provider is not intended to be a 
third-party beneficiary of the Franchise Agreement or this Agreement. 
13.
Waiver of Rights. 
13.1 
WAIVER OF TRIAL BY JURY.  In the event of any litigation, action, proceeding or counterclaim, 
whether at law or in equity, brought by You against Provider, you irrevocably waive trial by jury.   
13.2. 
You waive, and neither WZ LLC nor Provider, will be liable to you for any consequential, 
incidental, indirect, punitive, special, treble, exemplary or enhanced damages, including but not limited to lost 
profits, lost business, diminution in value of business, or other commercial or economic loss, whether such damages 
are claimed for breach of contract, negligence or otherwise, and whether or not WZ LLC has been advised of the 
possibility of such damages, arising out of the policies, procedures, actions, omissions or directives of Provider.  
14. 
Marketing.  You will not transmit to a Number or to a Subscriber any unsolicited or unauthorized 
commercial material, including, but not limited to, advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “SPAM,” chain 
letters, pyramid schemes, or other undesirable material.  You will comply at all times with all requirements of 
federal and state law related to advertising your business or Provider’s products and services, including the 
Telephone Consumer Protection Act, and any other applicable statutes or regulations. 
15.  
Protection of Personal Information.  WZ LLC and Provider have determined that it is critical to 
the protection of both the Wireless Zone® and Provider brands and goodwill to ensure the safety and security of 
Subscriber Information, Confidential Information and Highly Confidential Information.  Any failure by you to 
protect such will negatively impact the parties’ brand, reputation, goodwill derived from Subscribers and/or 
customers (collectively “Customer(s)”), regulatory obligations, and/or cause Customer complaints.   
15.1 
You agree that neither you nor your owners, members, employees, agents, representatives, 
contractors, vendors, suppliers or any other person or entity will:   
