2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
31 
current transfer fee.  The other Business Organization will have the right to operate the Business for the 
remaining term left under this Agreement. 
13. 
STEP-IN RIGHTS AND BUY-OUT OPTION 
13.01. Step-In Rights. If, at any time during the Term, WZ LLC determines that the operation 
of the Business is in jeopardy, or if there is a Triggering Event, then WZ LLC will have the right but not 
the obligation to enter into immediate possession of the Store and to operate the Business until WZ LLC, 
in its sole discretion, determines that the Business is no longer in jeopardy.  You acknowledge that this right 
to “step-in” is necessary to preserve the value and integrity of the Wireless Zone® System, and You 
authorize WZ LLC to exercise the rights described here.  You will reimburse WZ LLC for all costs incurred 
when exercising step-in rights.  You will indemnify and hold harmless WZ LLC, its officers, directors, 
agents, representatives, affiliates and subsidiaries, or anyone else acting on WZ LLC’s behalf, against any 
claims, actions, losses, damages, harms and liabilities, including reasonable attorney’s fees, incurred by 
WZ LLC as the result of WZ LLC exercising its step-in rights under this Agreement. 
13.02. Buyout Rights.  In the event of the occurrence of a Triggering Event, WZ LLC will have 
the irrevocable option, but not the obligation, to purchase substantially all of the assets of the Business and 
to receive assignment of Your lease, on the terms set forth in Sections 13.03 and 13.04, and You commit 
that You will use Your best efforts, and take such actions, as necessary to consummate a sale on these 
terms. In the event WZ LLC seeks to enforce its buyout rights in a bankruptcy, receivership or other 
insolvency-related proceeding, You agree and consent to forever waive any objection to any sale, including 
a sale conducted under Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code. 
13.03. Purchase of Assets.  WZ LLC may exercise the option granted in Section 13.02 by 
providing notice to You, within thirty (30) days after occurrence of the Triggering Event, that it elects to 
exercise its buyout rights.  You will then be obligated to sell to WZ LLC all of the furnishings, equipment, 
signs, fixtures, accounts, franchise rights, supplies, inventory, and other assets of the Franchise, excluding 
only cash, cash deposits, and accounts receivable, in consideration for payment to You of the Purchase 
Price.  The Purchase Price will be paid to You by ACH at the closing of the purchase; provided, however, 
that while WZ LLC will not be obligated to assume any of the liabilities of the Business, if WZ LLC does 
elect to assume any of the liabilities of the Business, it will then reduce the cash paid for the purchase by 
an amount equal to the liquidated value of the liabilities assumed.  To the extent WZ LLC elects not to 
assume any liabilities of the Business, You must pay or otherwise satisfy these liabilities at or before the 
closing of the purchase.  If You have not paid some of those liabilities prior to the closing, WZ LLC may 
pay any such liabilities directly at the closing and subtract the amount thereof from the amount paid to You 
at the closing.   
A.
You will, at WZ LLC’s option, assign to WZ LLC at the closing any interest which You 
have in any lease or sublease for the premises in which the Business is operated and cooperate in securing 
any approvals that may be required to transfer the lease or sublease.  Assuming You have paid all rent due 
under the lease or sublease and are not otherwise in default of the lease or sublease as of the closing of the 
purchase, if the landlord does not release You from liability under the lease or sublease, WZ LLC will 
indemnify You for all future liability under the lease or sublease. If You are in default of the lease or 
sublease as of the closing of the purchase, You will indemnify WZ LLC against all costs incurred, including 
legal expenses, to cure Your defaults and to effect assignment of the lease or sublease.  
B.
If WZ LLC exercises its rights under Section 13.02, You will execute a purchase agreement 
in a form prescribed by WZ LLC, agreeing to transfer the assets of the Business to WZ LLC, free and clear 
of all liens and encumbrances.  That purchase agreement will include representations, warranties, and 
covenants as are typical for the sale of a business, including representations from You that the assets are in 
