FDD 2025 (October Amendment)
19 
We or the Provider may offer to subsidize all or a portion of your cost (after any subsidies 
described above) for any signs, fixtures, displays, and if applicable, your kiosk cost.  If we 
and/or the Provider subsidize all your costs for the display items and/or your kiosk, the 
items subsidized remain our property and/or property of the Provider.  If we and/or a 
Provider subsidize only a portion of the cost of your display items and/or your kiosk, you 
will bear the remaining cost of the item after any subsidies that we and the Provider grant.   
(5) 
The miscellaneous opening costs include security deposits, utility deposits, incorporation 
expenses and professional fees, telephone systems, furniture, PCI compliance, traffic 
counters, credit card services, and startup and Internet-based training fees for our POS 
software.   
(6) 
Payment for your initial product inventory is due in full before delivery, unless we 
otherwise agree. Payment of your initial product inventory must be processed 
electronically via ACH or EFT.  After we receive verification that the funds for payment 
of your initial product inventory have cleared our bank, your initial product inventory will 
be shipped to your Store.  Initial inventory requirements will vary based on your projected 
sales volumes. 
(7) 
The initial marketing program campaign expenses are usually incurred soon after your 
Store begins operation.  You may spend more than $5,000 on this campaign.   
(8) 
You are responsible for the payment of any sales tax, use tax, gross receipts tax, excise tax, 
other similar tax or freight and delivery charges associated with the franchise. These costs 
vary from state to state. 
(9) 
This is an estimate for additional funds you will require during your first 3 months of 
operation, which includes your initial startup expenses, supplies, certain inventory 
(including up-front fixed payments for wireless devices), and payroll costs, but does not 
include insurance or any security deposit or rent you pay to the landlord.  These figures are 
estimates.  New businesses often generate a negative cash flow, and our estimates represent 
average amounts typically needed to fund your initial operations.  Your costs could be 
higher.  Your costs will depend on factors such as how much you follow our methods and 
procedures, your management skills and business acumen, local economic conditions, the 
local market for wireless products, wireless services, and accessories, the amount of 
wireless products and wireless services, and accessories sold, the prevailing wage rate, 
competition and the level of sales reached during the initial 3 month period.  Your inventory 
expenses will increase the more successful you are.  These figures do not include royalties; 
we cannot estimate those of your expenses that depend on your sales level.  The figure also 
does not include your personal living expenses or loan payments which you should provide 
for separately.  You need to always maintain adequate reserves and working capital to 
support your ongoing business expenses. 
(10) 
Payments to third parties may be refundable, according to the policies of these parties; we 
do not participate in these decisions.  All payments to us are non-refundable, except the 
initial franchise fee, a portion of which may be refundable under the circumstances 
described in Item 5. 
(11) 
We have prepared these estimates based on over 35 years of experience operating and/or 
franchising Stores.  These estimates cover your initial cash investment up to the opening 
of your Store and the first 3 months of operation.  You will be responsible for payment of 
