3 
2025 FDD (October Amendment) 
Exhibit E Addendum Re: Data Protection and Security 
If there is a Breach of Security.  If a Breach of Security occurs, it must be IMMEDIATELY reported to the 
franchise owner, who must IMMEDIATELY report it to WZ LLC Legal.  The law may require notice or 
other actions upon a Breach of Security, and it is vitally important that any Breach of Security be promptly 
reported. 
COMPUTER SYSTEM SECURITY REQUIREMENTS
All computers that contain Personal Information must be protected in accordance with the requirements of 
these Procedures. 
User Authentication.  Each store will monitor and control its computers. 
Each user will be assigned a unique ID and a generic password; the user will be required to choose a 
unique password upon first login. 
All IDs and passwords will be disclosed only to the responsible person in each store, who will keep 
such IDs and passwords secure.  Employees should never share IDs or passwords. 
Each user will memorize his or her ID and password and will not disclose them to any unauthorized 
person, or record them in any manner that compromises security. 
Access to folders or files containing Personal Information will be restricted to active users who are 
authorized to access such Personal Information. 
Users who require more than 5 attempts to log into a computer or system will be blocked; this number 
may be changed from time to time by the authorized person as appropriate. 
Access Control.  Users will be prohibited from accessing Personal Information that they do not need to 
perform their job function.  This is accomplished by controlling access to folders, and, where appropriate, by 
password protecting documents.
Encryption of Laptops.  All laptop computers and all portable drives, or other electronic data devices, must 
have Personal Information contained on them encrypted.  The responsible person for each store will maintain 
encryption keys or passwords and make sure that only authorized employees have access to them.
Internet Access; Firewall Protection.  Each store will maintain firewall protection and operating system 
security patches reasonably designed to maintain the integrity of Personal Information on all computers 
accessible to the internet.
Anti-virus Software.  Each store will maintain system security agent software including malware protection 
and reasonably up-to-date patches and virus definitions.
Training.  The responsible person will train all employees about computer security, including new employees, 
and will update this information and training periodically as necessary.
DEFINITIONS
Personal Information means an individual’s first name and last name, or first initial and last name, in 
combination with any one or more of the following identifiers or data elements that relate to such individual: 
social security number 
driver’s license number 
state-issued identification card number 
financial account number 
credit or debit card number (with or without security code, access code, or PIN) 
alien registration number 
health insurance identification number 
Personal Information also means information containing one or more of the above identifiers if it is capable of 
being associated with a particular individual.  Information that is lawfully obtained from publicly available 
information, or from federal, state, or local government records, is not Personal Information.   
Data Protection Program refers to our comprehensive program to protect Personal Information and other 
sensitive information and data of employees, customers, and others. 
