FDD 2025 (October Amendment)
1 
Item 1 
THE FRANCHISOR, AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS, AND AFFILIATES 
Franchisor, Parents, Predecessors, and Affiliates 
The Franchisor is Wireless Zone LLC, which may be referred to in this disclosure document 
as “Wireless Zone”, “WZ LLC”, the “Company”, “we”, “us” or “our”.    “You” means the person 
who buys the franchise, where “person” includes both natural persons and business entities.   If 
“you” are a business entity, “you” includes your owners. Natural persons having an ownership 
interest in a business entity franchisee are called an “Owner” and collectively “Owners.” 
We are a Connecticut limited liability company.  We were founded on July 1, 1988 as 
Automotive Technologies, Inc., a Connecticut corporation.  In October 2016 we converted from a 
Connecticut corporation to a Connecticut limited liability company and changed our name.  Our 
principal address is 10300 Kincaid Drive, Suite 100, Fishers, Indiana 46037.  We have offered 
franchises for the same type of business you will be operating since 1989, when we offered 
franchises under our original mark “The Car Phone Store.”  We adopted the trademark Wireless 
Zone® for the System starting in 1995.  We have never offered franchises in any other line of 
business. Currently, we do not own or operate any Wireless Zone® store locations, although we 
have operated stores in the past and may do so again in the future.   
Wireless Zone, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of PYITE, LLC, with its principal address 
at 10300 Kincaid Drive, Fishers, Indiana 46037.  PYITE is a wholly owned subsidiary of Round 
Room, LLC, with the same principal address as PYITE.   
We have an affiliate called The Culture of Good, Inc. (“Culture of Good”).  Culture of 
Good offers management and business practices consulting services.  Culture of Good may offer 
products and services to our franchisees, including books and other goods that can be used in 
charitable activities.   
We have an affiliate called The Cellular Connection, LLC (“TCC”).  TCC owns stores 
operating under the “TCC” name, which offer goods and services substantially similar to the goods 
and services you will offer in your Wireless Zone® store and which may compete with your 
Wireless Zone® franchise.  TCC will also sell certain goods to you.  See Item 6.   
We have an affiliate, Round Room Gives, Inc. (the “Foundation”).  The Foundation gives 
monetary grants to charitable organizations, including organizations servicing the communities in 
which Wireless Zone® franchisees live and work.  We currently require franchisees to donate $0.25 
to the Foundation for each account activation and upgrade transaction and a percent of total sales 
is contributed by us to the Foundation. Owners and employees of our franchisees have the 
opportunity to apply for Foundation grants under the terms of that program as it exists from time 
to time.  
Except as set forth above, our parent companies and the affiliates identified above have 
never operated stores selling wireless products or wireless services, or accessories, and have not 
offered franchises in any line of business. 
Agent for Service of Process 
If we have an agent for service of process in your state, we disclose that agent in Exhibit A. 
