FDD 2025 (October Amendment)
29 
Advertising/Marketing 
You must aggressively promote your Store in your local geographic area.  You may 
develop advertising and marketing materials for your own use at your own cost, but we must 
approve these materials in writing in advance of publication or use.  You must limit all your 
marketing and promotional activities to the Protected Territory unless you have received prior 
written approval from us.  All local marketing and promotion by you of any type must be conducted 
in a professional manner and must be approved by us in writing in advance.  You may not be 
approved to use our Provider’s trademarks in any advertising or other forums.  If you are approved 
to use our Provider’s trademarks in any manner, you must adhere to our and our Provider’s 
guidelines and requirements regarding the use of the Provider’s trademarks.  
You must participate in 1 or more civic organizations in the community in which your 
Store is located.  We may suggest certain organizations and encourage all our franchisees to 
participate in specific philanthropic programs, including the Foundation.  In addition, you must 
participate in all programs we support, and pay all amounts, or make contributions, as we may 
require from time-to-time  (Franchise Agreement – Section 7.04.) 
We may require that you develop an initial marketing program campaign.  You are 
responsible for the cost of any initial marketing program campaign.  If we require you to develop 
this campaign, then at your request, we will assist you with the development of the initial marketing 
program campaign.  (Franchise Agreement – Section 7.03.)
You may not establish, or have established on your behalf, any website, webpage, social 
media or social networking site, profile, account, hashtag, or avatar relating to or referring to us, 
your Store, any Provider, the Trademarks or to the System without our prior written approval.  If 
you wish to maintain a website, social media sites, or use other electronic media, you must first 
obtain our prior written approval of the form and content, which consent we are under no obligation 
to provide, as we consider the maintenance of a website or social media site to be a form of 
advertising and subject to our requirements.  We may require that the only website or social media 
sites for you and the System will be the website or social media sites that we maintain.   (Franchise 
Agreement – Section 10.15.)   
We may, in the exercise of our sole business judgment, spend cooperative funds we receive 
from a Provider in any manner we choose, including on branding initiatives to promote and 
enhance the quality image, identity and patronage of our Stores.  We will determine the cost, 
media, content, format, style, timing, allocation, and all other matters related to these programs. 
(Franchise Agreement – Sections 7.01. and 7.02.)  Currently, our regional and local advertising, 
which is developed by our in-house marketing department in conjunction with and subject to the 
approval of our Provider, may be disseminated by us via the Internet, including social platforms, 
electronic media, radio, television or direct mail. 
We may use advertising, marketing, or development funds paid to us by our Provider to 
offset our costs for advertising, marketing, and promotion, and we may make payment to us or our 
affiliates for administrative expenses arising out of the design, production, and placement of 
advertising and promotional materials on behalf of some or all franchisees.  We would not have 
any obligation to develop, implement, or administer these funds to ensure that expenditures are 
proportionate or equivalent to payments attributable to a particular Store, or to make expenditures 
to benefit any particular franchisee or group of franchisees, or for any particular market area, 
