2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
17 
LLC, nor will Your performance of that obligation relieve You of liability under indemnity provisions 
contained in this Agreement.
B. 
Certificates.  Before the commencement of any business operations under this Agreement, 
and then on an annual basis, You will deliver to WZ LLC certificates of insurance evidencing proper types 
and minimum amounts of coverage.  You will also maintain certificates of insurance evidencing the proper 
types and minimum amounts of coverage at the Store.  All certificates will expressly provide that no less 
than thirty (30) days’ written notice will be given to WZ LLC if there is material alteration to, or cancellation 
of, coverage evidenced by the certificates, and will include the interests of WZ LLC and its affiliates to be 
noted as additional insureds on all policies except for employment practices liability insurance.
C. 
Failure to Obtain.  Should You, for any reason, fail to obtain or maintain the insurance 
required by this Agreement, as such requirements may be revised by WZ LLC in the Operations Manual or 
otherwise in writing, WZ LLC has the right and authority (but not the obligation) to obtain the insurance 
and to charge You for same, along with any third-party expenses incurred by WZ LLC to obtain and 
maintain such insurance, which charges will be payable by You immediately upon written notice and which 
WZ LLC may deduct, or collect payment of, in the same manner and at the same time WZ LLC deducts or 
collects payments of Your WZ LLC Royalties.  The foregoing remedies will be in addition to any other 
remedies WZ LLC may have.
D.
Changes in Coverage.  WZ LLC may, from time-to-time, in the exercise of its sole 
discretion, change or increase the  minimum policy limits or types of coverage it deems advisable and You 
must comply with the new requirements;  provided, however, all changes will apply to all similarly situated 
franchisees of WZ LLC. 
10.05. Construction, Maintenance and Repair of Store. 
A. 
Construction and Remodel of Store.  WZ LLC will survey and furnish You with a layout 
for the interior of a typical Store and specific decor specifications.  WZ LLC will also provide You with 
specific exterior signage specifications, and either provide You with an approved vendor or directly arrange 
for the installation of exterior signage. For construction and remodeling, WZ LLC may arrange for and 
oversee the work of a licensed general contractor to perform construction and install fixtures at the Store 
that meet our specifications; provided, however, all such installation must be performed by a supplier 
approved by WZ LLC.  If WZ LLC does not direct the work, then You will, at Your sole expense, use only 
WZ LLC approved and licensed general contractors and suppliers to perform construction and installation 
work at the Store, in accordance with the specifications established by WZ LLC and all local laws and code 
ordinances; provided, however, unless otherwise approved by WZ LLC You must use an approved supplier 
of WZ LLC to install all fixtures at the Store.  You may submit a licensed, general contractor of Your 
choosing to WZ LLC for our approval.  If WZ LLC permits You to use Your own WZ LLC approved 
general contractor, such use is at Your sole risk and expense.  WZ LLC may require You to approve, or to 
submit to WZ LLC for prior written approval, all construction plans, site plans, and blueprints for each 
Store.  You must investigate, keep informed of, and comply, at Your expense, with all local, state, and 
federal laws, rules, regulations, ordinances, standards, and directives in effect at any time related to the 
construction and operation of Your Store and the use of any furniture, fixtures, equipment, and signs.  You 
shall be responsible for complying with the Americans with Disabilities Act (“ADA) and all similar law 
and regulations. You will develop Your Store in the manner WZ LLC prescribes, including the 
implementation of the System.  You will use in the construction and operation of Your Store only those 
brands and types of furniture, fixtures, equipment, displays, supplies, signs, computer hardware and 
software, technology, telephone and security systems, including traffic monitoring and reporting systems 
and equipment that meet WZ LLC’s standards and specifications. All services You use in the construction 
and operation of Your Store, including installation and set-up of Your Point of Sale Environment, security 
