 
9 
NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
 
Wholesale Revenue – The Company sells merchandise to its franchisees for resale.  Revenue is recognized by 
the Company when control is transferred to the customer, at a point in time, when merchandise is shipped under 
FOB destination terms to the franchisee.  The Company has made a policy election to treat shipping and handling 
as costs to fulfill the contract, and as a result, any fees from customers are included in the transaction price 
allocated to the performance obligation of providing goods with a corresponding amount accrued within cost of 
sales for amounts paid to applicable carriers.  A provision for anticipated returns is recorded through a reduction 
of sales and cost of sales, for product that can be resold or returned to vendors, in the period that the related 
sales are recorded. 
 
Gross Profit Royalties – Franchise royalties are variable consideration based on a percentage of the franchisees’ 
gross profit, which are recognized in the period the franchisees’ underlying sales occur and are not included in the 
upfront transaction price for the overall performance obligation relating to providing access to the Company’s 
intellectual property.  The Company performs a calculation for purposes of determining a monthly royalty for each 
franchise store under the gross profit model.  The calculation is based on the individual sales activity of each 
franchise store, respectively, and ranges from 5% to 22% of franchise gross profit.  Certain incentives exist which 
reduce the royalty amount due to the Company.  The calculated Gross Profit Royalty, and the offsetting incentives 
are recorded on a net basis in wholesale sales revenue at a point in time when the related revenue from the 
franchisee is reported and the royalty can be reasonably estimated. 
 
Franchise Fees – The Company developed a system for the retail sale of wireless communication services and 
equipment.  The system includes inventory and merchandise layout, accounting and sales methods, workflow, 
service methods, advertising formats, promotion plans and other features including the trademark “Wireless 
Zone®.”  The Company has elected the practical expedient to recognize pre-opening services as a single 
obligation with the revenue related to those services recognized when required franchisor services have been 
completed.  Remaining franchise and license fees are deferred and recognized over the applicable franchise term 
as the Company satisfies the performance obligation of granting the customer access to the rights of the 
Company’s intellectual property.  An asset for incremental commission costs paid to internal sales personnel in 
conjunction with the initial sale of a franchise is recognized when it is determined that these costs are incremental 
and would not have been incurred absent the customer contract.  These costs are amortized ratably as 
commission expense over the franchise agreement period.  At December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, there were 
no material contract assets or liabilities related to franchise fees.  
 
Sales Tax collected from customers and remitted to government agencies is not included in revenue or costs and 
expenses. 
 
Advertising:  The Company receives market development funds and cooperative allowances from various 
vendors and the service provider.  These amounts are used for general advertising and promotional purposes that 
benefit the franchisees.  Such receipts received in advance are recorded in accrued advertising costs.  A 
specified percentage is withheld by the Company to fund its advertising production costs.  This is included as a 
reduction to selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of 
income.  The Company expenses the production costs of advertising as they are incurred. 
 
Income Taxes:  Wireless Zone®, LLC and its wholly-owned subsidiaries are single-member limited liability 
companies, which are disregarded entities for income tax purposes.  As limited liability companies, taxable 
income or loss is allocated to the member. 
 
In general, the Company’s member is no longer subject to federal and state income tax examinations by tax 
authorities for years prior to 2021. 
 
Subsequent Events:  The Company has evaluated the consolidated financial statements for subsequent events 
occurring through March 25, 2025, the date the consolidated financial statements were available to be issued. 
 
 
