FDD 2025 (October Amendment)
23 
our audited financial statements and our internal records with respect to the technology 
infrastructure and installation purchases.  We require franchisees to contribute to the Foundation, 
a non-stock charitable organization we established.  See Item 1.  In 2024, our franchisees made 
mandatory contributions of $646,625 to the Foundation.  This information was taken from our 
internal records.   
We did not have any affiliates who sold or leased required goods or services directly to our 
franchisees or who derived revenue from franchisee purchases or leases in 2024.   
If you purchase a franchise to operate a Store, we estimate that source-restricted purchases 
will equal approximately 70% - 90% of your total purchases disclosed in Item 7 in connection with 
the establishment of your Store and approximately 70%-85% of your total purchases in connection 
with the ongoing operation of your Store.   
We may receive other forms of compensation directly from our Provider and others.  This 
compensation may be either in lieu of or in addition to the Royalties you pay or which we attribute 
to you.  See Item 6.  Suppliers periodically offer program incentives relating to specific products 
and services.  Depending upon the program complexity, this incentive may range from 1-10% 
based upon various factors.  In 2024, this incentive was approximately 1%.  In addition, our 
Provider, suppliers, or other vendors may provide partial reimbursements for Store build out, 
displays, kiosks, and signage. Our Provider, suppliers or other vendors may also sponsor our 
annual franchisee convention and they may donate to charities we support. All incentives or 
compensation are paid at the discretion of our Provider, suppliers, or other vendors, and may be 
based upon performance criteria established by our Provider, suppliers, or other vendors.  We 
reserve the right to receive such compensation, rebates, incentives, and other payments from our 
Provider, suppliers, and vendors, either directly or arising out of our franchisees’ purchases, and 
to use those monies for our own purposes, and not share them with our franchisees.   
There are currently no purchasing or distribution cooperatives in which franchisees are 
required to participate.   
We do negotiate purchase arrangements with suppliers for your benefit.  There is no 
practice in effect by which we provide material benefits to you, such as a right of renewal or the 
granting of additional franchises, based upon your use of approved suppliers, although you are 
subject to termination if you do not use the Providers with whom we have exclusive contractual 
arrangements, or you use Providers not authorized by us. 
The requirements described in this Item (and in other Items) represent the Wireless Zone®
System at the present time.  However, we retain the right to change these requirements, including 
any single-source requirements, as the Wireless Zone® System evolves over time and the needs of 
the Wireless Zone® System change. 
