2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
26 
WZ LLC, in its sole discretion, may require You to enter into a separate POS software license agreement 
with WZ LLC or its vendors with respect to the license of any software included in the Point of Sale 
Environment.  WZ LLC may, from time-to-time, require You to upgrade or change the hardware, software 
or other items included in the Point of Sale Environment to ensure compliance with WZ LLC’s requirements 
for the System. You must, at Your cost, comply with any installation, licensing, use, training or support 
requirements related to the Point of Sale Environment, including any items included in it, whether imposed 
by WZ LLC or any vendor approved by WZ LLC.  
J. 
Records Access.  You acknowledge and agree that WZ LLC has the right, without notice 
to You, to independently access, review and download all sales and customer information and any other 
information, entered into or stored in the POS software or any other accounting or financial systems or 
otherwise maintained, recorded or stored by You in any form or format, whether physical, electronic or 
digital.  You shall grant WZ LLC immediate access to the POS software and any other accounting or 
financial systems, and any and all information or data generated in any such systems or otherwise.   
K. 
Security Breach. If You become aware of any actual or suspected unauthorized processing, 
loss, use, disclosure, alteration, destruction or other compromise or acquisition of or access to any 
information (i) that can be used to identify, locate or contact an individual (collectively, “Personal 
Information”); (ii) that is subject to any of the Privacy Laws and/or PCI DSS (as defined in Section 10.08 
and Section 11.05(E)) (iii) that might reasonably expose WZ LLC to any harm or prejudice of any type or 
actual or suspected intrusion by an unauthorized third party into WZ LLC’s computers, networks, servers 
or IT resources (a “Security Breach”), You will immediately notify WZ LLC’s centralized Store Support 
Contact Center via telephone of such matter and will thereafter cooperate with WZ LLC to investigate and 
remedy the Security Breach.  Except to the extent required by applicable law, no public disclosure of any 
instance of such unauthorized access or breach will be made by You unless WZ LLC has authorized the 
provision of notice and the form of such notice in writing. You will reimburse WZ LLC for all reasonable 
Notification Related Costs (hereinafter defined) incurred by WZ LLC arising out of or in connection with 
any Security Breach that is directly or indirectly caused by You or Your personnel.  “Notification Related 
Costs” include WZ LLC’s internal and external costs associated with addressing and responding to the 
Security Breach, including but not limited to: (aa) preparation and mailing or other transmission of legally 
required notifications; (bb) preparation and mailing or other transmission of such other communications to 
customers, agents or others as WZ LLC deems reasonably appropriate; (cc) establishment of a call center 
or other communications procedures in response to the Security Breach (e.g., customer service FAQs, 
talking points and training); (dd) public relations and other similar crisis management services; (ee) legal 
and accounting fees and expenses associated with WZ LLC’s investigation of and response to such event; 
and (ff) costs for commercially reasonable credit reporting services that are associated with legally required 
notifications. Failure to comply with this Section 11.05(K) of the Agreement will be deemed to be a breach 
of the Agreement and subject to the terms of Section 14.02 of the Agreement.
11.06. Electronic Funds Transfer.  You must participate in WZ LLC’s electronic funds transfer 
program, which authorizes WZ LLC to utilize a pre-authorized bank draft system.  You must sign and 
deliver to WZ LLC an unconditional, irrevocable authorization to enable WZ LLC’s financial institution 
to: (a) debit accounts at Your bank in order to pay WZ LLC all amounts which You may owe WZ LLC 
under this Agreement or any other agreement between You and WZ LLC; and (b) credit accounts at Your 
bank for Commissions and other payments due You from WZ LLC, net of any deductions by WZ LLC.  
All amounts due to WZ LLC must be received by WZ LLC or be credited to WZ LLC’s account by pre-
authorized bank debit before 2:00 p.m. on the day each payment is due.  You will bear any costs associated 
with the account and method of payment.  WZ LLC may charge You fees to cover amounts WZ LLC is 
charged and WZ LLC’s administration costs if the electronic funds transfer or other payment attempt is 
unsuccessful.  WZ LLC will provide You with a written confirmation of electronic funds transfers, which 
may be made monthly or other period permitted by law.  If WZ LLC permits You to make certain payments 
