2025 FDD (October Amendment) 
Exhibit I State Addenda and Agreement Riders - Minnesota 
AMENDMENT TO WIRELESS ZONE LLC 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF MINNESOTA 
In recognition of the requirements of Minnesota law, including the Minnesota Franchises Act, Minnesota 
Statutes 1996, Chapter 80C, Sections 80C.01 through 80C.22, the parties to the attached Wireless Zone 
LLC Franchise Agreement (the “Agreement”) agree as follows:
1. 
The Agreement is supplemented by adding the following as a new Section at the end: 
20. 
MINNESOTA AMENDMENT. 
A. 
Minnesota Restrictions.   
1. 
WZ LLC will comply with Minn. Stat. Section 80C.14, Subds. 3, 4 and 5 which 
require, except in certain specified cases, that a franchisee be given 90 days' notice of termination (with 60 
days to cure) and 180 days' notice of nonrenewal of this Agreement and that consent to transfer of the 
franchise not be unreasonably withheld. 
2. 
To the extent required by the Minnesota Franchises Act, WZ LLC will protect your 
right to use the trademarks, service marks, trade names, logotypes or other commercial symbols, or will 
indemnify you from any loss, costs or expenses arising out of any claim, suit or demand regarding the use 
of the marks, provided you are using the names and marks in accordance with the Franchise Agreement.  
3. 
Pursuant to Minn. Stat. Section 80C.21, this Agreement will not in any way 
abrogate or reduce any of your rights as provided by Minnesota Statutes Sections 80C.01 to 80C.22, 
including but not limited to the right to submit matters to the jurisdiction of the courts of Minnesota. 
4. 
Minn. Stat. Section 80C.21 and Minn. Rule 2860.4400J prohibit WZ LLC from 
requiring litigation to be conducted outside Minnesota, requiring waiver of a jury trial, or requiring you to 
consent to liquidated damages, termination penalties or judgment notes.  In addition, nothing in the 
Disclosure Document or Agreement can abrogate or reduce any of your rights as provided for in Minnesota 
Statutes, Chapter 80C, or your rights to any procedure, forum or remedies provided for by the laws of the 
jurisdiction. 
5. 
WZ LLC is prohibited from requiring you to assent to a release, assignment, 
novation or waiver that would relieve any person from liability imposed by Minnesota Statutes Sections 
80C.01 to 80C.22, providing that this prohibition will not bar the voluntary settlement of disputes. 
6. 
We will comply with Minnesota Statute Section 80C.17 Subd. 5 with respect to 
limitation of claims. 
B. 
Validity of Agreement Provisions.  WZ LLC does not waive WZ LLC’s right to challenge 
the enforceability of any state law that declares void or unenforceable any provision contained in this 
Agreement.  WZ LLC and you will enforce the provisions of this Agreement to the full extent permitted by 
law. 
2. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under 
any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by a franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This 
