2025 FDD (October Amendment) 
Exhibit I State Addenda and Agreement Riders - Indiana 
WIRELESS ZONE LLC 
INDIANA ADDENDUM 
In recognition of the Indiana Franchise Law, Title 23, Article 2, Chapter 2.5 Sections 1 through 51, 
the Franchise Disclosure Document for Wireless Zone LLC for use in the State of Indiana is amended as 
follows: 
1. 
Item 17 is supplemented by adding the following language to the end of the “Summary” section of 
Item 17(c), entitled Requirements for franchisee to renew or extend: 
Indiana State Code 23-2-2.7-1(5) deems it unlawful for you to prospectively assent to a release, assignment, 
novation, waiver or estoppel which purports to relieve Wireless Zone LLC from liability imposed by 
Indiana State Code 23-2-2.7. 
2. 
Item 17 is supplemented by adding the following language to the end of the “Summary” section of 
Item 17(m), entitled Conditions for franchisor approval of transfer: 
Indiana State Code 23-2-2.7-1(5) deems it unlawful for you to prospectively assent to a release, assignment, 
novation, waiver or estoppel which purports to relieve Wireless Zone LLC from liability imposed by 
Indiana State Code 23-2-2.7. 
3. 
Item 17 is supplemented by adding the following language to the end of the “Summary” section of 
Item 17(r), entitled Non-Competition covenants after the franchise is terminated or expires: 
The post-termination covenant not to compete complies with Indiana State Code 23-2-2.7-1(9) which 
prohibits Wireless Zone LLC from prohibiting you from competing for a period longer than 3 years or in 
an area greater than the exclusive area contained in your agreement. 
4. 
Item 17 is supplemented by adding the following language to the end of the “Summary” section of 
Item 17(v), entitled Choice of forum: 
Choice of forum in any jurisdiction other than Indiana is prohibited under IC 23-2-2.7-1(10). Wireless Zone 
LLC may not require that you agree to participate in any form of alternative dispute resolution other than 
arbitration before an independent arbitrator. 
5. 
Item 17 is supplemented by adding the following language to the end of the “Summary” section of 
Item 17(w), entitled Choice of law: 
The choice of Indiana law shall be subject to the superseding provisions in Indiana's Franchise Acts, IC 23-
2-2.5 and 2.7. 
6. 
Each provision of this Indiana Addendum to the Disclosure Document will be effective only to the 
extent that, with respect to the provision, the jurisdictional requirement of the Indiana Franchise Law is met 
independently without reference to this Indiana Addendum.   
The following is an amendment to the Wireless Zone LLC Franchise Agreement required by the State of 
Indiana.  
