2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
10 
B. 
Residuals.  WZ LLC may receive Residuals from its Provider.  You acknowledge that 
payment of Residuals, including the continuation, timing and amount of such payment, is at the sole 
discretion of the Provider. WZ LLC will pay to You the amount of Residuals received from the Provider 
attributable to the Store, less any applicable deductions such as the WZ LLC Royalty, inventory payments 
and other fees and charges due from the Franchisee to WZ LLC.  WZ LLC will provide You a statement of 
the amount of Residuals payable after applicable deductions on or before the fifth (5th) day of the Payment 
Month.  Payment of these Residuals, less any amounts You may owe to WZ LLC, will be made to You by 
the tenth (10th) day of the Payment Month.   
C. 
Chargebacks. The Provider may assess against WZ LLC Chargebacks or otherwise recover 
Commissions and Residuals already paid to WZ LLC if the customer does not maintain the use or activation 
of either the Provider’s devices or services for a sufficient period of time or according to certain rules of 
use, as prescribed from time-to-time by the Provider.  WZ LLC will publish the standards for the assessment 
of Chargebacks in the Operations Manual, which may be amended from time-to-time to reflect the then-
current policies of the Provider. 
6.03. 
Definitions. 
A. 
“Allowable Cost” means (i) cost attributable to Wireless Zone® approved devices, 
products, accessories, goods and services sold at the Store, as set forth in the WZ LLC Price Sheet; (ii) 
Fees; and (iii) Chargebacks, as each term is defined below.  The cost attributable to any device, product, 
accessory, good or service will be determined based on the WZ LLC Price Sheet in effect at the time of 
sale.  Allowable Costs will not include any of Your administrative costs, sales costs, overhead, business 
costs, corporate costs, labor, depreciation, inventory, rent, taxes, or any other kind of operational, business, 
administrative or regulatory cost or expense. 
B. 
“WZ LLC Price Sheet” means the WZ LLC-published price schedule for all WZ LLC-
approved devices, products, accessories, goods, and services, as updated from time-to-time by WZ LLC in 
its sole discretion.   
C. 
“Chargebacks” means all costs and any other amounts charged back to WZ LLC by 
Provider, suppliers or vendors for devices, products, accessories, goods or services sold from or in 
connection with the Store, and all other reversals by WZ LLC, the Provider, suppliers or vendors of 
Commissions, Residuals or other sales revenue including but not limited to: (i) deactivation chargebacks 
for devices returned; (ii) fraudulent transaction chargebacks and costs; and (iii) agent funded rebates. 
D. 
“Commission” means the items listed on the WZ LLC published Commission Schedule for 
the per-sale device and activation compensation paid to WZ LLC by the Provider arising out of Your sale 
and activation of Provider’s approved devices, products, accessories, goods or services at the Store. The 
Commission Schedule may change from time-to-time. 
E. 
“Fees” means any fees charged to You against the sale of devices, products, goods and 
services by WZ LLC, by the Provider, or by suppliers or vendors, including but not limited to device 
payment service fees and previously activated device fees and charges.   
F. 
“Gross Profit” means, for any calendar month, the Gross Revenue of the Store less Your 
Allowable Cost.   
G. 
“Gross Revenue” means all revenue You receive from or in connection with the Store, 
including but not limited to the following: (a) sale of devices, products, accessories, goods and services; (b) 
Commissions; (c) Residuals; (d) device trade-ins; (e) customer fees; and (f) other payments from the 
