2025 Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
Exhibit 3 Security Agreement  
2
a. 
All of the rights and remedies of a secured party under the UCC of the state in which the 
Premises or the Franchisee is located or organized, as applicable, or any other applicable law, all of which 
rights and remedies will be cumulative and non-exclusive; 
b. 
Any other rights and remedies contained in this Security Agreement, the Franchise Agreement 
and other related agreement and document relating to the Franchise or Franchisee’s Obligations;  
c. 
To require Franchisee to make available to Franchisor, without any obligation on the part of 
Franchisor to pay rent to any party, the Premises or any other place or places where the Collateral is located; 
d. 
To enter (and remain) upon the Premises or any other place or places where the Collateral is 
located, through self-help and without need for judicial process, without first obtaining any judgment, or 
giving Franchisee any notice or opportunity for a hearing, and without any obligation on the part of 
Franchisor to pay rent to any party so that Franchisor may continue the operations of the Franchise, and/or 
remove the Collateral to any premises of Franchisor or its agent.  
e. 
To require Franchisee to assemble the Collateral and make it available to Franchisor at a time 
and place selected by Franchisor; 
f. 
To require Franchisee to make available to Franchisor the Premises and all other premises and 
facilities of Franchisee for the purpose of Franchisor’s taking possession of the Collateral or for removing 
or putting the Collateral in saleable form. 
g. 
To sell, assign, lease or otherwise dispose of the Collateral or any part thereof, either at public 
or private sale, for cash, on credit or otherwise, with or without representations or warranties, at such price 
and upon such terms acceptable to Franchisor, all at Franchisor’s sole discretion.  Franchisor may bid or 
become the purchaser at any such sale if public, free from any right of redemption which is hereby expressly 
waived by Franchisee, and Franchisor will have the right at its option to apply or be credited with the 
amount of all or any part of the Obligations against the purchase price bid by Franchisor at any such sale. 
The net cash proceeds resulting from the collection, liquidation, sale, lease or other disposition of the 
Collateral will be applied first to the expenses of retaking, holding, storing, processing and preparing for 
sale, selling, collecting, liquidating and the like and reasonable attorneys' fees and other expenses incurred 
by Franchisor, and then to the satisfaction of all Obligations, the application as to particular Obligations or 
against principal or interest to be in Franchisor's discretion.  Franchisee will be liable to Franchisor and will 
pay to Franchisor on demand any deficiency that may remain after such sale, disposition, collection or 
liquidation of the Collateral, and Franchisor in turn agrees to remit to Franchisee any surplus remaining 
after all Obligations have been paid in full.  If the Collateral requires repairing, maintenance, preparation, 
or the like, the Franchisor will have the right, but not the obligation, to repair, maintain or prepare the 
Collateral for the purpose of putting the Collateral in saleable condition.   Franchisor will give Franchisee 
ten (10) days prior written notice of the time and place of any sale or other intended disposition of any of 
the Collateral, except for Collateral that is perishable or threatens to decline speedily in value or is of a type 
customarily sold on a recognized market.  Franchisee acknowledges that such notice is adequate and 
“reasonable notice”. 
h. 
Franchisee hereby appoints Franchisor (or any person whom Franchisor may from time to time 
designate), effective upon an Event of Default and continuing thereafter, as its attorney and agent in fact 
with power to endorse in its name any checks, notes, acceptances, money orders, drafts or other forms of 
payment or security that may come into Franchisor’s possession, sign its name on notices of assignment, 
financing statements, and other public records, or on verifications of account and on notices to customers, 
to notify the post office authorities to change the address for delivery of their mail to an address designated 
by Franchisor, and to do all things necessary to carry out the terms of this Security Agreement or any related 
documents.  Neither Franchisor nor the attorney, if different from Franchisor, will be liable for any acts or 
failure to act, or for any error or judgment or mistake of fact or law.  This power, being coupled with an 
interest, is irrevocable following an Event of Default until all Obligations have been fully paid. 
i. 
The exercise of the foregoing remedies by Franchisor shall not relieve or discharge Franchisee 
from any deficiency owed to Franchisor. 
