2025 Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
Exhibit 6 (Renewals Only) Expiration of Franchise Agreement 
2 
Agreement shall thereafter be null, void and of no further force and effect, from, as and after the Expiration Date, 
except as set forth herein. 
5. 
Release by Franchisee.  Save and except for the Continuing Obligations, Franchisee, for good and 
valuable consideration received by it to its full satisfaction and as an inducement to WZ LLC to enter into this 
Expiration Agreement and the New Franchise Agreement, does hereby Release WZ LLC and its officers, 
employees, agents and affiliates from Claims arising under the Franchise Agreement, and, if the location of the 
Franchised Business is in Maryland, excepting claims under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure 
Law.  The foregoing Release will be effective as of the Expiration Date. 
6. 
Dispute Resolution.  The provisions of Sections 18.07, 18.08, 18.09, 18.10, 18.11, 18.12, 18.13, 
18.14, 18.15, 18.16 and 18.17 of the New Franchise Agreement are hereby incorporated herein by reference and 
shall be a part of this Expiration Agreement and shall govern this Expiration Agreement to the same extent as if 
restated herein in their entirety. 
7.
Certain Definitions.  When used herein, the following words and phrases will have the following 
meanings, when designated by initial capital letters. 
a.  “Release,” when used as a verb, shall mean to release, acquit, exonerate, exculpate, relinquish, 
resign, and surrender any and all Claims.  When used as a noun, shall refer to the process, event and/or effect of 
release, acquittal, exoneration, exculpation, relinquishment, resignation and surrender of any and all Claims.  
b.  “Claims” means any and all claims, actions, causes, causes of action, suits, charges, debts, dues, 
sums of money, accounts, reckonings, bonds, bills, specialties, covenants, contracts, appraisal rights, torts, 
controversies, agreements, promises, variances, trespasses, damages, judgments, executions, claims and demands 
whatsoever, whether asserted or unasserted, contingent or remote, known or unknown and whether arising in law, 
admiralty or equity that the Releasor at any time in the past had, has now, or at any time hereafter may have against 
Releasees (as the context shall require), arising out of or on account of any facts, circumstances, events, acts or 
omissions of whatever nature or description occurring at any time prior to and including Expiration Date. 
c.  “Releasee” is the party being released hereby.  Any Release of any Releasee pursuant to Sections 
4 and 5, above, shall include a Release of that party’s officers, directors, members, managers, employees, 
shareholders, attorneys, agents, successors, assigns, subsidiaries, parent entities and affiliates. 
d.  “Releasor” is the party giving the Release pursuant hereto. 
8.
Miscellaneous.  If any provision of this Expiration Agreement shall be declared illegal or 
unenforceable, in whole or in part, for any reason whatsoever, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be 
deemed valid and binding.  The waiver by any party of any breach or violation of any provision of this Expiration 
Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other or subsequent breach or violation hereof.  This 
Expiration Agreement will be binding upon the parties, and their respective heirs, executors, successors and assigns. 
This Expiration Agreement sets forth the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, 
and may be amended only by a writing signed by all parties hereto. This Expiration Agreement may be executed in 
one or more counterparts, including by electronic signature, transmission, process or confirmation, each of which 
individually shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one instrument. Any 
reference to the masculine gender shall be deemed to include the feminine and neuter genders and vice versa and 
any reference to the singular shall include the plural and vice versa, unless the context otherwise requires. The 
relationship between the parties including all disputes and claims, whether arising in contract, tort, under statue, at 
law or in equity, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Indiana without 
giving any effect to its conflicts of law provisions.  Each of the parties hereto irrevocably consents to the exclusive 
personal jurisdiction of the state courts of the State of Indiana, County of Marion, for any matter arising out of or 
relating to this Agreement, except that in any action seeking to enforce any order or judgment of such courts such 
personal jurisdiction shall be non-exclusive.   
