FDD 2025 (October Amendment)
21 
Operations Manual) to you “in writing” we may or may not provide you with a paper (“hard copy”) 
form of the information.  We may choose to provide the communication or notice only through 
electronic communication or posting to our website(s). 
We will choose one or more qualified wireless and wireline communications, 
entertainment, and security products and services Providers.  We will enter into a contract with 
each Provider (the “Provider Contract”) authorizing us to market the Provider’s services, with the 
right to engage you as a sub-agent.  You will enter into a compliance agreement with us as a 
condition to your acting as sub-agent for our Provider.  The current form of Provider Compliance 
Agreement is attached as Exhibit 5 to the Franchise Agreement, but we may occasionally change 
or update this form.  We and our Provider are the only approved suppliers for wireless and wireline 
communications, entertainment, and security products and services. We will select our Provider 
by exercising our sole business judgment, considering various factors, including what we feel is 
in the best interests of all franchisees.  The Provider we choose will be the exclusive Provider for 
all franchisees.  You will not offer or sell services from any Provider we have not authorized.  Our 
Provider may mandate the use of specific equipment in conjunction with their services, such as 
authenticable, GPS (E911) capable software, content transfer equipment, frequency specific, or 
mode specific equipment.  You must comply with these requirements, as well as any requirements 
for equipment configuration or installation and any other Provider-imposed requirements, which 
may require you to sign agreements with the Provider or us.   
We may license or re-license software to you or require you to license software from a 
third-party vendor. The software supplier may require that you sign a license agreement, which 
may include a license agreement with us, if we re-license the software to you.  We may change 
software suppliers, and each supplier will have its own form of license agreement you must sign.  
We are an approved supplier, but not the only approved supplier, for certain computer hardware 
and displays, fixtures, and signs for the buildout of your Store.  We are the only approved supplier 
for those products, services or other items making up your Point of Sale Environment, and the 
installation, set-up and maintenance of your Point of Sale Environment and all technology, 
equipment and other items included in it, such as workstation and mobile point of sale hardware 
and software.  We are also the sole supplier of your digital signage and monitor equipment, and 
Providers’ wireless and wireline communications services. We require that you use our approved 
credit card processor. You must use a licensed contractor satisfactory to us to perform construction 
work at your Store.  We must approve in writing all changes to your Store plans before 
construction.  We may require that you install additional lighting, wiring for broadband access and 
digital signs and interactivity between displays or other wiring at your Store. 
We have selected specific brands and models for each of the items of equipment that we 
require you to offer from your Store.  We are currently an approved supplier, but not the only 
approved supplier, for equipment inventory.  You have an option of purchasing the equipment 
from us or purchasing equipment of equal or better quality from a supplier of your own choosing.  
You may purchase these items of inventory and supplies directly from certain manufacturers under 
terms we negotiate for our franchisees.  We offer franchisees the option to participate in an 
exclusive accessory purchasing program for the purchase of accessories.  Franchisees who elect to 
participate in this accessory purchasing program may receive favorable pricing and delivery terms 
negotiated by us and our distributor.  In consideration, participating franchisees must agree to 
purchase all accessories and related products exclusively through the accessory purchasing 
program.  We may receive rebates or other incentives based on your participation in the accessory 
purchasing program.  As of December 31, 2024, we received $88,192.72 in rebates from suppliers 
arising out of the accessory purchasing program. 
