2025 FDD (October Amendment) 
Exhibit I State Addenda and Agreement Riders – North Dakota 
WIRELESS ZONE LLC 
NORTH DAKOTA ADDENDUM 
In recognition of the requirements of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, the Franchise Disclosure 
Document for Wireless Zone LLC for use in the State of North Dakota is amended as follows: 
1.
Item 17 is supplemented by adding the following language to the end of the “Summary” section of 
Item 17(c) entitled Requirements for franchisee to renew or extend and Item 17(m) entitled Conditions 
for franchisor approval of transfer: 
Any release required as a condition of entering into a subsequent agreement and/or assignment/transfer will 
not apply to any liability we may have under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law.  
2.
Item 17 is supplemented by adding the following language to the end of the “Summary” section of 
Item 17(r) entitled Non-Competition covenants after the franchise is terminated or expires:
Covenants not to compete are subject to Section 9-08-06 of the North Dakota Century Code. 
3. 
Item 17 is supplemented by adding the following language to the end of the “Summary” section of 
Item 17(w) entitled Choice of law: 
, except that you may bring suit in North Dakota for any claims arising under the North Dakota Franchise 
Investment Law unless otherwise governed by the arbitration provisions of the Franchise Agreement. 
4. 
Item 10 is supplemented by adding the following language: 
We will not require you to waive your right to a jury trial or collateral estoppel.   
5. 
The North Dakota Insurance Commissioner has determined that it is unfair and unequitable under 
the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law for the franchisor to require the franchisee to consent to the 
jurisdiction of courts located outside of North Dakota.  Therefore, any references in the Franchise 
Disclosure Document to any requirement that the franchisee consents to the jurisdiction of courts located 
outside of North Dakota are deleted. 
6. 
Any reference in the Franchise Disclosure Document requiring franchisee to consent to termination 
penalties or liquidated damages is deleted.   
7. 
Any claims arising under the North Dakota franchise law will be governed by the laws of the State 
of North Dakota.   
8. 
Any reference in the Franchise Disclosure Document to any requirement to consent to a waiver of 
exemplary and punitive damages is deleted. 
10 
Any reference in the Franchise Disclosure Document requiring the franchisee to consent to a 
limitation of claims is deleted. The statute of limitations under North Dakota law applies. 
11. 
The prevailing party in any enforcement action is entitled to recover all costs and expenses, 
including attorneys’ fees.   
12. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
