FDD 2025 (October Amendment)
45 
devices, accessories and other items sold at a Store, including fees charged to a Store for such 
items, Non-Return Chargebacks and Chargebacks.  We refer to this as our “Former Calculation” 
On November 1, 2024 we changed the way we determine gross revenue and gross profit. 
These changes included the following:  (i) Non-Return Chargebacks are no longer included in 
Allowable Costs; (ii) Gross Revenue now applies to certain incentives and/or other short-term 
sales program compensation that we may distribute to you, and includes all Residuals (as opposed 
to 50%); (iii) Commissions are based on the Commission Schedule we provide from time-to-time; 
(iv) the definition of “One-Time Residuals” applies only to eligible new devices; and (v) the 
definition of Chargebacks was expanded to include all costs and other amounts charged back by 
the Provider.  We refer to this as our “Current Calculation”.  The Current Calculation is reflected 
in our current Franchise Agreement attached to this Disclosure Document.   
Section A below provides information for the 12-month period ended December 31, 2024.  
Section B provides this same information for each calendar quarter in 2024.  Gross Revenue and 
Gross Profit were calculated in each of these sections using the Former Calculation for the period 
between January 1, 2024 and October 31, 20024 and the Current Calculation for the period from 
November 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024.  Section C provides information for the two month 
period ended December 31, 2024 based solely on the Current Calculation. 
For each of Sections A-C below, we have provided Average Gross Revenue, Average 
Gross Profit, Weighted Average Gross Margin Percentage, and Average Net Activations and 
Upgrades, in addition to other information.  These items have been determined as follows:   

“Average Gross Revenue” was determined for each quintile by summing the Gross 
Revenue of all the Stores in the quintile for the time period covered, and dividing the total 
by the total number of stores in that quintile.  

“Average Gross Profit” was determined for each quintile by summing the Gross Profit of 
all the Stores in the quintile for the time period covered, and dividing the total by the 
number of Stores in the quintile.   

“Weighted Average Gross Margin Percentage” was determined for each quintile by 
calculating the gross margin for each Store in the quintile for the time period covered and 
dividing by the sum of the Gross Revenue of all Stores in the quintile. 

“Average Net Activations and Upgrades” was determined for each quintile by 
determining the total Activations and Upgrades during the covered time period for the 
group of Stores in the quintile, less any terminations of a subscriber contract following the 
Activation or Upgrade for this group of Stores, and dividing the resulting net amount by 
the total number of Stores in the quintile.  
Activation and Upgrade information as well as related termination information is provided 
to us by our Provider and we have used that information in calculating Average Net 
Activations and Upgrades.  For purposes of this calculation, we considered an “Activation” 
to have occurred when a subscriber activates a new device on a new line of service, whether 
it is an existing device, trade-in or otherwise.  We considered an “Upgrade” to have 
