2025 Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
Exhibit 3 Security Agreement  
1
EXHIBIT 3 
SECURITY AGREEMENT 
THIS SECURITY AGREEMENT (the “Security Agreement”) is by and between Wireless Zone LLC 
(“Franchisor”) and [ENTITY NAME] (“Franchisee”), dated as of ___________________________ (the 
“Effective Date”). 
Franchisor, in connection with each and every Wireless Zone® franchise agreement entered into now 
or in the future between the parties (whether one or more, hereinafter referred to collectively, along with 
all applicable amendments, addenda, and assignments, as the “Franchise Agreement”), may, from time to 
time, extend credit and/or advance monies, goods and services, or provide other benefits to Franchisee.  In 
consideration of the benefits arising under the Franchise Agreement and any extension of credit or loan of 
monies, goods and services, Franchisee agrees to enter into this Security Agreement to secure the prompt 
and full repayment of all of Franchisee’s obligations to Franchisor whenever and however arising 
(collectively, “Obligations”). The parties agree as follows: 
1. 
Grant of Security Interest.  In consideration of the mutual benefits arising under the Franchise 
Agreement and in addition to any statutory lien available to Franchisor, Franchisor (the secured party for 
purposes hereof) shall have and Franchisee (the debtor for purposes hereof) hereby grants to Franchisor an 
express contract lien and a continuing security interest to secure any and all payments owed under (i) the 
Franchise Agreement or (ii) the amounts owed under an extension of credit, monies, goods and services for 
the benefit of Franchisee upon: 
All of Franchisee’s assets, wherever located, whether presently owned or hereafter 
acquired or arising, and all Proceeds therefrom, including, without limiting the generality 
of the foregoing, all present and after acquired Goods, including Wares, Inventory and 
Equipment, Accounts, Contract Rights, Chattel Paper, Instruments, General Intangibles, 
Investment Property and Documents (as those terms are defined in the Uniform 
Commercial Code in effect from time to time in the state where the Premises (as hereinafter 
defined) are located (the “UCC”)) also including without limitation all accessions to, 
substitutions for and all replacements, products and proceeds and payments on account of 
insurance policies by reason of damage to or destruction of any such property insuring any 
of the foregoing,  and including all monies or property of any kind now, or at any time 
hereafter, in the possession or under the control of Franchisee and any transferees or other 
successors to the Franchise Agreement, or any bailee of Franchisee, and including any 
books and records of Franchisee pertaining to any of the foregoing (collectively referred to 
herein as the “Collateral”). 
a. 
Except upon expiration of the Franchise Agreement where no default exists in any 
of Franchisee’s Obligations to Franchisor and except for reasonable replacements from 
time to time, Franchisee shall not remove any of Franchisee’s property from the premises 
of the Wireless Zone® retail store or stores operated pursuant to the Franchise Agreement 
(the “Premises”), other than pursuant to the sale thereof in the regular course of business. 
b. 
Franchisee warrants and represents that the Collateral subject to the security 
interest granted herein is not purchased or used by Franchisee for personal, family or 
household purposes. 
c. 
Franchisee further warrants and represents to Franchisor that the lien granted 
herein constitutes a first priority and superior lien and that Franchisee will not allow the 
placing of any other lien upon any of the Collateral without the prior written consent of 
Franchisor.  
2. 
Events of Default. The failure of Franchisee to pay any monies when due to Franchisor (as 
specified in the Franchise Agreement or any note, loan agreement, or other document or agreement between 
Franchisee and Franchisor, including but not limited to this Security Agreement) will constitute an “Event 
of Default” hereunder. Immediately upon and following an Event of Default, Franchisor will have the 
following non-exclusive rights and remedies: 
