2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
19 
intellectual property rights.  If WZ LLC gives You notice of any deficiency detected during an inspection, 
You will diligently correct the deficiency as soon as possible.
10.07. Accounting System.  You will prepare and maintain Your bookkeeping and accounting 
records as directed by WZ LLC in the Operations Manual, including the use of any specified accounting 
software and/or chart of accounts.  You will also submit all required reports and make Your records 
available for inspection by WZ LLC during normal business hours; provided, however, that such records 
will not include employment records from Your store.  WZ LLC may also access Your records and retrieve 
information electronically, through Your point-of-sale system or computer system without notice or further 
consent.  WZ LLC may use Your financial information for any purpose WZ LLC deems advisable.  
10.08. Compliance With Law; Sales Tax; Privacy Laws.  You will operate the Business in strict 
compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations of all governmental authorities.  You will be 
responsible for knowledge of, and compliance with, all applicable laws, rules, and regulations of the federal, 
state, or local governments, including those governing access to Your Store and accommodating employee 
physical limitations (e.g., the ADA), minimum wage, hours, overtime, safety, and other working conditions 
(e.g., the Fair Labor Standards Act and Occupational Safety and Health Administration regulations), health, 
sanitation, smoking, fire codes, zoning, building codes, discrimination, employment, sexual harassment, 
consumer and employee data privacy and protection, taxes, environmental laws, citizenship and 
immigration status, registration and compliance requirements required with respect to the sales of any 
specific products or services offered or sold to You, including without limitation limited lines insurance 
products, and other laws, rules, and regulations.  You will prepare and file all appropriate tax returns when 
due and pay promptly all taxes imposed on You and upon Your Business.  You will be responsible for any 
sales tax, gross receipts tax, excise tax or other similar tax (collectively “Sales Tax”), imposed by law on 
all payments You make to WZ LLC or its affiliates under this Agreement or otherwise, in connection with 
the Business, whether assessed on You or on WZ LLC or its affiliate.  WZ LLC and its affiliates may collect 
Sales Tax from You for transmittal to the taxing authority.  You will reimburse WZ LLC and its affiliates 
for any Sales Tax WZ LLC or its affiliate must pay directly to any taxing authority.  You will furnish WZ 
LLC with copies of Your business federal, state, and sales tax returns at the same time as You submit them.  
This includes all routine sales tax returns and all annual state and federal tax returns.  You will be 
responsible for all applicable federal, state, and local laws, rules, and regulations, as the same may be 
amended or supplemented from time-to-time, pertaining in any way to the privacy, confidentiality, security, 
management, disclosure, reporting, and any other obligations related to the possession or use of personal 
information that is or has been collected, processed, or stored by You (“Personal Data“), including without 
limitation, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (“GLBA”), 15 U.S.C. § § 6801-6827, and all regulations 
implementing GLBA; the Fair Credit Reporting Act (“FCRA”), 15 U.S.C. § 1681 et seq., as amended by 
the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act (“FACTA”), and all regulations implementing the FCRA 
and FACTA; the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act (“CAN-
SPAM”); Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 and its implementing regulations at 
45 C.F.R. Parts 160, 162, and 164, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and 
Clinical Health (“HITECH”) Act of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (collectively, 
“HIPAA”) security breach notification laws (such as Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.29, 1798.82 – 1798.84); New 
York Department of Financial Services Cyber Security Regulation  (23 NYCRR 500);  laws imposing 
minimum security requirements (such as 201 Mass. Code Reg. 17.00); laws requiring the secure disposal 
of records containing certain personal data (such as N.Y. Gen. Bus. Law § 399-H) (collectively “Privacy 
Laws”).
10.09. Suggested Retail Prices.  WZ LLC’s Provider determines the prices at which WZ LLC 
and You must offer certain products and services for which WZ LLC and You serve as agent and sub-agent.  
Although WZ LLC may provide You with suggested retail prices for certain other products and services, 
You acknowledge and agree that any list or schedule of prices for such other products and services which 
