2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
35 
14.02. Termination After Failure to Cure.  Other than for defaults identified in Section 14.01, 
if You breach this Agreement such breach shall constitute a default and WZ LLC will provide You notice 
and an opportunity to cure.  The time to cure any default will begin upon WZ LLC’s issue of written notice 
to You that a breach has occurred.  If a default under this Section 14.02 would also constitute grounds for 
immediate termination under Section 14.01 then WZ LLC has the right and option to immediately 
terminate, notwithstanding any cure period specified below.   
A. 
If You fail either to provide WZ LLC correct identifying information or promptly update 
WZ LLC with: (i) Your bank account information as required by Section 11.01, or (ii) Your legal name as 
required by Section 12.03, the time to cure in either case will be ten (10) calendar days. 
B.
If Your legal existence ceases during the Term the cure period will be ten (10) calendar 
days. 
C.
If You fail to comply with the Operations Manual or to operate the Franchise in accordance 
with the requirements of the System or with such other policies and programs as WZ LLC may promulgate, 
the time to cure will be thirty (30) calendar days.   
D. 
If You fail to achieve WZ LLC’s minimum monthly sales and performance standards under 
Section 10.02.B and the Operations Manual, the time to cure will be two (2) consecutive months of 
operation.    
E. 
If You fail to pay to WZ LLC any sums due and owing under this Agreement or any other 
agreement with WZ LLC or its affiliates, the time to cure will be ten (10) calendar days.   
F.
If You default under the terms of any agreement with a third-party lender referred to You 
by WZ LLC, including but not limited to payment defaults, the time to cure will be ten (10) calendar days.     
14.03. Cause.  You agree that all defaults described in Section 14.01, and all defaults that remain 
uncured after expiration of the applicable time period in Section 14.02 or any other provision of this 
Agreement, are material breaches of this Agreement and constitute “good cause” for WZ LLC to exercise 
its right to terminate this Agreement. 
14.04. Anti-Terrorism Laws.  You and the Owners of You, will comply, and assist WZ LLC, to 
the fullest extent possible, in WZ LLC’s efforts to comply with Anti-Terrorism Laws (as defined below).  
You and the Owners of You certify, represent, and warrant that none of Your or their property or interests 
is subject to being blocked under, and that You and they otherwise are not in violation of, any of the Anti-
Terrorism Laws of the United States.  “Anti-Terrorism Laws” means Executive Order 13224, issued by the 
President of the United States, the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools 
Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act (USA PATRIOT Act) of 2001 (Public Law 107 56), and 
all other present and future federal, state, and local laws, ordinances, regulations, policies, lists, and other 
requirements of any governmental authority, addressing or in any way relating to terrorist acts and acts of 
war.  You and the Owners of You: (i) have not been designated as a “Specially Designated National and 
Blocked Person” or other banned or blocked person, entity, nation, or transaction under the Executive 
Order, the USA PATRIOT Act or any other law, order, rule, or regulation, (ii) are currently in compliance 
with and will at all times during the Term (including any extension thereof) remain in compliance with 
Executive Order 13224, the USA PATRIOT Act and regulations of the Office of Foreign Assets Control of 
the United States Department of the Treasury and any statute, executive order and other governmental 
action relating thereto; and (iii) are not engaged in this transaction, directly or indirectly on behalf of, or 
instigating or facilitating this transaction, directly or indirectly on behalf of, any such person, group, entity 
or nation.  Any violation of the Anti-Terrorism Laws by You or the Owners of the You, or any blocking of 
