2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
29 
8. 
Your transferee must sign WZ LLC’s then-current franchise agreement (including 
any applicable addendum to reflect that the agreement is for a franchise that has been transferred), must 
complete, to the sole satisfaction of WZ LLC, the Wireless Zone® training program, and must comply with 
all other requirements of WZ LLC for new franchisees, to the sole satisfaction of WZ LLC.  
9. 
You or Your transferee must agree to renovate, re-image, and modernize the Store 
in order to meet WZ LLC’s then-prevailing design criteria and to expend all monies reasonably necessary 
to complete such renovation, re-image, and modernization.  All renovations must be completed before the 
Transfer may occur, or at WZ LLC’s option, Your transferee must agree to complete all renovations within 
the time frame WZ LLC requires. 
10. 
Your transferee must enter into a lease for the Store, or accept an assignment of 
Your lease, no later than the date of the Transfer and provide WZ LLC with a fully executed copy of the 
lease or assignment, as applicable.   
11. 
Any Owner who engages in a Transfer of his or her ownership interest in You and 
any third party who acquires the ownership interest in You will be subject to the provisions of the covenants 
contained in Section 16 of this Agreement after the Transfer has been completed and will be required to 
confirm their respective obligations in writing.  The transferee’s Owner’s will sign a Guaranty of 
Performance in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 2 or such other forms as are then used by WZ LLC at 
the time of the transfer.  If a new Business Organization acquires the assets of the Business and signs a new 
franchise agreement as the franchisee, each Owner of the Business Organization will sign the Guaranty of 
Performance or forms then acceptable to WZ LLC. 
12. 
You will not retain a security interest in the Business or its assets following the 
Transfer without WZ LLC’s prior written consent, which consent WZ LLC is under no obligation to 
provide.  Prior to any approved Transfer, You agree to disclose any security interest in the Business that 
You or any third party holds.  Contemporaneously with any approved Transfer, You agree to assign any 
security interest in the Business to WZ LLC and authorize WZ LLC to take all necessary steps to attach 
and perfect the assigned security interest. 
B. 
Transfer Upon Death or Permanent Incapacity.  Immediately following the death or 
permanent incapacity of an Owner who owns fifty-one percent (51%) or more of You (the “51% Owner”) 
or the Owner who is Your manager, WZ LLC or its representative may assume operation of the Business 
under WZ LLC’s step-in rights under Section 13.01.  WZ LLC will also have an option to purchase the 
Business at a price mutually agreed by WZ LLC and You, or if the parties do not agree, then at a price 
representing the average appraisal of the Business made by three (3) independent business appraisers 
selected by WZ LLC (the “Buy-Out Price”).  The cost of the appraisal will be shared equally by the parties.  
This purchase option will extend for one hundred eighty (180) days following the date of death or permanent 
incapacity.   You and Your Owners will sign all documents which WZ LLC may require to show that this 
Agreement and the Business were acquired, upon the payment of the Buy-Out Price.  If WZ LLC does not 
exercise the purchase option, Your  Owners will also have the right to sell the Business or their interests in 
You, provided that they follow the requirements of Section 12.02.A.  If Your Owners desire to retain and 
operate the Business, this will be considered a permitted Transfer, subject to the requirements of 
Section 12.02.A.  In any event, any Transfer must be consummated no later than twelve (12) months from 
the date of death or permanent incapacity. You agree that permanent incapacity will mean that You are 
unable to operate the Business on a full-time basis for six (6) months.  Once You are considered to be 
permanently incapacitated, You or Your legal representative must transfer the Business as provided for 
above. 
