1 
2025 FDD (October Amendment) 
Exhibit E Addendum Re: Data Protection and Security 
Exhibit 2 
Data Protection and Privacy Procedures 
(Minimum Recommended Requirements - Massachusetts) 
dated December 1, 2008 
DATA PROTECTION PROCEDURES
Each employee must read and understand these Procedures.  Each employee must follow these procedures at 
all times. 
Vendors, contractors, third-party service providers and others that have access to Personal Information from 
us must: (i) establish that they have the capacity to protect such Personal Information; and (ii) agree in writing
to maintain adequate safeguards for Personal Information.  This will be a condition of doing business with us. 
These Data Protection Procedures will be updated from time to time to reflect changes in the law. 
FAILURE TO COMPLY; DISCIPLINARY MEASURES
Failure to follow these procedures is a serious breach.  If the failure results in a Breach of Security, the 
responsible employee(s) will be disciplined, which, depending upon the circumstances, may include immediate 
dismissal.  Vendors or other third parties that fail to maintain safeguards for Personal Information, or permit a 
Breach of Security, will be subject to appropriate action, which may include termination. 
DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
One person is designated as the person responsible for Data Protection at each store, as listed below: 
Store WZ/MF1# 
Responsible Person
This person will be responsible for compliance by all employees and other persons with these Procedures at 
his or her store.  The store owner may change this person from time to time but will always have someone who 
is responsible for the security of Personal Information. 
AUDIT AND ASSESSMENT
The responsible person for each store will identify all records containing Personal Information, including paper 
files, computers, and portable devices used to store personal information, and will prepare a comprehensive 
written list of the types and locations of Personal Information.  The responsible person will review existing 
security measures (such as locks on cabinets, password protection for computers, etc.), and will set action items 
to improve security as required by these Procedures. 
The responsible person will periodically review the location and handling of Personal Information, and will 
take corrective action necessary to protect its security.  This review will be conducted at least once a year. 
TRAINING
The responsible person will give these Procedures to each employee of the store, and will make sure that each 
employee understands and follows the Procedures.  The responsible person will inform new employees of these 
Procedures.  The responsible person will periodically remind and refresh employees of their Personal 
Information security obligations.   
