2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
23 
notice by WZ LLC, the Provider or the supplier or vendor.  You will permit such Provider, supplier or 
vendor to exercise all of WZ LLC’s rights under Section 11.04.C, unless otherwise instructed by WZ LLC. 
C. 
Method of Audit.  During any inspection or audit, You will permit WZ LLC or its 
designated representative(s) entry into any location where the books and records of the Store are located, 
stored or available for review.  You agree to permit WZ LLC or its designated representatives to inspect, 
audit, copy, photocopy or otherwise duplicate any and all of the books and records of the Store, including 
bookkeeping and accounting records, banking and financial account records, business records, tax records, 
operating records, correspondence and general business records and supplier and vendor records.  You also 
agree that WZ LLC or its designated representative may enter into and take pictures or otherwise record 
images of the Store, its interior and exterior and its fixtures, signs, and marketing materials.  You will ensure 
that You, Your Owners, operators, managers, employees and agents, fully cooperate with WZ LLC or its 
designated representative.  You will permit WZ LLC or its designated representative to communicate with 
any and all of Your employees, agents, customers and suppliers without notice to You.
D. 
Report of Audit/Deficiencies.  WZ LLC will use reasonable efforts to provide to You, not 
later than thirty (30) days after conclusion of an audit or inspection performed by WZ LLC, a report 
indicating deficiencies in areas of compliance within the scope of the audit or inspection.  You will correct 
any deficiencies identified in the report and bring Your operations, reporting or other activities into full 
compliance with the requirements of the Wireless Zone® System.  The results of any report provided under 
this Section 11.04.D will be binding on You unless You provide WZ LLC notice within ten (10) days after 
Your receipt of the report, that You believe the report to be incorrect. If such notice is given, either party 
may cause a second audit to be performed within ten (10) business days of the notice.  The Parties will 
work together in good faith for not more than thirty (30) days after the results of the second audit to resolve 
any discrepancies or disagreements regarding the results of the audit.  If, after that time, the Parties are 
unable to resolve the discrepancies or disagreements, they will mediate the matter through mediation in 
accordance with Section 18.07.  
11.05. Computer/Point of Sale Environment.   
A. 
Computer and Point-of-Sale Environment. You will purchase, install, and use all 
technology, products, services or other items WZ LLC may require from time-to-time, including computer 
hardware and software and all other items making up Your Store’s “Point of Sale Environment” as 
determined by WZ LLC from time-to-time.  This includes Your point of sale systems and related technology 
and infrastructure, and all equipment, hardware, software and other items or services WZ LLC requires for 
use in the operation of Your Store.  All of the foregoing items  must be purchased from WZ LLC, or such 
other supplier as WZ LLC may designate.  You will use WZ LLC or its designee to install, set-up and 
maintain the Point of Sale Environment.  You will sign any license agreement required to purchase and use 
the computer hardware, software or other technology.  You understand and agree that due to changes in 
competitive circumstances, changes in the needs of customers, and/or technological innovations and 
information technology and data security risks, the items making up Your Point of Sale Environment, 
including computer hardware and/or software used to operate the point-of-sale systems may need to 
undergo changes in order that it best serve the interests of You, and the System.  Accordingly, You expressly 
understand and agree that WZ LLC may from time-to-time change any or all of such items, including 
hardware, software and other requirements necessary to operate Your Store, require certain technological 
and security upgrades to operating and payment processing systems and mandate information security 
baseline requirements, and otherwise change, improve, or modify such systems, including the Point of Sale 
Environment and any items included therein.  Subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, You 
expressly agree to abide by any such modifications, requirements, changes, additions, deletions, and 
alterations and acknowledge that such modifications, changes, additions, deletions, and alterations may 
require further expenditures by You.  Further, You agree to execute any and all documents necessary to 
