FDD 2025 (October Amendment)
20 
these amounts.  These estimates do not provide for your cash needs to cover any financing 
you incur or your other business and personal expenses.  You should not plan to draw 
income from the operation during the start-up and development stage of your business, the 
actual duration of which will vary significantly from franchise to franchise and which we 
cannot predict for your Store (and which may extend for longer than the 3-month initial 
period described in Note 9).  You must have additional sums available, whether in cash or 
through a bank line of credit or have other assets which you may liquidate or against which 
you may borrow, to cover other expenses and any operating losses you may sustain, 
whether during your start-up and development stage, or beyond.  The amount of necessary 
reserves will vary greatly from franchisee to franchisee and will depend upon many factors, 
including the rate of growth and success of your Store, which in turn will depend upon 
factors such as the demographics and economic conditions in the area in which your Store 
is located, the presence of other competitor stores, including other Wireless Zone® Stores 
and other wireless retailers, or other public awareness of our business and trademarks 
within the general vicinity of your Store, your ability to operate efficiently and in 
conformance with our recommended methods of doing business, and competition.  
You should review these figures carefully with a business advisor before making any 
decision on whether to purchase the franchise. 
We and our affiliates do not provide financing to franchisees either directly or indirectly 
for establishing a franchise except we may finance, depending on the circumstances, all, or part of 
the costs for inventory, signs, fixtures, displays and kiosk, if applicable.  See Note 4 above and 
Item 10.  The availability and terms of financing obtained from third parties will depend upon such 
factors as your credit worthiness, collateral which you may make available, policies of local 
lending institutions with respect to the nature of the business, and general economic conditions.  
We have established a referral relationship with a third-party lender that may offer financing to 
you in the form of equipment finance agreements for establishing a franchise.   See Item 10. 
Item 8 
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
You may be required by the Franchise Agreement or otherwise by us to purchase or lease 
products or services (1) from us, our affiliates or parents or other suppliers we have designated or 
approved, (2) that meet our specifications, or (3) that we have the right to approve.  
Under the terms of your Franchise Agreement, all of your furniture, fixtures, equipment, 
kiosks, traffic counter systems, supplies, signs, safes, telephone system, PCI compliance services, 
credit card processing services, inventory, data destruction certification, all items making up your 
Point of Sale Environment, services for the installation, set-up and maintenance of these items, 
whether performed by us or a third party, and other items and services that we may specify from 
time to time, must meet our specifications.  All of these items and services must be purchased from 
suppliers we approve, which may be us or an affiliate.  We provide our standards and specifications 
for franchisees in a confidential Operations Manual (the “Operations Manual”) and lists of 
approved suppliers for certain items and services.  The Operations Manual is a compilation of 
manuals, books, binders, videos or other electronic media, Intranet postings and other materials 
containing operating data, specifications, standards, operating procedures, checklists, equipment, 
services and other information for the establishment and operation of a Store and to the System.  
When we say we will provide “written” communication or a notice or information (including the 
