2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
15 
B. 
Sales and Performance Standards.  WZ LLC will establish minimum requirements for the 
volume of sales and other performance standards that Your Store is required to achieve, including minimum 
monthly sales standards for new activations and total boxes, and other minimum monthly sales standards 
established by either or both of WZ LLCand the Provider. These minimum requirements will be published 
in the Operations Manual.  WZ LLC, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to add to and/or change the 
minimum requirements from time-to-time based on the requirements of WZ or WZ LLC’s Provider.  
C. 
Providers and Vendors.  WZ LLC, and the Provider, in their sole discretion, will determine 
the vendors from whom You may purchase approved devices, products, accessories, goods, and services.  
You may also be required, in WZ LLC’s sole discretion, to purchase approved devices, products, 
accessories, goods, and services from WZ LLC at the prices established by WZ LLC.  WZ LLC warrants, 
however, that any devices and accessories for resale that it makes available to You will be offered at the 
published wholesale price paid by WZ LLC.  WZ LLC will not require You to pay the costs of regular, 
non-expedited ground shipping services for any devices or accessories purchased from WZ LLC for resale, 
whether directly from WZ LLC or through WZ LLC’s designated third-party logistics provider; provided, 
however, that to obtain free shipping on accessories, Your order must meet a minimum order threshold set 
by WZ LLC from time-to-time.  You will remain responsible for the cost of shipping all devices, products, 
accessories, goods, and services purchased from any and all other parties, and for the costs of non-ground 
forms of shipping, including air and marine, as well as the costs for all expedited shipping services. 
D. 
Required Sub-licenses.  WZ LLC’s Provider, vendor(s), and supplier(s) may require, as a 
condition to the sale of goods or the license of rights to distribution or the use of relevant trademarks, WZ 
LLC and all Wireless Zone® locations to offer certain equipment and certain equipment configurations.  
You will at all times comply with such requirements. WZ LLC’s Provider, vendor(s), and supplier(s) may 
also require You to meet certain performance and operational requirements, standards, and conditions, and 
You acknowledge and agree that You will, at all times, comply with such requirements, standards, and 
conditions. You will also sign any and all documents, including but not limited to sub-agent agreements 
and sub-license agreements, required by WZ LLC, its Provider, vendor(s), and supplier(s) as a necessary 
condition to offering WZ LLC approved products, goods, and services.
E. 
Exclusivity.  You will purchase, sell, and offer for sale, only those products, goods and 
services approved by WZ LLC.  If You wish to purchase, sell or offer for sale, any device, product, 
accessory, good, or service not approved by WZ LLC, You must, prior to offering the same, request, in 
writing, and obtain, WZ LLC’s approval of such device, product, accessory, good, or service.  In connection 
with that request, You must provide any and all information WZ LLC may request concerning the device, 
product, accessory, good, or service, including but not limited to specifications, samples, prices, 
availability, and information regarding the owner, maker, or distributor of the product, good, or service.   
WZ LLC will, in its sole discretion, determine whether the device, product, accessory, good, or service 
meets WZ LLC’s standards for quality, performance, appearance, reliability, marketability, profitability, 
and any other relevant characteristic, and will notify You in writing of its decision to approve or disapprove 
the device, product, accessory, good, or service.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this 
Agreement, WZ LLC will not approve the purchase, sale or offering for sale of any device, product, 
accessory, good, or service that violates any obligation WZ LLC has to its Provider, vendor(s), or 
supplier(s).  
10.03. Management of the Business. 
A. 
General.  You are solely responsible for the day-to-day operation of the Business.  You are 
solely responsible for recruiting and hiring the persons You employ to operate the Business.  You will 
determine all terms of employment, including hiring, compensation and benefits, work schedules, work 
conditions, and assignments, and You are responsible for hiring, training, supervising, disciplining, and 
