2025 Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
Exhibit 5 Provider Compliance Agreement  
1
EXHIBIT 5 
PROVIDER COMPLIANCE AGREEMENT 
This Provider Compliance Agreement dated [DATE] (“Agreement”) is between Wireless Zone LLC, a 
Connecticut limited liability company (“WZ LLC”) and the person or entity signing this Franchise Agreement 
(“you,” “your” or “Franchisee”) and is signed in connection with the franchise agreement of even date herewith 
between you and WZ LLC.   “You” includes all persons who have ownership interest in the Franchisee.  This 
Agreement shall apply to the franchise agreement referenced above along with any other Wireless Zone® franchise 
agreements between you and WZ LLC, whether executed now or in the future (the foregoing agreements, including 
the initial franchise agreement referenced above, are referred to collectively, along with all applicable amendments, 
addenda, and assignments as the “Franchise Agreement”). 
1. 
Definitions.  For purposes of this Agreement, words defined below will have the definitions set 
forth below.   
Activation (including the correlative meanings of the terms “Activated” or “Activate(s)”) means the assignment by 
Provider of a Number to the Equipment in the System and the Provider’s Facilities to enable use of Provider’s 
Covered CMRS.   
Affiliate means, with respect to a party to this Agreement, any Entity, that directly or indirectly, through one or 
more intermediaries, Controls, is Controlled by or is under common Control with such party.  
Area means the MSAs, RSAs, MTAs and BTAs specified by Provider in the Provider Contract within which 
Provider has regulatory authority or is otherwise authorized to provide Covered CMRS and within which you are 
authorized to sell Provider Covered CMRS on behalf of WZ LLC pursuant to the Franchise Agreement. 
Authorized Locations means the locations of your Wireless Zone® franchises.  
Carrier means an Entity (other than Provider) licensed by the Federal Communications Commission (“FCC”) to 
offer Covered CMRS through the use of licensed Facilities. 
Compensation means any payment you receive from WZ LLC as the result of your sale of Provider’s Covered 
CMRS or Provider’s other products or services, subject to the terms of any Franchise Agreement and the Provider 
Contract, and subject to change by Provider at Provider’s sole discretion without notice to you. 
Confidential Information means non-public account information and any other non-public business information 
of Provider disclosed either directly or indirectly, whether in oral form, or in written, graphic or electronic form, 
which is confidential or proprietary, including, without limitation, firmware, source code, object code, software 
tools, designs, schematics, plans, formulas, know-how, Equipment information, Subscriber Information, Subscriber 
lists, markets, inventions, processes, technology or any other information relating to any research project, work in 
process, future development, scientific, engineering, manufacturing, marketing or business plans, or financial or 
personnel materials, products, future products, product plans, services, sales, training materials, the identity of or 
information concerning suppliers, employees, or investors. 
Control (including the correlative meanings of the terms “Controlling”, “Controlled by” and “under common 
Control with”), as used with respect to any Entity, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power in fact 
or in law to direct or cause the direction of management policies of such Entity, whether through ownership of 
voting securities, by contract or otherwise.  For the avoidance of doubt, if, with respect to an Entity that is party to 
a merger or consolidation transaction (for purposes of this sentence, an “acquiring entity”), the shareholders of the 
acquiring entity as a group as of the time immediately prior to the consummation of such transaction, immediately 
following the consummation of such transaction beneficially own, directly or indirectly, voting securities of the 
surviving Entity in such transaction sufficient to exercise Control thereof, the acquiring entity will be deemed to 
have acquired Control of the other party or parties to such merger or consolidation transaction. 
Covered Commercial Mobile Radio Service (“Covered CMRS”) means each and every radio service that is 
defined by the FCC acmes pursuant to 47 CFR 20.9 and other provisions of the FCC’s rules; including, but not 
limited to, cellular, PCS, messaging, air-to-ground, specialized mobile radio services and enhanced specialized 
