2025 FDD (October Amendment) 
Exhibit I State Addenda and Agreement Riders – North Dakota 
AMENDMENT TO WIRELESS ZONE LLC 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF NORTH DAKOTA
In recognition of the requirements of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, North Dakota Century 
Code Annotated Chapter 51-19, Sections 51-09-01 through 51-19-17, the parties to the attached Wireless 
Zone LLC Franchise Agreement (the “Agreement”) agree as follows: 
1.
Section 5.02.B.10 (pertaining to general release upon renewal) and Section 12.02.A.5. (pertaining 
to general release upon transfer) of the Franchise Agreement are deleted in their entirety.   
2.
Section 16.01.B. of the Franchise Agreement is amended by adding the following language at the 
end: 
“Covenants not to compete, such as those mentioned in this Section 16.01.B., are subject to Section 9-08-
06 of the North Dakota Century Code.” 
3. 
Section 18.08 of the Franchise Agreement (pertaining to governing law ) is deleted in its entirety. 
4. 
Sections 18.14 (pertaining to waiver of jury trial) and 18.15 (pertaining to waiver of collateral 
estoppel) of the Franchise Agreement are deleted in their entirety.
5. 
Any references in the Franchise Agreement to any requirement that the franchisee consents to the 
jurisdiction of courts located outside of North Dakota are deleted. 
6. 
Any reference in the Franchise Agreement requiring franchisee to consent to termination penalties 
or liquidated damages is deleted.   
7. 
Any claims arising under the North Dakota franchise law will be governed by the laws of the State 
of North Dakota. 
8. 
Section 18.13 (pertaining to waiver of exemplary and punitive damages) of the Franchise 
Agreement are deleted in their entirety. 
10 
Any reference in the Franchise Agreement requiring the franchisee to consent to a limitation of 
claims is deleted. The statute of limitations under North Dakota law applies. 
11. 
The prevailing party in any enforcement action is entitled to recover all costs and expenses, 
including attorneys’ fees. 
12. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under 
any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by a franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
13. 
Each provision of this Amendment will be effective only to the extent that, with respect to the 
provision, the jurisdictional requirement of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law is met 
independently of this Amendment.   
