2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
42 
18.05. Exercise of Business Judgment.  Except as otherwise expressly stated in this Agreement, 
any consent or approval required to be obtained from WZ LLC, or decision to be made by WZ LLC, may 
be granted or made by WZ LLC in its sole and exclusive business judgment, which may take into account 
WZ LLC’s assessment of, among other things, the long-term interests of WZ LLC, the System and the 
Trademarks, without regard to its effect on any individual franchisee or Wireless Zone® store.  WZ LLC’s 
business judgment will prevail even in cases where other alternatives may be reasonable, so long as WZ 
LLC is intending to benefit or is acting in a way that could benefit the System, enhance the value of the 
Trademarks, increase customer satisfaction, or minimize possible consumer, brand, or location 
confusion.  If WZ LLC’s activities or decisions are supported by its business judgment no court or judge or 
trier of fact, or any other person reviewing those activities or decisions may substitute his, her or its 
judgment for WZ LLC’s judgment, in recognition of the fact that the long-term goals of a franchise system, 
and the long-term interests of both WZ LLC and its franchisees taken together, require that WZ LLC have 
the latitude to exercise its business judgment in administering, managing, and overseeing the System. 
18.06. No Set-Offs.  You agree that You may not withhold or escrow any amounts due to WZ 
LLC or set-off any such amounts against any amounts You claim that WZ LLC or its affiliates owe You.  
The existence of any claim or cause of action that You may have against WZ LLC will not constitute a 
defense or bar to the enforcement of any of the provisions of this Agreement and must be pursued by You 
through separate court action. 
18.07. Mediation.  Except as set forth in this first paragraph of Section 18.07, and in Section 
18.09, You and WZ LLC agree to enter into mediation of all disputes involving this Agreement or any 
other aspect of the relationship between the parties, for a minimum of four (4) hours, prior to initiating 
any arbitration or legal action against the other.  Notwithstanding this provision, You acknowledge that 
certain violations of this Agreement represent a potentially irreparable harm to the System and to WZ LLC’s 
and its franchisees’ goodwill and that, WZ LLC, and only WZ LLC, will not be obligated to mediate under 
this Section 18.07, where WZ LLC initiates any legal action arising out of such violations, including any 
breach of Sections: 14.01.B (improper transfer), 14.01.C (abandonment of the franchise), 
14.01.D (trademark impairment or infringement), 14.01.E (impairment of goodwill or fraud), 14.01.F 
(violating of confidentiality covenants), or 14.01.G (violation of non-compete), regardless of whether such 
action includes a claim for equitable relief. Therefore, You agree that in the event of Your breach or 
threatened breach of any the foregoing terms of this Agreement, WZ LLC shall be entitled to injunctive 
relief (both preliminary and permanent) restraining that breach and/or compelling specific performance 
without showing or proving irreparable harm (which You hereby acknowledge shall exist in such event) 
and without posting any bond or security. 
A. 
The party receiving a written notice of intent to mediate must propose a mediation service 
within ten (10) days of receipt. If the receiving party does not propose a mediation service within the 
required timeframe, the initiating party may select a mediation service or proceed with legal action without 
further attempts to mediate. If You or WZ LLC selects a mediation service that is unwilling to serve as the 
mediator, then the other party may select the mediation service.  Once designated the mediation service will 
schedule the mediation proceeding within thirty (30) days at a time mutually convenient to the parties.   If 
You and WZ LLC cannot agree on a date for mediation, then the mediation service will select a date it 
believes is reasonable for both parties. The mediator will be required to have at least ten (10) years of 
experience as either a franchisee or franchisor (or as an officer of such an entity) or in franchise law.  You 
and WZ LLC will equally share the cost of the mediator. The mediator will select the location for the 
mediation, but unless You and WZ LLC both agree otherwise, the mediation will be held in a metropolitan 
area with at least two hundred fifty thousand (250,000) persons that is not located within two hundred 
(200) miles of either Your principal office or WZ LLC’s principal office. 
