2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
38 
N.
Return or dispose of all Your computer equipment containing Confidential Information, 
including sanitizing, or destroying all copies of Confidential Information (such as backup and archival 
copies in any electronic form) and any Confidential Information provided to You, in accordance with any 
standards WZ LLC may provide to You.  You must obtain a certificate of destruction from a vendor WZ 
LLC approves for proof of properly erasing or scrubbing all data contained in Your computer equipment.  
15.02. WZ LLC’s Obligation. Upon the transfer or termination or expiration of this Agreement 
for any reason, WZ LLC will only be obligated to pay You Commissions and Residuals earned by You as 
of the date of transfer, termination, or expiration, subject to set-off for amounts You owe WZ LLC.  You 
have no right to Commissions or Residuals accruing for any period subsequent to the date of transfer, 
termination, or expiration.  
15.03. Injunctive Relief.  WZ LLC will have the right to seek immediate injunctive relief to 
enforce its rights and Your obligations under this Article 15 and to obtain such injunctive relief without 
posting bond.  You agree that if You violate this Article 15 WZ LLC will suffer immediate irreparable harm 
and customer confusion.  You will pay WZ LLC’s attorneys’ fees and costs in connection with enforcement 
of this provision or any other provision of this Agreement.  If You violate this provision during the Term, 
then WZ LLC can terminate this Agreement with immediate effect as described in Section 14.01. 
16. 
NON-COMPETITION AND NON-DISCLOSURE COVENANTS 
16.01. Non-Competition. 
A. 
You agree that during the Term, You and each Owner of You and their spouse, any 
manager of Your Store, and others identified in Section 16.02, will not directly or indirectly engage in, 
own, hold any interest in, be employed by or be involved in any way with any wireless or wireline 
communications business and/or entertainment and security products and services business, other than the 
Store, which offers products and services which are offered as, or are materially similar to, any part of the 
System.  This prohibition against competition will apply to participation in, ownership of, or interest in, all 
methods of distribution, including, without limitation, mail order sales and Internet sales.   
B. 
You agree that for two years following the termination or expiration of this Agreement for 
any reason, or from the date of the last breach of this covenant, whichever is later, You and each Owner of 
You and their spouse, any manager of Your Store, and others identified in Section 16.05, will not directly 
or indirectly engage in, own, hold any interest in, be employed by or be involved in any way with any 
wireless or wireline communications business and/or entertainment and security products and services 
business located at the premises of Your Store, or within a ten (10) mile radius of Your Store or of a then 
existing franchised or affiliated Store, which offers products and services which are offered as, or are 
materially similar to, any part of the System.  This prohibition against competition will apply to 
participation in, ownership of, or interest in, all methods of distribution, including, without limitation, mail 
order sales and Internet sales.  
C. 
If the restrictions stated in this Agreement are found by any court to be unenforceable 
because they continue too long or extend over too great a geographical area, the restrictions will be 
interpreted to continue only so long and/or to extend only to the maximum geographical area for which 
they are found to be enforceable by such court.  
D. 
WZ LLC will have the right to seek immediate injunctive relief to enforce its rights and 
Your obligations under this Section 16.01 and to obtain such injunctive relief without posting bond. You 
agree that if You violate this Section 16.01 WZ LLC will suffer immediate irreparable harm and customer 
confusion.  You will pay WZ LLC’s attorneys’ fees and costs in connection with enforcement of this 
