2025 FDD (October Amendment) 
Exhibit I State Addenda and Agreement Riders – New York 
AMENDMENT TO WIRELESS ZONE LLC 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF NEW YORK 
In recognition of the requirements of the Article 33 of the General Business Law of the State of New York, 
the parties to the attached Wireless Zone LLC Franchise Agreement (the “Agreement”) agree as follows:
1. 
Section 18 of the Agreement is revised to include the following: 
“Provided, however, that all rights arising under Franchisee’s favor from the provisions 
of Article 33 of the GBL of the State of New York and the regulations issued thereunder shall remain in 
force; it being the intent of this provision that the non-waiver provisions of GBL Section 687.4 and 687.5 
be satisfied.” 
2.  
Section 12 of the Agreement is revised to include the following: 
“Franchisor will not make an assignment except to an assignee who, in Franchisor’s good 
faith judgment, is willing and able to assume its obligations under the Agreement.” 
3.  
Section 14 of the Agreement is revised to include the following: 
“In addition, Franchisee shall have the right to terminate the Agreement to the extent 
allowed under applicable law.” 
4.  
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any 
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the 
franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the 
franchise.  
5. 
Each provision of this Addendum shall be effective only to the extent that, with respect 
to such provision, the jurisdictional requirements of Article 33 of the General Business Law of the State 
of New York are met independently without reference to this Addendum. 
