FDD 2025 (October Amendment)
33 
Protected Territory.  You must seek and receive our permission to relocate within your Protected 
Territory.  The proposed new location must satisfy our and Provider’s site location and lease 
criteria for your Store.  If your lease for your Store expires, is not renewed, or is otherwise 
terminated, you must secure another approved Store location within 90 days after the expiration 
or termination of the prior lease.  You must sign a separate Franchise Agreement, the terms of 
which may differ materially, and pay an additional franchise fee, to operate another Store in your 
Protected Territory or in a different or additional territory.   
You will not receive an exclusive territory.  You may face competition from other 
franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands 
that we control.  You may also face competition from competitive brands that our affiliates control, 
including TCC.   
If you are not in default under the Franchise Agreement, we will not grant a franchise for 
the right to operate a Wireless Zone® Store that is physically located within your Protected 
Territory, except as described below regarding alternative channels of distribution, including non-
traditional locations, and except that we also reserve the right to retain any sub-agent we previously 
established in your Protected Territory.  We also expressly reserve for ourselves, for our affiliates 
and for our other franchisees the right to sell, lease and repair wireless telephones, and other 
wireless and wireline communications devices and services, entertainment and security products 
and services, and other products and services under other trademarks within or to your Protected 
Territory.  Our Providers, and other agents of our Providers, may also operate competitive stores 
in your Protected Territory, but without using the Wireless Zone® name.  You may accept orders 
from outside your Protected Territory without payment to another franchisee, but you may not 
conduct marketing or promotional activities outside the Protected Territory.  We may accept orders 
from inside your Protected Territory without payment to you.  
We retain the right to use alternative channels of distribution, including by way of 
wholesale, mail order or catalog business, the Internet, “e-commerce” or other computer sales 
methods, specialty sales, or via outbound telemarketing, toll free telephone numbers for delivery, 
other electronic means, or at or through department stores, big box stores, grocery stores, 
supermarkets, theme parks, airports, stadiums, arenas, and similar outlets, to offer products and 
services other than through Wireless Zone® Stores to locations and customers located anywhere, 
including those within your Protected Territory, using the mark Wireless Zone® and the other 
Trademarks or under other trademarks, and we do not have to pay any compensation to you.  You 
may not solicit business in any non-retail channel of distribution to any purchaser wherever 
located, including within your Protected Territory, including by way of catalogs, mail-order, toll-
free telephone numbers, or any form of electronic media or commerce, such as the Internet, except 
for permitted telemarketing within your Protected Territory.  We have established an e-commerce 
distribution program, and you must participate in the manner set out in the Operations Manual and 
accept those amounts, if any, that we specify as full and adequate payment for your participation.   
We may establish, and we reserve the right for ourselves and our affiliates to utilize, 
alternative channels of distribution for branded communications products, such as telephones or 
wireless Internet devices, using the Trademarks used in your Store or any other trademarks, to any 
purchaser wherever located, including within your Protected Territory.  You will have the right to 
sell products under the Trademarks only by retail sale and only through your Store and you will 
have no right to sell products through any alternative distribution channel.  You have no right to 
share, and you should not expect to share, in any of the proceeds we or our affiliates, franchisees, 
