FDD 2025 (October Amendment)
27 
Item 11 
FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS,  
AND TRAINING 
Except as listed below, we are not required to provide you with any assistance. 
Pre-Opening Assistance 
Before you open your Store, we will: 
1. 
Designate a Protected Territory (see Item 12).  (Franchise Agreement – Section 1.05.) 
2. 
Approve a site you select for your Store.  Generally, you will lease the site from a third 
party, but we or an affiliate may occasionally offer to sell Stores owned by us or the affiliate, which 
may also require a sublease or lease assignment. We may review your lease if you request our 
assistance or if we consider it advisable, although we will not provide any legal advice to you, and 
you are responsible for negotiating all lease terms.  We consider the following factors in approving 
your location: general location and immediate surroundings, traffic patterns, visibility, size, layout, 
rental and lease terms, competition, and growth trends in the area.  Our Provider must also approve 
your Store location in advance and may withdraw approval at any time.  Our approval and our 
Provider’s approval of a specific location does not warrant or guarantee the suitability of a site, or 
the profitability or the likelihood of success of your Store.  Our approval of a site also does not 
guarantee that our Provider will also approve the site.  You must deliver a copy of the signed lease 
to us within 15 days after it is fully signed.  (Franchise Agreement – Section 4.)  We will coordinate 
with our Provider to obtain final approval of all sites.  If we or our Provider do not approve the 
site you select, you must submit an alternative site for consent.  If you and we cannot mutually 
agree on a site for your Store that is also acceptable to our Provider within 180 days after we and 
you sign the Franchise Agreement, or such other time period as we mutually agree, we can 
terminate the Franchise Agreement.  If that occurs, we may refund to you the initial franchise fee 
you paid up to the date of termination, less our expenses incurred to that date if you sign a release.  
(Franchise Agreement – Section 4.)     
We anticipate that the typical length of time between signing the Franchise Agreement or the first 
payment of consideration and the commencement of operations of your Store will be 
approximately 12 to 36 weeks.  The factors that affect this time frame include the build-out of the 
facility, training schedules, arrangement of financing by you, lease negotiations, zoning approvals, 
sign permit and fabrication, and hiring of staff.   
3. 
Allow you access to the Operations Manual.  The Operations Manual contains the standard 
specifications and procedures for the construction and operation of your Store.  We will furnish 
updates to you as changes are made in the Wireless Zone® franchise System.  (Franchise 
Agreement – Section 10.01.) The Table of Contents of the Operations Manual as of the issuance 
date of this Disclosure Document is attached as Exhibit F to this Disclosure Document.  The total 
number of pages in the Operations Manual as of the date of this Disclosure Document is 123. 
4. 
Furnish you with a layout for the interior of a typical Store and provide specific exterior 
signage and specific decor specifications or directly arrange for the installation of exterior signage.  
We may also arrange for a general contractor to perform construction and install the fixtures at 
your Store.  (Franchise Agreement – Section 10.05.)  We do not provide these items directly to 
you or deliver and/or install them.  Before you open the Store, you must certify in writing that you 
