FDD 2025 (October Amendment)
36 
Item 14 
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION 
There are no patents or pending patent applications that are material to the franchise.  We 
claim copyright protection in the Operations Manual and related materials, and website, social 
media sites, Intranet, advertisement, and promotional materials, although these materials may not 
have been registered with the United States Registrar of Copyrights.  We consider these materials 
proprietary and confidential, and our property and you may use them only as provided in the 
Franchise Agreement. We also consider our trade dress inherently and uniquely distinctive and 
protectable under applicable Federal and State law. 
There currently are no effective material determinations of the United States Patent and 
Trademark Office, the United States Copyright Office, or any court regarding any of the 
copyrighted materials.  There are no agreements in effect which significantly limit our right to use 
or license the copyrighted materials.  There are no infringing uses actually known to us which 
could materially affect your use of the copyrighted materials.  We are not required by any 
agreement to protect or defend copyrights or any patents or to defend you against claims from your 
use of any patented or copyrighted items. 
The Operations Manual and other materials we make available to you contain our 
confidential information, including trade secrets.  You must treat the Operations Manual, any other 
manuals and literature created for or approved for use in the operation of your Store, and the 
information contained in them, as confidential, and must use all reasonable efforts to maintain this 
information as secret and confidential.  You must not copy, duplicate, record, or otherwise 
reproduce these materials, or otherwise make them available to any unauthorized person.  The 
Operations Manual will remain our sole property.  As described in Item 8, the Operations Manual 
is a compilation of manuals, books, binders, videos or other electronic media, Intranet postings 
and other materials.  You must keep any physical copies of any portions of the Operations Manual 
in a secure place at your Store.  
We may revise the contents of the Operations Manual, and you must comply with each 
new or changed standard.  You must familiarize yourself with changes to the Operations Manual 
as they are posted.  You must ensure that your copy of the Operations Manual is kept current at all 
times.  If there are any disputes as to the contents of the Operations Manual, the terms of the master 
copy we maintain at our home office will be controlling. 
Item 15 
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE 
ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE BUSINESS 
We do not require that you participate personally in the direct operation of your Store.  You 
may operate your Store through 1 or more Owners or employees, who are acceptable to us, who 
you designate in writing in a form acceptable to us, to serve as your proxy to supervise the 
operation of your Store.  You must designate a general manager to serve as your proxy if neither 
you nor another Owner with at least a 20% interest in the franchisee business entity will devote at 
least 40 hours per week to the operation of your Store.  You and the designated general manager, 
if any, must meet our educational and experience standards and you and in certain situations, the 
general manager, must attend and satisfactorily complete the mandatory new franchisee training 
