FDD 2025 (October Amendment)
15 
Type of Fee 
Amount 
Due Date 
Remarks 
Indemnification  
Amount of loss or damages 
plus costs.   
As incurred. 
You must indemnify us, our 
officers, directors, principals, 
employees, and representatives 
from and against any claims, 
liabilities or costs which may be 
brought against us or any of 
them because of your operation 
of the Store or your breach of 
your Franchise Agreement. 
Attorneys’ Fees  
Varies. 
As incurred. 
If we are successful in any 
lawsuit we bring against you, or 
you bring against us, you must 
reimburse us for our attorneys’ 
fees.
Notes: 
(1) 
All fees are imposed, collected by and payable to us, except we may collect certain fees on behalf 
of third-party vendors, as discussed above. All fees are non-refundable and are uniformly imposed 
except as specifically provided.  As provided in the Franchise Agreement, all fees and Royalties, 
charges and invoices are due and payable to us on the date Commissions and Residuals are paid.  
We will deduct any fees owed to us from Commissions and Residuals paid by a Provider that are 
payable to you.  If the Commissions and Residuals are insufficient to cover the amount of fees 
owed, we will automatically draft any remaining fees from your bank account, provided that, when 
necessary, we will ask you to confirm the amount of the draft before we withdraw the funds. Any 
deficiency in the payment of amounts owed to us must be cured and all amounts paid in full not 
later than the 10th day of the month on which such amounts are due.  Interest will begin to accrue 
on all amounts that remain unpaid as of the day after the date such amounts are due. Any caps or 
not-to-exceed limitations on fee increases disclosed in the chart above will apply only to those fees 
specifically stated in this chart and with respect to those fees, will apply only to Franchise 
Agreements signed in connection with this Disclosure Document.  All caps or not-to-exceed 
limitations will expire or otherwise terminate on the expiration or termination of the Franchise 
Agreement.  We will provide at least 30 days’ notice of any increase to a fee in this chart that is 
subject to a cap or not-to-exceed limitation. 
You will bear the cost of and must pay any sales tax, use tax, gross receipts tax, excise tax, or other 
similar tax on your payments to us.  We may collect these taxes from you for transmittal to the 
taxing authority.  You will reimburse us for any taxes we must pay directly to any taxing authority.   
(2) 
“Gross Profit” means the Gross Revenue of your Store less your Allowable Cost.  “Gross Revenue” 
means all revenue you receive from or in connection with your Store, including from the following: 
(a) sale of devices, products, accessories, goods, and services; (b) Commissions; (c) Residuals; 
(d) device trade-ins; (e) customer fees; and (f) other payments from the Provider or any supplier or 
vendor to us that may be distributed to you.  Gross Revenue will not include: (x) certain incentives 
and/or other short-term sales program compensation that we may distribute to you; (y) market 
development funds; and (z) co-op advertising funds.  “Allowable Cost” means (i) the cost 
attributable to Wireless Zone® approved devices, products, accessories, goods and services sold at 
your Store, as set forth in our published price schedule; (ii) “Fees” which includes fees charged to 
you against the sale of devices, products, goods and services by us, the Provider, suppliers or 
vendors; and (iii) “Chargebacks”, which includes all costs and any other amounts charged back to 
us by the Provider, suppliers or vendors for devices, products, accessories, goods or services sold 
from or in connection with your  Store, and all other reversals by us, the Provider, suppliers or 
