2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
14 
10. 
OPERATION OF THE BUSINESS 
10.01. Operations Manual.  WZ LLC will provide You with the Operations Manual, in a form 
and manner as determined by WZ LLC in its sole discretion, which will be updated and revised from time-
to-time by WZ LLC in its sole discretion.  You will operate the Franchise in strict accordance with the 
Operations Manual unless a provision is expressly stated to be optional or aspirational.  The Operations 
Manual is a published document, supplemented by other materials including books, binders, videos, 
webinars, email notices, policies, programs, and the Wireless Zone® portal, that contains the performance 
and operating specifications, standards, procedures, equipment requirements, and other instruction 
regarding the operation of the Franchise and the System.  WZ LLC may vary the standards and 
specifications described in the Operations Manual to reflect the business conditions in specific locations or 
markets, or the unique requirements of specific products and services.  WZ LLC reserves the right in its 
sole discretion to establish such variations in WZ LLC’s sole discretion. 
A. 
Confidentiality.  You acknowledge that the Operations Manual is confidential and 
proprietary and that it contains trade secrets of WZ LLC. You agree to keep confidential the Operations 
Manual and any other items that WZ LLC designates as secret or confidential and to never make the 
Operations Manual or such other items available to a person or entity who has not been expressly authorized 
by WZ LLC to receive it.  You will not copy or reproduce the Operations Manual for any reason and You 
agree to immediately return the Operations Manual to WZ LLC upon the expiration or termination of this 
Agreement.  
B. 
Materiality.  You acknowledge and agree that Your compliance with the Operations 
Manual is vitally important to the chance of the Business being successful, and that maintaining the uniform 
conduct of the System is necessary to protect the reputation and goodwill and value of the System, the 
Trademarks and the Wireless Zone® brand.  However, while the Operations Manual is designed to protect 
the reputation and goodwill of WZ LLC, the System, and the Trademarks, it is not designed to control the 
day-to-day operation of the Business.  
C.
Modifications.  You acknowledge and agree that WZ LLC, in its sole discretion, may from 
time-to-time change or modify the Operations Manual, or any standard of operation, specification, or 
operating procedure or any of the Trademarks applicable to the operation of Your Store or all or any part 
of the System.  You will accept and adopt all such changes and modifications (which may be communicated 
in tangible or electronic form), make reasonable expenditures associated with the changes and 
modifications, and do so within the time periods established by WZ LLC.  These changes may include the 
adoption of new technologies and new products and the discontinuance of certain products, services, or 
technologies that WZ LLC determines in its sole discretion are no longer appropriate or advantageous for 
the System. 
10.02. Products and Services.   
A. 
Authorized Products and Services.  WZ LLC, and the Provider, in their sole discretion, 
determines the products, goods, and services to be sold in Wireless Zone® stores.  You recognize that the 
image, reputation, and goodwill of the Wireless Zone® brand established by WZ LLC is based on the 
consistency and quality of the products, goods, and services offered in Wireless Zone® stores and, 
accordingly, You will establish, maintain, and increase the sales of Wireless Zone® products, goods and 
services in accordance with the requirements set by WZ LLC.  You will maintain at Your Store at all times 
an inventory of authorized and approved products, in sufficient supply, to satisfy reasonable customer 
demand.  All such inventory will be purchased by You from WZ LLC or approved suppliers.  All amounts 
owed for inventory will be paid by You to WZ LLC in advance, unless WZ LLC agrees otherwise.  
