2025 Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
Exhibit 5 Provider Compliance Agreement  
7
15.6 
You acknowledge and agree that Provider may charge either WZ LLC or you its then-current fee 
on a per day, per Location per day, or other method for every day and for every Location at which there is a breach 
of any provision of this Section 15 that remains unremedied after you have received notice from either WZ LLC or 
the Provider that a breach exists and must be remedied.  You further acknowledge and agree that in accordance with 
the relevant provisions of the applicable Franchise Agreement, WZ LLC may recover from you the full amount of 
any such fee imposed against WZ LLC arising out of your violation of any provision of this Agreement. 
16.
You will not advertise, solicit, or consummate any sale or Activation of Provider Covered CMRS 
through (a) any e-commerce functionality, including, but not limited to, a Website operated directly or indirectly 
by you or (b) Telemarketing.  You will not engage in E-mail Solicitations that exclusively or primarily offer 
Provider Covered CMRS or Equipment.  No Email Solicitations will be sent by you without Provider’s prior written 
consent.   
17.
You understand, acknowledge and agree that Provider has the right, at any time in its sole 
discretion, whether as the result of your breach of Provider’s policies and procedures or for any other reason or for 
no reason, to terminate WZ LLC’s right to permit you to offer, sell and market Provider’s Covered CMRS in any 
portion or all of the Area, subject to applicable law.  If Provider terminates your rights under this Section 17, WZ 
LLC shall have the right to terminate the Franchise Agreement pursuant to its terms. 
18.
You represent and warrant: 
18.1 
The execution, delivery and/or performance of this Agreement will not conflict with or result in 
any breach of any provision of the charter or by-laws of you or any agreement, contract, or legally binding 
commitment or arrangement to which you are a party;  
18.2 
You are not subject to any limitation or restriction (including, without limitation, non-
competition/exclusivity, and confidentiality arrangements) which would prohibit, restrict or impede the 
performance of any of your obligations under any Franchise Agreement, or this Agreement; and 
18.3  
Neither you nor your Affiliates is currently under contract to offer for sale Covered CMRS in the 
Area of any Entity (other than Provider through a franchise agreement with WZ LLC), nor are you or any Affiliate 
contractually prohibited, under an expired/terminated contract, from promoting Provider Covered CMRS or 
representing Provider in the Area. 
19.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the date of last execution set forth below, and will 
continue until the first to occur of: 
19.1 
The expiration or termination of all the Franchise Agreements for any reason;  
19.2 
The expiration or termination of the Provider Contract for any reason; or 
19.3 
Provider’s withdrawal of authorization for WZ LLC to permit you to offer, sell and market 
Provider’s Covered CMRS in any portion or all of the Area. 
If this Agreement is terminated under this Section 19, you agree to be bound by the provisions of this Agreement 
that survive the termination of this Agreement.  Further, if this Agreement is terminated with respect to a particular 
Authorized Location you agree to be bound by the provisions of this Agreement that survive the termination of this 
Agreement as they relate to that particular Authorized Location immediately upon termination of the Franchise 
Agreement under which the Authorized Location is operated.   
20.0 
Notwithstanding anything set forth herein to the contrary, WZ LLC may require you to execute the 
then-current form of Provider Compliance Agreement used by it in connection with the offer and sale of franchises 
in connection with Franchise Agreements executed by you after the date hereof.  
21.0 
 This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, including by electronic signature, 
transmission, process or confirmation, each of which individually shall be deemed to be an original and all of which 
taken together shall constitute one instrument. 
[Signature Page to Follow] 
