2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
21 
or trademarks to any of the foregoing.  You will not, during the Term or after its expiration or termination 
for any reason, in any manner use or employ any meta tag, link, frame, or similar device to, or for, any WZ 
LLC website or social media site. 
10.16. Miscellaneous Contributions.  In addition to any other amounts due under this 
Agreement, You agree to pay to WZ LLC such other fees and charges as may be required by WZ LLC, in 
WZ LLC’s sole discretion, for System programs designed specifically to attract or retain customers, 
including but not limited to  (a) Wireless Zone® sales associate rewards programs; (b) customer loyalty 
programs; (c) return and repair programs; and (d) insurance programs.  WZ LLC may add to, eliminate or 
modify these programs at any time.  WZ LLC may deduct, or collect payment of, the fees for these programs 
in the same manner and at the same time WZ LLC deducts or collects payments of Your WZ LLC Royalties.  
10.17
Requests or Information.   You hereby irrevocably grant WZ LLC permission to (a) 
release to Your landlord and lender(s),  and Your prospective landlord(s)and lender(s), any financial or 
operational information relating to Your Store; however, WZ LLC is under no obligation to do so; and (b) 
request information from Your landlord(s) and lender(s). You also irrevocably authorize such landlord(s) 
and lender(s) to respond to any and all questions from WZ LLC and provide WZ LLC with all information 
requested regarding You and Your Store.
11. 
ACCOUNTING AND RECORDS 
11.01. Your Bank Account.  You will open and maintain a bank account for Your Business and 
maintain the account in a bank which can administer wire transfers.  You hereby authorize WZ LLC to 
make wire transfers into and out of the account and agree to sign any documents required by the bank to 
confirm this authorization. 
11.02. Sales Records.  You will record all sales exactly as they are made and maintain accurate 
records, including all data contained in Your computer system and point of sale system.  You agree that 
You will use only those invoices or sales tickets approved by WZ LLC.  Any intentionally false statements 
in these or any other reports provided to WZ LLC by You will be grounds for immediate termination of 
this Agreement. 
11.03. Records and Reports.   
A. 
WZ LLC Records.  WZ LLC has the right to maintain, and to require You to maintain, 
records regarding the operation of Your Store, including but not limited to records of Gross Revenue, 
Purchases, Commissions, Residuals, cost of goods sold, and inventory levels.  WZ LLC has the right to 
derive these records from WZ LLC’s required point-of-sale systems, Provider information, third party 
information and information and records provided by You upon request by WZ LLC. 
B. 
Your Records.  You will maintain and keep for at least five (5) years, or longer as specified 
by WZ LLC, complete and accurate records, electronic documents, or other documents relating to the 
operation of the Store, including but not limited to cash register or point-of-sale receipts, invoices, sales 
and other tax returns and records, bank and financial statements, credit card processing records, and books 
of account.  Financial records will be maintained in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting 
principles (GAAP), which is a set of accounting rules, standards, and procedures issued and frequently 
revised by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB).  You authorize WZ LLC to request and 
receive records related to You and the Store from third parties, including customers, suppliers, and vendors, 
without prior notice to You.  In order to facilitate the proper maintenance of Your records, You agree to 
use computer equipment, sales equipment, devices, displays, point-of-sale systems, and mobile point-of-
sale systems as WZ LLC requires. 
