FDD 2025 (October Amendment)
32 
our company since February 2025.  He has over 5 years of experience in the retail wireless device 
industry.  We will use our staff and third-party trainers who will perform their training duties under 
our supervision.  Most of the individuals performing training will have several years of experience 
with us or our affiliate or have relevant industry experience.  The length of the training may vary, 
and we can waive it in its entirety if you are already operating other Wireless Zone® Stores. 
TRAINING PROGRAM 
Subject 
Hours of 
Classroom 
Training 
Location 
New Franchisee Classroom Training 
The training program is intended to deliver a 
foundation of knowledge to support a new Wireless 
Zone® Franchisee/Owner in the opening and 
operations of their Store(s). The training is conducted 
in a virtual environment. Program topics include 
Sales, Finance, Advertising, Marketing, Product 
Training, Warehouse, Point of Sale, Human 
Resources/Employee Relations, The Customer 
Experience, and Operations Manual. 
Minimum 
of 80  
Virtual 
Total 
Minimum 
of 80 
Item 12  
TERRITORY 
You will operate the Store at a specific location that we and our Provider in your market 
must first approve.  We will designate an area that is a 2-mile radius around the original location 
of your Store as your territory (“Protected Territory”), provided, however, that if your Store is 
located in a city with a population of 350,000 or more persons according to the most recent U.S. 
Census information, the Protected Territory will be a 1-mile radius around the original location of 
your Store.  The exception is that if your Store is in an enclosed shopping mall then the Protected 
Territory is the enclosed shopping mall itself.  A Protected Territory will specifically exclude 
exhibition, convention and/or conference halls and centers.  We reserve the right for ourselves 
and/or our franchisees to exhibit or participate in functions conducted at these types of venues.  A 
Protected Territory will also specifically exclude enclosed shopping malls, whether now existing 
or arising in the future that are otherwise within the description of the Protected Territory, unless 
the Protected Territory is the enclosed mall itself.  We reserve the right to operate ourselves, and/or 
to license our franchisees to operate Wireless Zone® Stores, kiosks, and/or carts in these enclosed 
shopping malls and in non-traditional locations described below.  The Protected Territory of 
another franchisee may overlap with your Protected Territory. 
You may operate only one Store in your Protected Territory.  You do not receive the right 
to acquire additional franchises within your Protected Territory or elsewhere. You will conduct 
from your Store on-site retail sales, telemarketing and direct sales to the general public and small 
businesses within your Protected Territory.  You may only advertise and market your Store in your 
