2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
34 
F. 
You or an Owner of You violate any covenant of confidentiality or non-disclosure 
contained in this Agreement, the Operations Manual, or any applicable agreement between WZ LLC or 
You or an Owner of the Business Organization and WZ LLC’s Provider and vendors. 
G. 
You or an Owner of You open, hold an interest in, or are employed in a business similar to 
the Business in violation of Section 16.01. 
H. 
You, or Your agents and employees, do not report or record all sales, or if audits of the 
Franchise reveal a pattern of understatement of Gross Revenue or Gross Profits, or if You otherwise engage 
in fraudulent or dishonest conduct, including but not limited to:  maintaining false books or records, 
submitting false or misleading information or data to WZ LLC in applications, statements or reports, and 
entering false or misleading information into the point-of-sale system. 
I. 
You or an Owner of You provided WZ LLC with false information, whether written or 
oral, or omitted material information in, or in connection with, Your initial application, any renewal process, 
or in connection with receiving or seeking to receive any benefit from WZ LLC or its affiliates.   
J. 
WZ LLC and its Provider fail to approve a proposed location for Your Store as required 
under Section 4 within one hundred eighty (180) days after the Effective Date. 
K. 
Your landlord retakes possession of the location for Your Store, an eviction proceeding is 
filed against You, or You otherwise lose Your right to possession of the location for Your Store.  
L. 
Your Lease expires during the Term and You do not secure a replacement lease or renewal 
of the lease in accordance with the requirements of Section 4.  
M. 
You receive from WZ LLC four (4) or more defaults notices for violations of this 
Agreement, or the Operations Manual, or any other agreement between You and WZ LLC, regardless of 
whether the defaults are cured.    
N. 
WZ LLC terminates a franchise agreement between You and WZ LLC, or between the 
Owners of You and WZ LLC, or between an affiliate or subsidiary of You and WZ LLC if the termination 
is for cause.  
O. 
You or an Owner of You breach the provisions of Section 14.04 concerning Anti-Terrorism 
Laws. 
P. 
WZ LLC’s Provider withdraws its authorization for You to act as WZ LLC’s subagent for 
Provider’s products and services. 
Q.
You fail to take all actions required by WZ LLC to reduce or eliminate the risk of a data 
security breach, or You fail to notify WZ LLC of a data security breach, or You otherwise fail to comply 
with all conditions under Section 11.05.K.
R. 
You or an Owner of You misuse or make any unauthorized use of the Trademarks. 
S. 
You breach this Agreement in a manner that is not capable of being cured. 
T.
You withhold WZ LLC’s access to any accounting or financial systems or any data 
contained therein, revoke any electronic-funds transfer or direct debt authorization granted to WZ LLC, or 
initiate any stop payments against WZ LLC. 
