 
7 
WIRELESS ZONE®, LLC 
 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION 
 
Wireless Zone®, LLC (WZL or the Company) is a franchisor of Wireless Zone® retail stores.  WZL is engaged in 
the sale of franchises, communication services and equipment in the United States of America.  The Company 
extends credit to all of its franchisees and generally does not require collateral for these credit sales.  The 
Company has entered into a distribution agreement with a wireless service provider to serve as an agent and to 
offer the provider’s services through its franchisees to their customers.  During 2023, management of the 
Company’s parent converted 277 of an affiliate’s storefronts into franchisees of Wireless Zone.  2024 reflects a 
full year of operations of those franchisees. 
 
NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 
Principles of Consolidation:  The consolidated financial statements include the consolidated financial position 
and results of operations of WZL and its subsidiary.  All intra-entity balances and transactions have been 
eliminated in consolidation. 
 
Use of Estimates:  The preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles 
generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions 
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the 
date of the consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the 
reporting period.  Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 
Cash:  The Company maintains its cash in bank deposit accounts, which, at times, may exceed federally insured 
limits.  The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts.   
 
Customer and Franchise Receivables balances are stated at the amount management expects to collect from 
outstanding balances.  Management provides for an allowance for credit losses based on historical losses, 
current economic conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts.  The provision for credit losses is 
included within selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of 
income.  Accounts are written off against the allowance for credit losses when management determines them to 
be uncollectible.  Recoveries from accounts previously written off are recognized as an offset to the allowance for 
credit losses in the year of recovery.  Customer and franchise receivables for the years ended December 31, 
2024, 2023 and 2022 are presented in the balance sheet. For the year ended December 31, 2021, customer and 
franchise receivables were $77,604,634 net of allowance for credit losses of $185,445.  
 
Property and Equipment:  Depreciation and amortization are provided for using straight-line methods over the 
estimated useful lives of the related assets. 
 
Software is amortized over a three to seven-year period.  All other property and equipment is depreciated over a 
five-to seven-year period. 
 
Major renewals and improvements are capitalized, while replacements, maintenance and repairs that do not 
extend the lives of the assets are charged directly to expense as incurred.  Upon the disposition of property and 
equipment, the cost of the asset and the associated accumulated depreciation or amortization are eliminated from 
the related accounts, and any resulting gain or loss is recognized as a component of income or loss. 
 
 
 
