FDD 2025 (October Amendment)
3 
make to consumers in the course of operating your Store and collecting, using and sharing data, 
and wireless telephones and other technology devices.  There are also state and local laws and 
regulations dealing with the repair, disposal, and recycling of technology devices, including 
wireless telephones. 
As part of your business, you may offer credit to your customers to finance certain portions 
of their purchases.  If you offer credit, you must comply with all laws governing the extension of 
credit, including the Consumer Credit Protection Act, the Truth and Lending Act, the Fair Credit 
Reporting Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Debt Collections Practices Act, and the 
Electronic Fund Transfer Act. These laws regulate, among others, how you collect and use 
personal information, the disclosures that must be made to consumers seeking and obtaining credit, 
permissible discrimination in determining creditworthiness and the use of debit and credit cards at 
point-of-sale terminals.  There may also be state and local laws regulating extensions of credit in 
your market.   
You will also have to comply with laws and regulations that apply to businesses generally, 
including obtaining business licenses from local municipalities, and you will need to comply with:  
the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Lanham Trademark Act 
and related laws that prohibit misuse of certain commercial marks of others; state and local laws 
governing various matters, such as zoning regulations, minimum wage, overtime and other 
working conditions, laws applicable to health, sanitation, smoking, safety, consumer privacy laws, 
fire and other matters; the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and Occupational Safety 
and Health Administration regulations; federal and local discrimination, employment, sexual 
harassment, tax and environmental laws; and federal and local laws and regulations relating to 
citizenship or immigration status.  You should investigate the application of these laws.  We may 
require that you sign an agreement to confirm your compliance with federal and state data privacy, 
protection, and security requirements.  A sample agreement we require is attached as Exhibit E, 
Addendum to Franchise Agreement Regarding Compliance with Data Protection and Security of 
Personal Information (Massachusetts).   
Your business is subject to state and federal regulations that allow the government to 
restrict travel and/or require businesses to close during state or national emergencies.  Because 
your business operates from a destination to which your customers must travel, your business can 
be affected by such orders more than others.   
Item 2 
BUSINESS EXPERIENCE 
Chief Executive Officer:  Scott Moorehead
Mr. Moorehead has been our Chief Executive Officer since October 2016.  Since October 
2008, he has held the position of Chief Executive Officer for our affiliate, TCC.  From 2015 to 
June 2024, he served as the Chairman of the Board of Managers for Revive Electronics, LLC, 
d/b/a as Redux, a former affiliate of ours who sells technology for the drying of phone, that is 
located in Fishers, Indiana.  He has also, since 2016, served as the Chief Executive Officer of our 
affiliate Culture of Good and our parent company PYITE.   
