2 
2025 FDD (October Amendment) 
Exhibit E Addendum Re: Data Protection and Security 
PERSONAL INFORMATION PROTECTION POLICIES
The Wireless Zone® franchisee for the above listed store(s) hereby adopts the following Policies relating to 
Personal Information: 
What is Personal Information?  Each employee, contractor, and agent must read the definition of Personal 
Information at the end of these Procedures, and understand what must be protected.   
Limit Collection of Personal Information.  Collect and keep Personal Information only as reasonably 
necessary for the legitimate purposes for which it is collected. 
Retain Personal Information only as Necessary.  When Personal Information is no longer needed for 
legitimate purposes, it should be properly destroyed as soon as possible.  Files and computer records should 
be examined periodically to destroy Personal Information that is no longer needed.  Check with the carrier’s 
requirements for retaining customer records that include Personal Information. 
Limit Access.  Only employees who reasonably need access to Personal Information for legitimate purposes
will be allowed access to such Personal Information.  The responsible person for each store will control keys 
to locks for hard copy files, and passwords and other safeguards for computers so that only authorized 
employees can access Personal Information. 
Paper Records.  All paper records containing Personal Information will be stored in a secured location like 
a safe, locked file, or locked file room. No one will have a key or other means of access to such secure area 
unless such person is authorized to access the Personal Information located there.  It will be the responsibility 
of each employee who has custody of records with Personal Information to be sure that the files are locked 
when not in use, and are otherwise secure at all times.  Once physical records containing Personal Information 
are no longer needed they must be promptly destroyed in a secure manner.  Paper records must be shredded.  
NEVER THROW OUT RECORDS WITH PERSONAL INFORMATION UNLESS THEY HAVE 
FIRST BEEN SHREDDED.  Where large quantities of paper records containing Personal Information are to 
be destroyed, a secure third party shredding service may be used.  Never leave paper records with Personal 
Information lying around, particularly where customers or other persons can see or take them.  
Computers.  All computerized Personal Information must be secured by passwords and only authorized 
employees will have the passwords.   Each person having Personal Information on their computer is responsible 
for securing the computer from unauthorized access whenever the computer is left unattended.  
Special Rules for Laptops.  LAPTOPS CONTAINING PERSONAL INFORMATION SHOULD 
NEVER BE TAKEN FROM THE STORE UNLESS IT IS ABSOLUTELY NECESSARY. 
Don’t Remove Records from the Store.  Records containing Personal Information should not be removed 
from the store unless such removal is both authorized and necessary for legitimate purposes.  If you do take 
records with Personal Information in them out of the store, you must keep them safe.  Do not leave them 
unattended.  For example: do not check luggage containing records that include Personal Information.  Records 
containing Personal Information should not be given to third party carriers or persons for safekeeping, 
transportation or other reasons unless the security of such records can be reasonably assured.  For example, 
records containing Personal Information should never be sent by regular U.S. Mail.  Certified or Registered 
Mail, or nationally recognized couriers such as FedEx or UPS, should be used, in all cases with package 
tracking and signed confirmation of receipt.   
Special rules for Credit Card Information.  Credit card information that constitutes Personal Information 
must be handled in compliance with the requirements of law and the Payment Card Industry Data Security 
Standards.  All employees handling this type of Personal Information must be familiar with these standards. 
Terminated Employees.  If an employee is terminated for any reason such person must immediately surrender 
all tangible or electronic records containing Personal Information, and return all computers, drives and 
documents with Personal Information.  The responsible person will immediately retrieve any keys and change 
any passwords or access codes securing Personal Information, and take all reasonable steps to be sure that the 
terminated employee can no longer access Personal Information.  
