2025 FDD (October Amendment) 
Exhibit I State Addenda and Agreement Riders - Maryland 
WIRELESS ZONE LLC 
MARYLAND ADDENDUM 
In recognition of the requirements of the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law, Annotated 
Code of Maryland, Article – Business Regulation, Title 14, Sections 14-201 through 14-233, the Franchise 
Disclosure Document for Wireless Zone LLC for use in the State of Maryland is amended as follows: 
1. 
Item 17 is supplemented by adding the following language to the “Summary” section of Item 17(c), 
entitled Requirements for franchisee to renew or extend, and Item 17(m), entitled Conditions for 
franchisor’s approval of transfer: 
Any release required as a condition of entering into a subsequent agreement and/or assignment/transfer will 
not apply to any liability we may have under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.  
2. 
Item 17 is supplemented by adding the following language to the end of the “Summary” section of 
Item 17(f), entitled Termination by franchisor with cause: 
Termination upon bankruptcy may not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C. Section 101 
et seq.), however, we and you will enforce the provision to the maximum extent the law allows. 
3. 
Item 17 is supplemented by adding the following language to the end of the “Summary” section of 
Item 17(v), entitled Choice of forum, and Item 17(w), entitled Choice of law: 
, except that you may bring suit in Maryland for any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise 
Registration and Disclosure Law unless otherwise governed by the arbitration provisions of the Franchise 
Agreement. 
4. 
Item 17 is supplemented by adding the following language to the end of Item 17: 
Any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law must be brought within 
3 years after the grant of the franchise.   
Any release required as part of the Agreement or as a condition of the sale, subsequent term, or assignment 
of the franchise will not apply to any liability under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure 
Law.   
Any provision in the Agreement which requires litigation to be conducted in a forum other than the State 
of Maryland will not limit any rights you may have under the Maryland Franchise Registration and 
Disclosure Law to bring suit in the State of Maryland.  
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with 
the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any 
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by a franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
The following are amendments to the Wireless Zone LLC Franchise Agreement required by the State of 
Maryland.   
