2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
8 
5.03. 
Holdover.  WZ LLC reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to extend the time available 
for Your compliance with any of the conditions set forth in Section 5.02, or to waive such conditions 
entirely.  If WZ LLC elects to extend any deadlines for Your compliance, or if You are unable to sign a 
new franchise agreement by the Exercise Date for any reason approved by WZ LLC,  WZ LLC may elect 
to continue this Agreement on a month-to-month basis; provided, however, that during such month-to-
month term either party may give the other party thirty (30) days’ advanced written notice (or such other 
notice as may be required by applicable  law) that it does not wish to continue to extend the Term and, in 
such event, this Agreement will expire on the thirtieth (30th) day after receipt of the notice or, at WZ LLC’s 
election only, the expiration date will be the last day of the same month containing such thirtieth (30th) day.  
Upon any expiration after, or termination during, the month-to-month period under this Section 5.03, the 
post-termination obligations contained in this Agreement will apply and govern the post-termination rights 
of the parties.  If You continue the operation of the Franchise under this Section 5.03, You will pay WZ 
LLC a monthly holdover fee of five hundred dollars ($500), in addition to all other payments called for 
under this Agreement, which WZ LLC will deduct from Your Commissions or Residuals or otherwise 
collect in the same manner and at the same time WZ LLC deducts or collects payments of Your WZ LLC 
Royalty.  Notwithstanding the forgoing, nothing herein implies that You have a right to a holdover or limits 
WZ LLC’s rights and remedies for such holdover, including without limitation WZ LLC’s right to seek 
immediate injunctive relief to enjoin such holdover.   
6. 
ROYALTIES  
6.01. 
WZ LLC Royalty. 
A. 
Payment of Royalty.  In consideration of the rights and licenses granted under this 
Agreement and the continuing services of WZ LLC, You agree to pay to WZ LLC the WZ LLC Royalty. 
As such, You acknowledge and agree that WZ LLC Royalty payments are fully earned upon payment and 
are necessary for Your use of the System and the Trademarks. 
B. 
WZ LLC Royalty Calculation.  The “WZ LLC Royalty” means, for a given calendar month, 
the amount equal to the percentage of Gross Profit owed to WZ LLC as a royalty.  For each dollar of Gross 
Profit in such month, WZ LLC will charge a fixed percentage royalty, where the percentage charged 
decreases as the amount of Gross Profit increases.  A table of the base percentages used to calculate the WZ 
LLC Royalty for each dollar of Gross Profit is attached as Exhibit 1 to this Agreement.  However, if at any 
time You are not in compliance with this Agreement, the Operations Manual or any performance or 
operational standards, and You fail to cure such noncompliance within fourteen (14) days following Your 
receipt of notice of noncompliance from WZ LLC, then for all months (beginning from the date of the 
notice of noncompliance and continuing until the end of the month in which You cure the noncompliance) 
the percentage rate applied to Your Gross Profit to calculate the WZ LLC Royalty will be fixed as the 
highest rate stated on Exhibit 1, rather than the declining percentage based on the actual Gross Profit 
achieved in those months. 
1. 
For illustration purposes only, pursuant to Exhibit 1, if You achieved fifteen thousand 
dollars ($15,000) of Gross Profit in a particular month, the WZ LLC Royalty for the first five thousand 
dollars ($5,000) would be twenty-two percent (22%), the WZ LLC Royalty for the next five thousand 
dollars ($5,000) would be twenty-one and one-half percent (21.5%), and the WZ LLC Royalty for the final 
five thousand dollars ($5,000) would be twenty and one-half percent (20.5%), for a cumulative effective 
WZ LLC Royalty rate of twenty-one and three-tenths percent (21.3%) on the entire fifteen thousand dollars 
($15,000) of Gross Profit in that month.   
2. 
Your WZ LLC Royalty may be decreased through performance incentive programs 
published from time-to-time by WZ LLC at its sole discretion.   
