2025 FDD (October Amendment) 
Exhibit I State Addenda and Agreement Riders - Indiana 
AMENDMENT TO WIRELESS ZONE LLC 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF INDIANA
In recognition of Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Law, IC 23-2-2.7. the parties to the attached 
Wireless Zone LLC Franchise Agreement (the “Agreement”) agree as follows: 
1. 
Section 12.02 of the Agreement, under the heading “Assignment by You”, is supplemented by 
adding the following at the end: 
You cannot be required to prospectively assent to a release, assignment, novation, waiver or estoppel which 
purports to relieve WZ LLC from liability under Indiana Code 23-2-2.7. 
2. 
Section 17 of the Agreement is supplemented by adding the following sentence at the end: 
In no event will this indemnification apply to liability caused by your proper reliance on or use of procedures 
or materials provided by WZ LLC or because of WZ LLC’s negligence. 
3. 
Sections 18.08 - 18.11 of the Agreement are supplemented by adding the following paragraph at 
the end of each section: 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this provision, venue for any cause of action brought under this 
Agreement will be in Indiana pursuant to IC 23-2-2.7-1(10).  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
this provision, the choice of law for any cause of action brought under this Agreement will be subject to 
any superseding provisions contained in Indiana's Franchise Acts, IC 23-2-2.5 and 2.7.  You will be 
permitted to bring actions arising under IC 23-2-2.5 at any time within 3 years from the date of violation 
pursuant to IC 23-2-2.7-7.  
4. 
Each provision of this Amendment will be effective only to the extent that, with respect to the 
provision, the jurisdictional requirement of the Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Law is met 
independently of this Amendment.  WZ LLC does not waive its right to challenge the enforceability of any 
state law that declares void or unenforceable any provision contained in this Agreement.  WZ LLC and you 
will enforce the provisions of this Agreement to the extent permitted by law. 
