FDD 2025 (October Amendment)
16 
vendors of Commissions, Residuals or other sales revenue including: (1) deactivation chargebacks 
for devices returned; (2) fraudulent transaction chargebacks and costs; and (3) agent funded rebates.   
(3) 
You can earn Commissions and Residuals for device and service sales, which are paid according 
to the Commission Schedule described below.  As the Provider’s agent, we receive payment from 
all Commissions and Residuals.  As our franchisee, we will pay to you the amount of Commissions 
per a Commission Schedule and Residuals attributable to the Store, less any applicable deductions 
such as the WZ Royalty, inventory payments and other fees and charges you owe to us.   
“Commissions” means the items listed on the WZ LLC published Commission Schedule for the 
per-sale device and activation compensation paid to WZ LLC by the Provider arising out of your 
sale and activation of Provider’s approved devices, products, accessories, goods, or services at the 
Store. The Commission Schedule may change from time-to-time. Commissions may be charged 
back, if your Store closes, is transferred, or you fail to comply with all Provider policies and 
procedures, or if you fail to meet minimum Provider-imposed performance criteria.  
“Residuals” means the account maintenance fees paid to us either: (i) arising out of accounts 
created before December 1, 2011, on a continuing basis while the account is active, subject to the 
terms of our Provider agreement (“Continuing Residuals”); or (ii) one-time account maintenance 
fees paid upon the activation of an eligible new device (“One-Time Residuals”).  If you purchase 
an existing Store that received Continuing Residuals, you may have the right to continue to receive 
them depending upon our Provider and our policies at the time. Continuing Residuals may cease, 
and One-Time Residuals may be charged back, if your Store closes, is transferred, or if you fail to 
meet minimum Provider-imposed performance criteria. All Residuals are payable according to the 
terms of our Provider agreement and may cease at the Provider’s discretion.  
(4)
We typically pay Commissions and Residuals earned in each calendar month on or about the 1st
business day of the 2nd month following the month in which you earn them.  For example, 
Commissions and Residuals earned in December will be paid on or about the first business day of 
February. 
(5) 
The terms of each program are announced at the beginning of each program period and are subject 
to change at any time upon notice to our franchisees.  The incentives offered under these programs 
apply uniformly to all franchisees who qualify for the incentive. 
(6) 
You must pay a renewal fee at the time of the renewal.   
(7) 
You must pay a transfer fee at the time of transfer. We may reduce the transfer fee if you acquire 
multiple Stores at one time.  Reduction will be determined by the number of Stores that you acquire 
in one purchase. Generally, this reduction will be 50% of the transfer fee. 
(8) 
Additional Training may be offered at our discretion, either for the entire System or for you if we 
determine that you need additional training after the mandatory new franchisee training program is 
completed.  We may deliver additional training programs to you in-person or online or through 
other electronic means.  
(9) 
The fee of up to $2,000 per day and up to $1,000 per location per day may be charged for every 
day and every location of continued non-compliance with the Personal Information section of the 
Provider Compliance Agreement. 
