2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
33 
remedies which WZ LLC may have under this Agreement or at law or in equity, including its right to buyout 
the Business under Section 13.02.   
14. 
DEFAULT AND TERMINATION 
14.01. Immediate Termination.  If any of the following occur, You agree and acknowledge that 
WZ LLC has the right to immediately terminate this Agreement without an opportunity to cure upon Your 
receipt of written notice from WZ LLC: 
A. 
You or an Owner of You who has personally guaranteed the performance of all obligations 
under this Agreement (“Guarantor”), file bankruptcy, become debtors under an involuntary bankruptcy 
proceeding, are subject to a receivership proceeding, adjudicated  insolvent by any judicial or administrative 
proceeding, or enter into any insolvency arrangement unless You and/or Guarantor (i) promptly undertake 
to assume or reaffirm the obligations under this Agreement or to the extent permitted, their guarantee; (ii) 
promptly comply with all conditions as legally may be imposed by WZ LLC upon such an undertaking to 
assume or reaffirm this Agreement or guarantee; (iii) promptly comply with such other conditions and 
provide such assurances as may be required in relevant provisions of the applicable bankruptcy or 
insolvency law; and (iv) in the case of a Guarantor, also promptly provide replacement guarantees or 
security as may be required by WZ LLC; provided, however, that the parties acknowledge that this 
Agreement constitutes a personal service contract and that WZ LLC has relied to a degree and in a manner 
material to this Agreement upon Your personal promises and/or Your directors, officers, shareholders, 
members, or partners, as the case may be, to participate personally on a full-time basis in the management 
and operation of Your Store, and consequently, the parties agree that any attempt by any other party, 
including the trustee in bankruptcy or any third party, to assume or to accept an assignment of this 
Agreement will be void.  For purposes of this Section 14.01.A, “insolvent” means that total liabilities 
exceed total assets, or that You or Guarantor are unable to pay obligations as they come due.  Insolvency 
may be established by applicable law, reference to financial statements or by the payment history 
established with creditors.  
B. 
You or an Owner of You, Transfer, or attempt to Transfer, without satisfying all conditions 
imposed under this Agreement, including seeking and receiving WZ LLC’s and WZ LLC’s Provider’s prior 
written consent, or You issue equity interests in You without WZ LLC’s prior written consent.  
C. 
You abandon the Business or cease to operate it for three (3) consecutive business days or 
five (5) separate business days (which can be non-consecutive) without WZ LLC’s prior written consent 
within any twelve (12) month period, or forfeit or lose the right to transact business in the jurisdiction where 
Your store is located. 
D. 
You or an Owner of You commit an act or conduct Yourself so as to substantially impair 
or jeopardize the goodwill of the Trademarks, the System, the Wireless Zone® brand or WZ LLC, or other 
Wireless Zone® franchisees, including sharing amounts paid to You with another Wireless Zone® franchisee 
or other third party.  
E. 
You or an Owner of You engaged in fraudulent conduct or conduct that WZ LLC 
reasonably believe is likely to have an adverse effect on the System, the Trademarks, the Wireless Zone®
brand, WZ’s relationship with its Provider or vendors, or the goodwill associated with any of the same,  or 
are convicted or plead no contest to:  (i) a felony or misdemeanor that relates to the operation of Your 
Business; or (ii) a felony or misdemeanor that involves moral turpitude, or any other crime or offense that 
WZ LLC believes is reasonably likely to have an adverse effect on the System, the Trademarks, the Wireless 
Zone® brand, WZ LLC’s relationship with its Provider and vendors, or the goodwill associated with any of 
the same. 
