FDD 2025 (October Amendment)
31 
You must access and utilize our Intranet and e-mail system designed for franchisees.  This 
Intranet will be used for, among other things: dissemination of reports, notices, procedures, 
manuals, special promotions and programs, replacing individual e-mails, training, placing orders 
with our warehouse, replacing faxes and phone calls, and posting of current advertisements.   
You must certify PCI compliance on an annual basis, according to the standards we 
establish. Current standards for compliance include completing a PCI self-assessment 
questionnaire, signing, and attestation of compliance and passing an external vulnerability scan 
from a PCI authorized scanning vendor.  You will pay us a monthly maintenance fee of $100-$160 
for monitoring, store system and equipment management, security, and support. 
Training 
Your Store must always be under the direct supervision of an individual who has 
satisfactorily completed our new franchisee training program and other mandatory training 
programs, including at our convention.  Before your Store opens, each person signing the Franchise 
Agreement as franchisee, or each Owner with at least a 20% equity interest in a business entity 
franchisee, or the Store general manager, must complete, to our satisfaction, our mandatory new 
franchisee training program.  If you designate in writing 1 or more employees as general 
manager(s) to supervise the operation of your Store in your stead, then we will also require the 
general manager(s) to attend and complete the mandatory new franchisee training program.  If you 
ever replace the initially approved general manager, then the replacement general manager must 
attend and complete our mandatory new franchisee training program.  If any person does not 
complete the mandatory new franchisee training program to our satisfaction, that person will have 
to repeat the program or portions of it until we are satisfied, or you will have to replace that person 
and the replacement will have to attend and complete our mandatory new franchisee training 
program and any mandatory additional training course(s) to our satisfaction.   
We do not charge any initial training fee for (usually the Owner but sometimes a designated 
general manager) attendance at our mandatory virtual new franchisee training program. You and/or 
your general managers must successfully complete the mandatory new franchisee training within 
120 days of the date of the Franchise Agreement or we may terminate the Franchise Agreement.  
In addition, we may conduct periodic training programs in-person or virtually.  Attendance at these 
meetings may be mandatory.  You must pay the costs for travel, lodging, meals, and salaries for 
the individuals who attend any mandatory, or request, in-person training program.  
We provide our mandatory new franchisee training on an ongoing basis throughout the 
year. We have prepared confidential and proprietary instructional material for use in our training 
program.  We may also require you, your Owners, and your general managers to complete training 
programs offered by any of our chosen learning providers.  Some or all training offered to you will 
be made available online through various web-based and non-web-based platforms.  You will also 
have access to the Wireless Zone® Operations Manual, and while we will review select portions 
of the Operations Manual during the initial training, you can and should refer to the Operations 
Manual to learn the most current practices and procedures for the operation of your Store. Training 
facilities are divided between (a) our corporate offices or a franchised Store; and (b) online or 
through other forms of electronic communication. 
The training program for a new franchisee consists of approximately 80 hours.   The 
training schedule appears below in this Item 11.  Our officer in charge of our initial training 
program is Miguel Chavez, our Director of Learning and Development.  Mr. Chavez has been with 
