2025 FDD (October Amendment) 
Exhibit I State Addenda and Agreement Riders - California 
AMENDMENT TO WIRELESS ZONE LLC 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA
In recognition of the requirements of California law, including the California Franchise Investment Law, 
California Corporations Code, California Civil Code and/or Business and Professions Code, the parties to 
the attached Wireless Zone LLC Franchise Agreement (the “Agreement”) agree as follows: 
1. 
The Agreement is supplemented by adding the following as a new Section at the end: 
20. 
CALIFORNIA AMENDMENT. 
A. 
California Restrictions.   
1. 
California Business & Professions Code Sections 20000 through 20043 provide 
rights to you concerning termination, transfer, and nonrenewal of a franchise.  If this Agreement contains 
a provision that is inconsistent with the law, the law will control.  
2. 
This Agreement contains a covenant not to compete which extends beyond the 
termination of the franchise. A contract that restrains a former franchisee from engaging in a lawful trade 
or business may be void under California Business and Professions Code Section 16600. 
3. 
If this Agreement requires payment of liquidated damages that is inconsistent with 
California Civil Code Section 1671, the liquidated damages clause may be unenforceable. 
4. 
For Franchisees operating outlets located in California, the California Franchise 
Investment Law and the California Franchise Relations Act will apply regardless of the choice of law or 
dispute resolution venue stated elsewhere. Any language in the Franchise Agreement or any amendment 
thereto or any agreement to the contrary is superseded by this condition. 
5. 
This Agreement requires application of the law of the State of Indiana.  This 
provision may not be enforceable under California law.   
6. 
With certain exceptions for actions WZ LLC may bring, the Franchise Agreement 
requires disputes to be resolved by mediation in a location selected by the mediator and by arbitration in 
Indiana, and if litigation is permitted, by litigation in Indiana.  These provisions may not be enforceable 
under California law.  You are encouraged to consult with private legal counsel to determine the 
applicability of California and federal laws (such as California Business and Professions Code Section 
20040.5, Code of Civil Procedure Section 1281, and the Federal Arbitration Act) to any provision of the 
Franchise Agreement restricting venue to a forum outside of the State of California.    
7. 
This Agreement provides for termination upon bankruptcy.  This provision may 
not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C.A. Sec 101 et seq.). 
8. 
You must sign a general release if you enter into a subsequent agreement or transfer 
your franchise.  California Corporations Code Section 31512 voids a waiver of your rights under the 
Franchise Investment Law (California Corporations Code Sections 31000 through 31516).  Business and 
Professions Code Section 20010 voids a waiver of your rights under the Franchise Relations Act (Business 
and Professions Code Sections 20000 through 20043). 
9. 
You must assign to WZ LLC and require that your employees assign to WZ LLC 
rights to inventions created during the term of this Agreement.  Under California Labor Code Sections 2870 
to 2872, this requirement will not apply to an invention that your employee developed entirely on his or her 
