2025 Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
Exhibit 5 Provider Compliance Agreement  
3
licensed or sub-licensed to use in connection with Provider’s Covered CMRS or Equipment relating to Provider’s 
Covered CMRS. 
MDN means the mobile directory number that is received from the North American Numbering Plan Administration 
("NANPA") for the purpose of receiving calls from the Public Switched Telephone Network (“PSTN”).  It is a 
telephone number ("NPA-NXX-XXXX") used to access Covered CMRS and is assigned to a unit of Equipment. 
MIN means the mobile identification number, which is announced to Carriers for the purposes of providing Covered 
CMRS and processing calls on the Facilities of Provider or a Carrier.  A MIN is paired with an MDN for the 
purposes of receiving calls from the PSTN. 
Multi-NAM means a unit of Equipment that contains more than one distinct NAM permitting the loading of more 
than one distinct Numbers. 
NAM means the number assignment module found in a unit of Equipment. 
Number means the MIN and MDN used to provide access to the Covered CMRS. 
Provider means Cellco Partnership d/b/a Verizon Wireless, and its Affiliates.  
Provider Contract means the agreement between WZ LLC and Provider authorizing WZ LLC to exclusively 
market, offer and sell Provider’s Covered CMRS in the Area. 
Provider Agent means any Entity that Provider has authorized to directly or indirectly market Provider’s Covered 
CMRS on its behalf. 
Provider’s Covered CMRS means Covered CMRS offered by Provider in the Area. 
Reseller means any Entity that resells the Covered CMRS of Provider or a Carrier.
Sensitive Personal Information (“SPI”) means the following subset of Highly Confidential Information, where 
identifiable to an individual: 
(a) 
Social Security Number (“SSN”), including the last four (4) digits of SSN; 
(b) 
driver’s license number or other federal or state government issued identification number, including 
state issued ID, work visa, passport and military ID numbers; 
(c) 
health or medical information; 
(d) 
credit card / debit card information; 
(e) 
bank or other financial account information, such as account numbers and ACH information; 
(f) 
access codes, pins, passwords, and challenge responses; 
(g) 
mother’s maiden name; and 
(h) 
date of birth. 
Subscriber means the ultimate user of Provider’s Covered CMRS provided by or through Provider.  Subscriber 
purchases Provider’s Covered CMRS from Provider and is responsible for payment of charges to Provider.  Each 
Number is deemed to be a separate Subscriber; provided, however, that in the case of multi-NAM units of 
Equipment there will be deemed only one Subscriber per unit at any given time regardless of how many Numbers 
are actually attributed to that unit of Equipment.   
Subscriber Information means all non-public information concerning Subscribers including, without limitation, 
the Numbers, Provider’s Covered CMRS account information and Provider’s Covered CMRS usage that you may 
obtain from any source in the course of performance of this Agreement, including any information of a confidential 
or proprietary nature received by you, directly or indirectly, from Provider, or acquired or developed pursuant to 
the provision of Provider’s Covered CMRS and Equipment to Subscribers.  “Non-public information” does not 
include the Subscriber’s name, address and landline telephone number and other telephone numbers, provided that 
such other telephone numbers are not Numbers. 
System means any of Provider’s web-based automated activation system. 
