2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
5 
You expressly appoint WZ LLC as Your attorney-in-fact to discontinue Your use of the foregoing or to 
effectuate an assignment of same to WZ LLC or its designee.  You hereby ratify and approve all acts of 
WZ LLC as Your attorney-in-fact.  This power, being coupled with an interest, is irrevocable during the 
Term and following the termination of this Agreement or the expiration of the Term.  
3.02. 
Provider’s Trademark Sub-License.  WZ LLC grants to You a limited, non-exclusive, 
revocable, and non-transferrable sub-license to use and display the Provider’ trademarks, subject to (i) the 
terms of this Agreement applicable to the Trademarks, (ii) WZ LLC’s control and direction, and (iii) the 
terms of the Provider Compliance Agreement, and in accordance with any other terms or conditions on use 
established by the Provider.  You acknowledge and agree that valuable goodwill belonging solely to the 
Provider to the Provider’ trademarks and that WZ LLC has sub-licensed and will in the future sub-license 
the Provider’ trademarks to other franchisees, sub-agents and to WZ LLC’s affiliates. Following the 
expiration, or earlier termination, of this Agreement, You will immediately discontinue the use of the 
Provider’ Trademarks.    
3.03. 
Use of the Trademarks.  You will conduct Your Business under the name and mark 
“Wireless Zone” or any other name or mark designated by WZ LLC, without any suffix or prefix attached.  
You also agree that You will not display the trademark, service mark, trade name or logo of any other 
person, firm or company in the Store, without the express prior written consent of WZ LLC.  You will not 
use the Trademarks as part of any business entity name or in any unauthorized manner, You will not open 
any vendor accounts using the Trademarks, and You will not make any changes to the Trademarks without 
WZ LLC’s written approval.  You will display the Trademarks according to WZ LLC’s guidelines and 
specifications in the Operations Manual or otherwise and will obtain any fictitious or assumed name 
registrations required by applicable law, noting the fact of Your use of the Trademarks “as a Wireless Zone®
franchisee of Wireless Zone LLC” in the application, and if WZ LLC directs, in any signs displayed at the 
Store, stationery and other materials.  
3.04. 
Change of the Trademarks.  If WZ LLC determines that one or more of its Trademarks 
are no longer viable commercially or legally or determines to modify or change any of its Trademarks for 
any reason, then You agree to change the Trademarks as directed by WZ LLC, at Your sole expense.  This 
may include, but is not limited to, changing signs, graphics, interior trade dress, exterior decor, labels, 
products and supplies.  You agree to participate in all future Trademark transition programs. 
3.05. 
Trademark Prosecution.  WZ LLC will determine whether to institute any trademark 
action and will alone control the litigation related thereto.  You agree to assist WZ LLC in the pursuit of 
such litigation, as WZ LLC may request.  You agree to notify WZ LLC if You become aware of potential 
or actual infringement of WZ LLC’s Trademarks.  You agree to notify WZ LLC promptly of any challenge 
to or litigation instituted by any person or legal entity against You involving WZ LLC’s Trademarks.  If 
WZ LLC, in its sole discretion, undertakes the defense or prosecution of any litigation relating to the 
Trademarks, You agree to sign any and all documents, and to render any assistance reasonably necessary 
to carry out the defense or prosecution.  WZ LLC will indemnify and hold You harmless from any suits, 
proceedings, demands, obligations, actions, or claims, including costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees, for 
any alleged infringement under federal or state trademark law arising solely from Your use of the 
Trademarks in accordance with this Agreement or as otherwise stated by WZ LLC in writing if You have 
promptly notified WZ LLC of the claim and cooperated in the defense of the claim. 
4. 
FRANCHISE LOCATION  
4.01. 
Location Acceptance.  You are entitled to operate the Store at the Location, and only at 
the Location.  The Location must be accepted in writing by WZ LLC and WZ LLC’s Provider.  You agree 
not to enter into any lease or otherwise obligate Yourself to occupy any real property or leasehold until You 
