2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
40 
instrumentality of the government, including but not limited to any court, tribunal, or administrative agency, 
by which You will provide WZ LLC with reasonable advance notice of the disclosure obligation so that 
WZ LLC may act to prevent or limit the disclosure.  You will, at WZ LLC’s expense, reasonably assist WZ 
LLC in any action taken by WZ LLC to limit or prevent a compelled disclosure of Trade Secrets or 
Confidential Information.  
E. 
You will disclose promptly to WZ LLC any new items, systems, software, services, ideas, 
concepts, techniques or material concerning the System or the operation of the Store that You or any of 
Your agents, consultants, or employees create, including promotion and advertising for the Store during the 
Term.  These creations will be deemed works made for hire and WZ LLC will own all rights in them.  If 
these creations do not qualify as works made for hire, by signing this Agreement You assign to WZ LLC 
ownership of any and all rights in these creations and that You have received appropriate consideration for 
this assignment.  WZ LLC and its franchisees and licensees may use any creations or other information 
You provide to WZ LLC in any manner in Your relationship with WZ LLC without any compensation to 
You.  This Section will not apply to creations that You establish through credible evidence were developed 
entirely on Your own time, without assistance of WZ LLC or any other franchisee of WZ LLC, and without 
incorporation of, reliance on, or reference to WZ LLC or the use of the Store’s equipment, supplies, 
facilities or any Trade Secrets or Confidential Information.  
F.
You may provide suggestions, comments or other feedback (collectively, “Feedback”) to 
WZ LLC with respect to the System.  You agree that WZ LLC may use Feedback for any purpose without 
liability or compensation to You or obligation of any kind, and hereby grants WZ LLC an irrevocable, non-
exclusive, perpetual, fully-paid-up, royalty-free, world-wide license to use the Feedback in connection with 
any business activities conducted by WZ LLC or WZ LLC’s affiliates.  
16.03. Non-Circumvent.  You may not engage in direct or indirect discussions or negotiations, 
nor enter into an agency or sub-agency agreement, with any Provider, vendors, or suppliers during the Term 
and for one (1) year after termination, expiration or non-renewal of this Agreement. 
16.04. Legal Relief.  In addition to the equitable relief which WZ LLC can seek for a violation of 
the post-expiration obligations in Article 15 and the non-competition or non-disclosure covenants contained 
in this Article 16, You acknowledge that WZ LLC is entitled to receive as liquidated damages, and not as 
a penalty, the amount of one hundred thousand dollars ($100,000) for each violation of Sections 16.01, 
16.02, or 16.03, plus attorneys’ fees and costs associated with any legal action brought to enforce the 
covenants contained in this Article 16. You agree that the foregoing liquidated damages are a reasonable 
pre-estimate of WZ LLC’s actual damage in the event of such infringement and not a penalty. 
16.05. Application of These Covenants.  The above non-competition covenants will apply to 
You, each Owner of You, officers, directors, and employees and their respective immediate family 
members, which will mean anyone acting in concert or participation with any of the foregoing.  You will 
obtain an agreement containing provisions restricting disclosure of Trade Secrets and Confidential 
Information, competition, and providing for the assignment of new developments, to the same extent as set 
forth in this Agreement including specific identification of WZ LLC as a third party beneficiary of the 
agreement, with the independent right to enforce it, from each manager of Your Store and any other parties 
as WZ LLC may request. 
17. 
INDEMNIFICATION. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless WZ LLC, its officers, 
directors, principals, employees, attorneys and representatives (collectively the “Indemnitees”) from and 
against any and all claims, liabilities or costs incurred by the Indemnitees, including attorneys’ fees, (i) in 
the defense of any claim brought against them, or any action in which they are named as a party, arising 
out of any action or omission by  You or Your employees or agents, (ii) as a result of any activities occurring 
