2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
1 
WIRELESS ZONE LLC 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
This FRANCHISE AGREEMENT (the “Agreement"), dated as of the Effective Date, is entered 
into between Wireless Zone LLC, a Connecticut limited liability company (“WZ LLC”) and [ENTITY OR 
INDIVIDUAL NAME] (“You”, “Your” or “Franchisee”).  Natural persons having an ownership interest in 
You are called an “Owner” and collectively “Owners.”  WZ LLC strongly encourages You to read this 
Agreement carefully and with the assistance of a professional advisor familiar with franchising and 
franchise agreements.  The “Effective Date” is defined in Section 5.01. 
1. 
THE FRANCHISE
1.01. 
Grant.  Subject to all terms and conditions of this Agreement, WZ LLC grants to You a 
Wireless Zone® franchise located at [STORE LOCATION] (the “Location”) and identified as WZ-[XXX] 
(the “Franchise”) during the Term.  You may be entitled to renew the Franchise in accordance with the 
conditions set forth in Section 5.02.    
1.02. 
Franchise Fee.  You agree to pay to WZ LLC an initial franchise fee of [twenty-five 
thousand / one thousand dollars ($[25,000.00 / 1,000.00]).  If You are signing this Agreement as part of the 
renewal of a franchise already in operation, You must pay a renewal franchise fee of one thousand dollars 
($1,000).  The initial franchise fee is due no later than the date on which You sign this Agreement.  The 
franchise fee is fully earned upon You signing this Agreement, as You obtain immediate access to WZ 
LLC’s Confidential Information, Trade Secrets (each as defined below), the trademarks, and the System. 
Unless WZ LLC otherwise agrees Your initial franchise fee will not be refunded or excused for any reason, 
except as described in Section 4.01.   
1.03. 
Initial Inventory.  You agree to purchase from WZ LLC, or an approved supplier of WZ 
LLC, prior to the initial opening of the Franchise, the amount of inventory required by WZ LLC, which 
will be subject to WZ LLC’s first priority security interest under Section 10.14.  This provision is not 
applicable if You are signing this Agreement as part of the renewal of a franchise.  If You are signing this 
Agreement as part of the acquisition of an existing franchise, this provision will be superseded by the initial 
inventory requirement set forth in the Transfer and Consent Agreement entered into by and among WZ 
LLC, You and the transferring franchisee. All amounts owed for inventory will be paid by You to WZ LLC 
in advance of delivery, unless WZ LLC agrees otherwise.   
1.04. 
Guaranty. Each of Your Owners must sign a Guaranty of Performance in the form 
attached hereto as Exhibit 2.  You must ensure that any general manager who will operate the Franchise on 
Your behalf signs an agreement restricting disclosure of Confidential Information, competition and 
providing for the assignment of new developments to the same extent as set forth in this Agreement.   
1.05. 
Protected Territory.  Provided that You are not in default of this Agreement or in violation 
of the Operations Manual or any other applicable policy, program, obligation or agreement, then during the 
Term (as defined in Section 5.01), WZ LLC will not grant a franchise for the right to operate a Wireless 
Zone® retail store that is physically located within the Protected Territory, which is defined as the area 
within a two (2) mile radius of the Location; provided, however, that (i) if the Location is in a city or 
metropolitan area with a population of three hundred fifty thousand (350,000) or more persons according 
to the most recent U.S. Census information as of the Effective Date, the Protected Territory will be reduced 
to a one (1) mile radius of the Location, and (ii) in all cases, the Protected Territory excludes any exhibition, 
convention and conference halls and centers, airports, and enclosed shopping malls (provided that the 
