2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
36 
Your or Your Owners’ assets under the Anti-Terrorism Laws, will constitute good cause for immediate 
termination of this Agreement. 
15. 
RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF PARTIES UPON EXPIRATION OR TERMINATION 
15.01. Your Obligations.  Upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason, 
You will peacefully leave the Store premises to the possession of WZ LLC, without any formal demand or 
notice to You, unless WZ LLC notifies You expressly that it will not assume the operation of Your Store.  
In addition, upon expiration or termination, You will immediately: 
A. 
Pay all WZ LLC Royalty fees and all other charges or money owed to WZ LLC, including 
without limitation charge-backs, warehouse account balances, interest charges and indemnity obligations. 
B. 
Reimburse WZ LLC for any Provider charge-backs for signs and Store build-out 
allowance, including any out-of-pocket expenses. 
C. 
Pay all rents due to Your landlord through the expiration or the date of termination of this 
Agreement. 
D.
Establish a reserve (which may include using trailing Commissions and Residuals, and 
based on historical data) to be held by WZ LLC for charge-backs incurred during the six (6) month period 
following termination or expiration (the “Reserve”).  WZ LLC will have the right to offset against the 
Reserve all amounts that You owe to WZ LLC. 
E. 
Cease to hold Yourself out as a Wireless Zone franchisee, and cease to use the Trademarks, 
System and System materials, including the trade dress, and cease all forms of advertising, including meta 
tags, links and frames.  Continued use of the Trademarks and/or the System, including the trade dress, 
subsequent to expiration or termination subjects You to damages for infringement, which WZ LLC may 
collect at Your cost and expense under applicable law.  Due to the fact that such damages are difficult to 
calculate, You agree that for each day You infringe upon the Trademarks and/or the System, including the 
trade dress, WZ LLC is entitled to one thousand dollars ($1,000) as liquidated damages and not as a penalty. 
The foregoing liquidated damages are a reasonable pre-estimate of WZ LLC’s actual damages in the event 
of such infringement. 
F. 
Return all copies of the Operations Manual, all other manuals, books, forms, invoices and 
other documentation, or signs, kiosks, displays, and any other materials containing the Trademarks or 
otherwise identifying or relating to a Wireless Zone® location and materials bearing trademarks of the 
Provider. 
G. 
Return, in good and usable condition, all signs, kiosks and displays and any other items 
that are owned by WZ LLC.  You hereby appoint WZ LLC as Your attorney-in-fact to remove these signs, 
kiosks, displays and other property of WZ LLC.  You may, at WZ LLC’s election, be responsible to WZ 
LLC for the entire cost of any signs, kiosks, displays and other items owned by WZ LLC and for their 
removal and return to WZ LLC.  You hereby ratify and approve all acts of WZ LLC as Your attorney-in-
fact under this Section 15.01.G and Sections 15.01.I and 15.01.L below.  This power, being coupled with 
an interest, is irrevocable during the Term and post termination where required by this Agreement. 
H. 
At the option of WZ LLC: 
1. 
Remove (or cause to be removed) all privately owned signs, fixtures, displays,  
inventory and other indicia of Wireless Zone, its Provider, suppliers and vendors from the Store premises.  
