FDD 2025 (October Amendment)
8 
The initial franchise fee is the same for all franchisees under this Disclosure Document 
except as described above, and except if we negotiate the initial franchise fee: (i) with franchisees 
who have prior wireless retail management or ownership experience, either with Wireless Zone®, 
or another agent of our Provider, or a competitor of our Provider; or (ii) if the franchisee evidences 
comparable circumstances or considerations as in clause (i).   
In 2024, we granted franchises with initial franchise fees ranging from $0 to $1,000.  
Initial Product Inventory 
Before you initially open your Store, you must purchase inventory that meets our 
requirements.  We may require you to purchase this inventory from us.  If you are acquiring an 
existing Store, we may require you to update or increase the inventory at the Store before assuming 
operational control. We typically require between $50,000 and $75,000 of initial inventory, and 
between $35,000 and $75,000 of inventory when an existing Store is transferred.  We will also 
require you to pay for shipping and handling, costs of which will vary.  The actual amount of 
inventory you must purchase to open your Store will vary based on the size of your Store, 
anticipated customer buying patterns, the current market price for equipment and accessories and 
technological innovations beyond our control. We may offer financing for your initial inventory, 
on credit terms as described in Item 10, or we may require payment in full before shipment, with 
payment delivered electronically via Automated Clearing House (“ACH”) or Electronic Funds 
Transfer (“EFT”).  Payment for all inventory is due at the time of purchase and non-refundable, 
except we may repurchase usable inventory if we terminate your Franchise Agreement.     
Signs, Fixtures, Computers, Displays, Kiosk, and Traffic Monitoring System 
Before you open or assume operation of your Store, you must order from us, the signs, 
fixtures, displays, traffic counter monitoring and reporting system, unless we decide to approve 
other vendors for any of these items.  You must also order from us all products, services or other 
items included in what we refer to as the “Point of Sale Environment” unless we decide to approve 
other vendors for any of these items.  This includes your point of sale systems and related 
technology and infrastructure, and all equipment, hardware, software and other items or services 
we require you to use to operate your Store or kiosk, including to facilitate and record customer 
transactions, manage sales data, monitor your inventory, and generate reports.  You must also use 
us to install, set-up and maintain the Point of Sale Environment, unless we decided to approve 
other vendors for any of these services and you must use all PCI compliance services we require, 
whether performed by us or a third party. The cost of each item varies as follows:  the exterior 
signage, between $15,000 and $50,000; fixtures, including installation, carpets, paint, and related 
hardware, between $50,000 and $120,000; Point of Sale Environment, including point of sale 
system, hardware, related equipment and set up, between $7,000 and $9,000; and the traffic 
monitoring system installation costs are between $1,500 and $2,000.  We may also require that 
within 6 months of an acquisition you remodel the Store or upgrade the existing fixtures, displays, 
signs and Point of Sale Environment, including all technology and equipment, to meet our then-
current system standards.  For items ordered from us, or if you authorize us to order on your behalf, 
you must pay us within 30 days of receiving an invoice from us with payment to be made via 
check, ACH or EFT or by business (not personal) credit card.  Payment is non-refundable.   
Sales Tax, Use Tax, Gross Receipts Tax, and Excise Tax 
You must pay any sales tax, use tax, gross receipts tax, excise tax, or other similar tax on 
your payments to us.  We may collect these taxes from you for transmittal to the taxing authority.  
