FDD 2025 (October Amendment)
26 
in advance or on a special term basis.  The form of Security Agreement you will sign to obtain this 
financing is attached as Exhibit 3 to the Franchise Agreement.  The agreement grants us a security 
interest in all your assets, including your equipment, inventory, and franchise business, to secure 
repayment of your obligations to us, both for inventory and under any other agreement you have 
with us.  If you default, we can require that you assemble your assets and make them available to 
us so that we can take possession of the assets and sell them to recoup all costs, including any 
attorneys’ fees we may incur in enforcing our rights and obtaining payment of amounts you owe 
us.  The Agreement provides that you waive all rights to notice and defenses other than payment 
in full.  If we must bring an action against you, we can do so in Indiana, under Indiana law, and 
you waive any right to a trial by jury or to object to the venue of the action.   
  You will sign an agreement allowing us to initiate an EFT from your account for payment 
of any obligations you owe us.  The transfer authorization is attached as Exhibit 4 to the Franchise 
Agreement.   
We may also adopt a program in the future to offer third-party financing for your equipment 
purchases.  We have established a referral relationship with a third-party lender, Ascentium Capital 
LLC (“Ascentium”), a division of Regions Bank, an Alabama banking corporation, which may 
offer financing to you in the form of equipment finance agreements (“EFA”) with terms of 12, 24, 
36, 48 and 60 months for many of the items and services you are required to purchase to open and 
operate your Store.  Typically, franchisees choose terms of 36, 48 or 60 months.  The financing 
term you select is intended to target a monthly payment amount, meeting the cash flow needs you 
project for your business. Rates range from 8.5% to 10.50% depending on a customer’s credit 
profile and term selected.  Rates may change. Your monthly payments will vary based on the 
amount you finance, market conditions, the strength of your credit, collateral quality, and term of 
the EFA. Generally, Ascentium will not require a down payment, but may require one or more 
payments in advance.   
If you are approved for this financing, you will sign an EFA and you will have to pledge 
the assets for your Store as collateral for the EFA.  For most franchisees, You and any other Owner 
of the franchise must personally guarantee repayment of the EFA.  The EFA may be prepaid in 
full (but not in part), subject to a prepayment fee, which is between 1%-5% of the principal balance 
depending upon the prepayment date. You will be charged a late fee of 10% of the payment amount 
on any late payments.  If you fail to pay any amount owing when due, or if you stop doing business 
or breach any other obligation in the EFA, Ascentium may declare all remaining payments under 
the EFA to be immediately due and payable, discounted at 3% per annum.  After you default, 
Ascentium can take possession of the assets and sell them, and you will be liable for any 
deficiency.  If they bring an action against you, they can bring that action in Jefferson County, 
Alabama, and you waive your right to a trial by jury and the right to object to them bringing the 
action in Alabama.  The EFA documents are governed by applicable federal law and the laws of 
Alabama.  You may also be required to reimburse Ascentium for all costs they incur in enforcing 
their rights, including attorney’s fees and costs of repossession, repair, storage, and remarketing 
of the assets.  In addition, after default, Ascentium may charge you interest on past due amounts 
at 18% per annum.  A sample of the Ascentium EFA and Prepayment Addendum are attached as 
Exhibit D. 
We do not receive direct or indirect payments from placing financing. 
