FDD 2025 (October Amendment)
7 
Item 5  
INITIAL FEES 
Initial Franchise Fee 
You will pay us an initial franchise fee which varies from $25,000 to $1,000 based on your 
level of experience in the wireless and wireline sales industry and/or the location of your Store 
according to the following chart:   
Experience or Location 
Amount 
Remarks 
Standard initial franchise fee
$25,000
For an existing Wireless Zone®
franchisee in good standing 
acquiring an additional new, 
start-up franchise. 
$1,000 
If you are an existing Wireless Zone® franchisee in 
good standing and you purchase an additional new, 
start-up Wireless Zone® franchise, the initial 
franchise fee is $1,000.  This reduced franchise fee 
is offered to 40% Owners of an existing Wireless 
Zone® franchisee who will also own at least 40% of 
the additional franchise or of the ownership 
interests in the franchisee entity acquiring the 
additional franchise.  You must meet all our 
qualifications under the Franchise Agreement. 
For an existing wireless 
telephone business that sells 
similar products and services of 
the Wireless Zone® Provider and 
converts an existing retail 
operation into a Store. 
$1,000 
This fee applies if you convert a currently operating 
retail outlet into a Wireless Zone® Store and is 
available only at the time of the initial conversion 
of the store.  Any new stores, or additional stores 
you acquire or open, will be subject to the standard 
franchise fees for new stores.   
We are a subscriber to the Vet*Fran program of the International Franchise Association. 
Under that program, in addition to our criteria for new franchisees, if you are an honorably 
discharged veteran you are entitled to a discount of 50% on the standard initial franchise fee.  If 
you are a business entity, the veteran must be a 51% Owner of the entity to be entitled to this 
discount.  This Vet*Fran discount may not be combined with any other discount or incentive offer 
and is limited to 1 discount per individual or franchisee entity.  We may terminate this program at 
any time.    
Payment of the initial franchise fee is due in full when you sign the Franchise Agreement.  
All initial franchise fees are fully earned by us when you sign the Franchise Agreement and are 
non-refundable except as discussed below.   
If you are unable to identify a site for your Store that is approved by us and by the Provider 
within 180 days of the effective date of your Franchise Agreement, we have the right to either: (i) 
terminate the Franchise Agreement or (ii) allow you an additional 180 days to find an approved 
site.  If we terminate your Franchise Agreement, we may refund to you the initial franchise fee 
you paid, less our expenses incurred to the date of termination, if you sign a general release.  If we 
allow you an additional 180 days to find a site, and you are unable to do so within the additional 
time, you will not receive a refund of any initial franchise fees paid to us.  
