2025 FDD (October Amendment) 
Exhibit I State Addenda and Agreement Riders - Minnesota 
WIRELESS ZONE LLC 
MINNESOTA ADDENDUM 
In recognition of the requirements of the Minnesota Franchises Act, Minnesota Statutes 1996, Chapter 80C, 
Sections 80C.01 through 80C.22, the Franchise Disclosure Document for Wireless Zone LLC for use in the 
State of Minnesota is amended as follows: 
1. 
Item 13 is supplemented by adding the following language to the end: 
To the extent required by the Minnesota Franchises Act, we will protect your right to use the trademarks, 
service marks, trade names, logotypes or other commercial symbols, or will indemnify you from any loss, 
costs or expenses arising out of any claim, suit or demand regarding the use of the marks, provided you are 
using the names and marks in accordance with the Franchise Agreement. 
2. 
Item 17 is supplemented by adding the following language to the end: 
Minn. Stat. Section 80C.21 and Minn. Rule 2860.4400J prohibit us from requiring litigation to be conducted 
outside Minnesota, requiring waiver of a jury trial, or requiring the franchisee to consent to liquidated 
damages, termination penalties or judgment notes.  In addition, nothing in the Disclosure Document or 
Franchise Agreement can abrogate or reduce any of your rights as provided for in Minnesota Statutes, 
Chapter 80C, or your rights to any procedure, forum or remedies provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction.  
Minnesota law provides franchisees with certain termination and nonrenewal rights.  We will comply with 
Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.14, Subds. 3, 4 and 5 that require, except in certain specified cases, that a franchisee 
be given 90 days' notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) and 180 days' notice for nonrenewal of the 
Franchise Agreement with sufficient opportunity to recover the fair market value of the franchise as a going 
concern, and that consent to the transfer of the franchise not be unreasonably withheld. 
We are prohibited from requiring you to assent to a release, assignment, novation or waiver that would 
relieve any person from liability imposed by Minnesota Statutes Sections 80C.01 to 80C.22, providing that 
these prohibitions will not bar the voluntary settlement of disputes.   
We will comply with Minnesota Statute Section 80C.17 Subd. 5 with respect to limitation of claims. 
3. 
Item 17 is supplemented by adding the following language to the end of the “Summary” section of 
Item 17(c) entitled Requirements for franchisee to renew or extend and Item 17(m) entitled Conditions 
for franchisor’s approval of transfer: 
We cannot require you to sign a release of claims under the Minnesota Franchises Act as a condition to 
enter into a subsequent agreement or assignment. 
4. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under 
any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by a franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
5. 
Each provision of this Minnesota Addendum to the Disclosure Document will be effective only to 
the extent that, with respect to the provision, the jurisdictional requirement of the Minnesota Franchises Act 
is met independently without reference to this Minnesota Addendum.   
