2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
7 
B. 
Your Other Obligations.  Not later than the Exercise Date (as defined below), You must:   
1.
Demonstrate to WZ LLC that You have entered into, or are operating under, a lease 
for the Location that is consistent with the requirements of Section 4.02.  Such lease must have a 
term that runs for, or may be renewed for, at least three (3) years after the expiration of the Term;   
2. 
Demonstrate that You have paid in full all obligations due and owing to WZ LLC 
or its affiliates, and that You are current on all outstanding obligations and in compliance with the 
terms of all agreements governing such obligations;   
3. 
Demonstrate that You are not currently in default of this Agreement, or the 
Operations Manual, or any applicable policies, programs, or agreements;   
4. 
Demonstrate that You are not currently in default of Your Lease;  
5.
Be current in Your obligations to all vendors, suppliers, lenders or other third 
parties; 
6.
Demonstrate that You have not received three (3) or more default notices from WZ 
LLC during the Term;   
7.
Receive approval to continue as a sub-agent of WZ LLC’s Provider, as applicable; 
8. 
As required by WZ LLC, enter into any agreements, and make all arrangements 
necessary to renovate, re-image and modernize the Store in order to meet WZ LLC’s then-
prevailing design criteria.  You will expend all monies reasonably necessary to complete such 
renovation and modernization according to the schedule approved by WZ LLC;   
9. 
As required by WZ LLC, upgrade the computer hardware and software and 
computerized point of sale system in order to meet WZ LLC’s then prevailing specifications. You 
will acquire all such items only from a WZ LLC approved supplier and You will expend all monies 
reasonably necessary to complete such upgrade according to the schedule approved by WZ LLC; 
and  
10. 
Sign the Expiration of Agreement form, attached to this Agreement as Exhibit 6, 
or other form prescribed by WZ LLC which includes a general release of any and all claims, 
whether known or unknown, against WZ LLC, its parent, subsidiaries or affiliates (if applicable) 
and their officers, directors, attorneys, shareholders, members, employees and agents in WZ 
LLC’s/their corporate and individual capacities. 
C. 
Sign Current Form of Agreement.  If You have met all criteria set forth in Sections 5.02.A 
and 5.02.B, then WZ LLC will offer You the then-current form of franchise agreement for Your signature.  
You must enter into WZ LLC’s then-current form of franchise agreement not later than three (3) months 
before the expiration of this Agreement (the “Exercise Date”).  The then-current form of franchise 
agreement may contain materially different terms and obligations than this Agreement.   
D.
Renewal Fee.  You must pay a renewal fee of one thousand dollars ($1,000) at the time 
You return the signed franchise agreement to WZ LLC, but no later than the expiration date of this 
Agreement. You acknowledge the renewal fee is fully earned upon You signing the then-current form of 
franchise agreement as You obtain immediate and renewed access to WZ LLC’s confidential Trade Secrets, 
trademarks, and the System.  As such, Your renewal fee will not be refunded or forgiven for any reason. 
