2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
11 
Provider or any supplier or vendor to WZ LLC that may be distributed to You.  Gross Revenue will not, 
however, include: (x) certain incentives and/or short-term sales program compensation paid by WZ LLC; 
(y) market development funds; and (z) co-op advertising funds.   
H. 
“Payment Month” means the second month following the month for which the WZ LLC 
Royalty is payable or the Commission or Residual is earned (e.g., Commissions and Residuals earned in 
August, and the WZ LLC Royalty payable for August, are paid in October).   
I. 
“Residuals” means the account maintenance fees paid to WZ LLC either: (i) arising out of 
accounts created before December 1, 2011 on a continuing basis while the account is active, subject to the 
terms of our Provider agreement (“Continuing Residuals”); or (ii) one-time account maintenance fees paid 
upon the activation of an eligible new device (“One-Time Residuals”).  All Residuals are payable according 
to the terms of our Provider agreement and may cease at the Provider’s discretion. 
6.04. 
New Programs; Additional Benefits.  WZ LLC reserves the right in its sole discretion, to 
charge You for programs, marketing efforts, products, services or other revenue generating opportunities, 
that WZ LLC or its Provider makes available to You through the System.  From time-to-time, WZ LLC 
may announce, in its sole discretion, additional incentive programs or rebates available to You provided 
You are in compliance with the terms of this Franchise Agreement. WZ LLC reserves the right to modify 
or terminate such programs, marketing efforts, products, services or other revenue generating opportunities 
or additional incentive programs or rebates at any time upon notice to You. Notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in this Agreement, WZ LLC reserves the right to receive rebates, incentives, special program 
funds and other payments from its Provider, vendor(s), supplier(s) and others in connection with the 
purchase, sale, re-sale, sale to consumers, use and distribution of any devices, products, accessories, goods 
and services and, at WZ LLC’s sole discretion, to retain and use such payments for WZ LLC’s own purposes 
without distribution to You. 
6.05. 
Withholding Commissions and Residuals.  During any period that You or, or in the case 
of an entity, any member, shareholder or owner of Yours (collectively, an “Owner”) are in default under 
this Agreement or any other agreement between You or any of Your Owners and WZ LLC, WZ LLC may 
hold the Commissions and Residuals, and other amounts WZ LLC receives from its Provider that are 
payable to You, after WZ LLC deducts any amounts due to WZ LLC, until You or Your Owners have cured 
the defaults to the satisfaction of WZ LLC or until this Agreement is terminated.  On termination or 
expiration of this Agreement, You authorize WZ LLC to use any such withheld amounts to pay any 
remaining amounts owed to WZ LLC or to any third parties in connection with Your Store (such as vendors 
and landlords).  After termination or expiration of this Agreement, WZ LLC may continue withholding for 
these purposes from amounts accrued before termination or expiration until the later of: (a) receipt by WZ 
LLC of confirmation that all amounts owed by You to third parties in connection with Your Store have 
been paid in full; or (b) nine (9) months after the date of termination or expiration, as applicable.  Third 
party creditors of Yours are not intended beneficiaries of this Agreement and do not have any right to 
compel WZ LLC to make payment to them.  WZ LLC will not be liable to You for any payment it may 
make to a third party under this Section 6.05.  No Commissions, Residuals, or other amounts will accrue to 
You following termination or expiration of this Agreement.   
7. 
MARKETING, PROMOTION AND ADVERTISING   
7.01. 
Cooperative Advertising Funds.   
A. 
WZ LLC may receive from its Provider funds for cooperative advertising, which may be 
retained by WZ LLC or used by WZ LLC to pay for: (i) local or regional advertising, (ii) public relations 
or promotional campaigns or programs which promote and enhance the quality image, identity and 
