2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
16 
terminating all such employees.  WZ LLC will have no right or obligation to direct Your employees.  WZ 
LLC’s ability to approve certain matters, to inspect the Business and its operations, and to enforce its rights, 
exists only to the extent necessary to protect its interest in the System and the Trademarks. Neither the 
retention nor the exercise of these rights is for the purpose of establishing any control, or the duty to take 
control, over those matters that are clearly reserved to You. Your employees are not WZ LLC’s agents or 
employees and WZ LLC is not a joint employer of these individuals. You are responsible for performing 
all administrative functions at the Business, including payroll and providing workers’ compensation 
insurance. You acknowledge that You are not economically dependent on WZ LLC, and that WZ LLC does 
not provide facilities, equipment,  house, or transport Your employees or provide to Your employees’ tools 
or materials required for Your employees to perform services for You.
B. 
General Manager. If You are unable to devote the minimum required time to manage the 
Franchise, then You must designate a general manager to manage and operate the Franchise. WZ LLC has 
the right to approve the general manager, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld.  You must ensure 
that any general manager signs an agreement restricting disclosure of Confidential Information, 
competition, and providing for the assignment of new developments to the same extent as set forth in this 
Agreement.  If, for any reason, You replace the designated general manager, such replacement must be 
approved by WZ LLC subject to the requirements of this Section 10.03.B, and any other requirements 
contained in this Agreement for the general manager. 
C. 
Full-Time Efforts.  You, or any natural person holding a controlling interest in You, if You 
are an entity, or if You have a designated general manager for the Business, then such general manager, 
will devote their full-time attention to managing, operating, and developing the Franchise.   
D. 
Customer Service Obligations.  You will address customer service issues in accordance 
with WZ LLC’s and the Provider’ guidelines and cooperate with other Wireless Zone franchisees in 
resolving customer service issues.  You grant to WZ LLC the right to resolve, in WZ LLC’s sole discretion, 
any bona fide customer complaint or customer service issues both with customers and other Wireless Zone 
franchisees which come to WZ LLC’s attention and which You cannot first remedy in a timely manner.  
You will reimburse WZ LLC and/or the customer or other franchisee for any charges, credits, or refunds 
which WZ LLC determines, in WZ LLC’s sole discretion, should be made.  Reimbursement may be made 
by way of deduction from Commissions due You by WZ LLC.
10.04. Insurance.  Before the commencement of Your business operations under this Agreement 
You will obtain and maintain at Your expense, an insurance policy or policies sufficient to satisfy the terms 
and obligations arising out of this Agreement to protect You, WZ LLC, and its affiliates, and their respective 
officers, directors, partners, shareholders, members, agents, and employees against any demand or claim 
for personal injury, death, or property damage, or any loss, liability, or expense whatsoever arising or 
occurring upon or in connection with Your Store.  This insurance must be in full force and effect at all times 
during the Term, including any holdover period and, at a minimum, include, but not be limited to, 
comprehensive general liability insurance and Worker’s Compensation in the minimum amount required 
by law and as specified in the Operations Manual.  The policies must be written by an A-rated carrier or 
carriers acceptable to WZ LLC and must include the interests of WZ LLC and its affiliates to be noted as 
additional insured.  Nothing contained in this Agreement or in the Operations Manual will be construed as 
a representation by WZ LLC that the insurance You obtain will insure You against any and all insurable 
risks of loss which may or can arise out of or in conjunction with the operation of Your Store.  You should, 
therefore, evaluate Your insurance needs with an independent advisor.
A. 
WZ LLC’s Insurance.  Your obligation to obtain and maintain the policy or policies in the 
amounts specified is not limited in any way by reason of any insurance which may be maintained by WZ 
