5 
2025 FDD (October Amendment) 
Exhibit C Agreement and Conditional Consent to Transfer 
out of or related to a breach of any representation or warranty in this Agreement, or a breach of any obligations or 
provisions of this Agreement, by Franchisee, its officers, directors, members, principals, employees, 
representatives, successors and assigns. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Franchisee, jointly and 
severally with Transferee, agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Franchisor, its officers, directors, principals, 
employees, attorneys and representatives from and against any claims, losses, liabilities or damages arising out of 
or related to (a) the Transfer or (b) any dispute between Franchisee and Transferee regarding the Transfer.  
B. 
Transferee agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Franchisor, its officers, directors, 
principals, employees and representatives from and against any claims, losses, liabilities, costs or damages arising 
out of or related to a breach of any representation or warranty in this Agreement, or a breach of any obligations or 
provisions of this Agreement, by Transferee, its officers, directors, members, principals, employees, representatives, 
successors and assigns. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Transferee, jointly and severally with 
Franchisee, agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Franchisor, its officers, directors, principals, employees, attorneys 
and representatives from and against any claims, losses, liabilities or damages arising out of or related to (a) the 
Transfer or (b) any dispute between Transferee and Franchisee regarding the Transfer.  
9. 
Non-Disclosure. Franchisor, Franchisee and Transferee agree to treat the existence and terms of this 
Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby, and any communications, documents or agreements in 
connection herewith as “Confidential Information” as defined in the Existing Franchise Agreement and New 
Franchise Agreement, respectively, and to abide by the obligations contained in the Existing Franchise Agreement 
and New Franchise Agreement with respect thereto.  
10. 
Additional Representations and Warranties.   Franchisor, Franchisee and Transferee, separately and for 
themselves individually, represent and warrants that as of the Effective Date: (i) it is a legal entity duly organized 
and validly existing under the laws of its state and/or country of incorporation, as applicable; (ii) it has the power 
and authority to enter into and accept the terms and conditions of this Agreement, (iii) as a corporation or limited 
liability company it has duly authorized its representative and that each such representative has the right and 
authority to enter into and to accept the terms and conditions of this Agreement on behalf of the corporation or 
limited liability company; and (iv) the execution, delivery and performance by it of this Agreement and its 
compliance with the terms and provisions hereof does not and will not conflict with or result in a breach of any 
other agreement or relationship by a party with any other party.  
11. 
Severability. If any provision of this Agreement will be declared illegal or unenforceable, in whole or in 
part, for any reason whatsoever, the remaining provisions are nevertheless deemed valid and binding.  
12. 
Waiver.  The waiver by any Party of any breach or violation of any provision of this Agreement will not 
operate or be construed as a waiver of any other or subsequent breach or violation hereof.  
13. 
Entire Understanding. This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding of the Parties for the subject 
matter hereof, and may be amended only by a writing signed by all Parties hereto.  This Agreement will be binding 
upon each signatory, and their respective heirs, executors, successors and assigns. 
14. 
Governing Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Indiana without 
application of the principles of conflicts of law.  Each of the Parties hereto irrevocably consents to the personal 
jurisdiction of the Federal and state courts of the State of Indiana, County of Marion, for any matter arising out of 
or relating to this Agreement, and each party agrees that any litigation concerning this Agreement or arising out of 
or relating to this Agreement shall be commenced exclusively in such courts, except that in any action seeking to 
enforce any order or judgment of such courts such personal jurisdiction will be non-exclusive. 
15. 
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, including by electronic 
signature, transmission, process or confirmation, each of which individually shall be deemed to be an original and 
all of which taken together shall constitute one instrument. 
