2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
12 
patronage of Wireless Zone® locations, (iii) the formulation, design, development, test marketing, market 
study, production and placement of advertisements, point of sale materials, promotional materials and 
newsletters, (iv) website development and implementation costs, social media site development and 
implementation costs, and electronic advertisements, (v) intranet development costs, toll-free business 
locator costs, and all other costs for any advertising and promotion, including WZ LLC’s, its affiliates’ or 
advertising agencies’ administrative expenses (including operating expenses and the proportionate 
compensation of WZ LLC’s employees who devote time and render services in the conduct, formulation, 
development and production of advertising and promotion programs or who administer these funds). No 
percentage of the funds for cooperative advertising paid by the Provider will be used for advertising that is 
principally a solicitation for the sale of franchises, but WZ LLC reserves the right to include a message or 
statement in any advertisement indicating that franchises are available for purchase and related information. 
WZ LLC’s expenditure of funds for advertising is for the general benefit of all franchisees in the geographic 
area(s) covered by the selected advertising media; WZ LLC does not warrant the type, level, or effectiveness 
of cooperative advertising for the Franchise.   
B. 
You may be eligible to receive from WZ LLC a share of the cooperative advertising funds 
received by WZ LLC; such funds will be payable only to cover eligible expenses actually incurred by You 
in the form of local advertising for the Franchise. WZ LLC reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to 
determine Your eligibility to receive cooperative advertising funds and the amount of such funds You are 
eligible to receive; provided, however, that WZ LLC will pay such funds to You only according to the terms 
and conditions of WZ LLC’s contract with its Provider.  WZ LLC will publish the program rules and 
regulations for receipt of cooperative advertising funds in the Operations Manual.   
7.02. 
Local Promotion.  You acknowledge the need to further the public image and recognition 
of the Franchise.  All marketing and promotion will be subject to WZ LLC’s prior review and written 
approval, including Website and social media site content, if allowed by WZ LLC.  WZ LLC may require 
that the only Website and social media sites for You and the System will be the Website and social media 
sites that WZ LLC maintains.  You will adhere to WZ LLC’s standards and advice regarding Your 
marketing and promotion efforts and expenditures.   
7.03. 
Initial Marketing Program.  WZ LLC may require that You develop an initial marketing 
program campaign.  You will bear the cost of any initial marketing program campaign. You must submit 
Your plan for any required initial marketing program campaign to WZ LLC for review and approval in 
advance.  At Your request, WZ LLC will assist You in the development of the initial marketing program 
campaign.   
7.04. 
Community Service.  You acknowledge the importance of participating in and servicing 
community and other philanthropic organizations and agree to become a member of one or more civic 
organization(s) in the community in which Your Store is located.  WZ LLC may suggest certain 
organizations and may encourage all of its franchisees to participate in specific philanthropic programs, 
including Round Room Gives, Inc. or its successor.  In addition, You agree to participate in all programs 
supported by WZ LLC which WZ LLC has designated as mandatory and pay all amounts, or make such 
contributions, as required by WZ LLC from time-to-time. 
7.05
Marketing Campaigns/Communication.  You will participate in any marketing 
campaigns or other customer solicitation programs required by WZ LLC from time-to-time, including any 
auto messaging or texting platforms.  You will pay all amounts required to participate in any such programs, 
which amounts WZ LLC may collect from You on behalf of  any vendors performing marketing or customer 
solicitation services on Your behalf in connection with any such program or campaign.    
