2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
39 
provision or any other provision of this Agreement.  If You violate this provision during the Term, then 
WZ LLC can terminate this Agreement with immediate effect as described in Section 14.01. 
E. 
The provisions of this Section 16.01 will not prohibit You, any Owner of You or their 
spouse, or any manager of Your Store, from operating any other franchise which WZ LLC grants or owning 
less than a two percent (2%) beneficial interest of the outstanding equity securities of any publicly held 
entity.  
16.02. Non-Disclosure; AI. 
A. 
You acknowledge that disclosure of any aspect of the System, or duplication or disclosure 
of the terms of this Agreement or of the Operations Manual, could harm WZ LLC, You and other 
franchisees.  You agree that at no time during or after the Term will You, any Owner of You and their 
spouse, any manager of Your Store, and others identified in Section 16.05 (collectively, the “Receiving 
Party”), disclose or duplicate in any way, or make available, the contents of the Operations Manual, the 
terms of this Agreement, Trade Secrets or Confidential Information (as defined below) belonging to WZ 
LLC, or other aspects of the System to any person, corporation or professional advisor, except to Your 
employees, professional advisors or other persons but only to the extent necessary for the transaction of 
business by You.  You agree that no one will be permitted to hold any materials or copies of or notes 
concerning any of these materials.  All of the above will be returned to WZ LLC immediately upon 
termination or expiration of this Agreement.   
B.
 The Receiving Party shall not use Confidential Information (as defined below) for the 
purpose of machine learning, augmented human intelligence development, training any artificial 
intelligence (“AI”) model, algorithm improvement, or similar data aggregation activities. Such uses shall 
be expressly prohibited.  The Receiving Party shall not, without the prior written consent of WZ LLC, input 
any Confidential Information, including any aspect of the System or of the Operations Manual into any 
generative AI platform, or disclose such information to any provider or source of generative AI 
services.  The Receiving Party shall opt out of allowing any provider or source of generative AI to utilize 
Confidential Information for training of any AI model or for other purposes.  
C. 
WZ LLC will have the right to injunctive relief to enforce the provisions of this Section 
and to obtain such injunctive relief without posting bond.  You will pay WZ LLC’s attorneys’ fees and 
costs in connection with seeking such injunctive relief.  You agree that if You violate this Section 16.02 
WZ LLC will suffer immediate irreparable harm.  
D. 
“Trade Secrets” means information belonging to WZ LLC or licensed to it, including 
information in the Operations Manual or otherwise communicated by WZ LLC and proprietary methods of 
operation, components of the System, technical or non-technical data, marketing plans, and customer, 
vendor or supplier lists, to the extent such items: (i) derive economic value, actual or potential, from not 
being generally known to, and not being readily ascertainable by proper means by, other persons or entities 
who can obtain economic value from their disclosure or use; and (ii) are the subject of efforts by WZ LLC 
that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain their secrecy. “Confidential Information” means 
information other than Trade Secrets that belongs to WZ LLC or is licensed by or to it, that is, or may 
reasonably be construed to be, of a confidential or secret nature, material to WZ LLC, and that is not 
generally known to the public.  Restrictions and obligations under this Section will not apply to any Trade 
Secrets or Confidential Information after it: (i) becomes generally available to the public through any means 
other than a breach by You or Your affiliates or Your employees of Your obligations under this Agreement; 
(ii) is disclosed to You without an obligation of confidentiality by a third party who has a right to make 
such disclosure; or (iii) can be demonstrated by You to WZ LLC’s reasonable satisfaction to have been 
known by You before the time of its disclosure by WZ LLC to You; or (iv) by operation of law or by an 
