2025 Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
Exhibit 5 Provider Compliance Agreement  
4
Telemarketing means the initiation of a telephone call or message to any current, former or prospective Subscriber 
that includes as its sole or partial purpose the encouragement of the purchase of Provider’s Covered CMRS or of 
Equipment to be used in connection with such Provider’s Covered CMRS. 
Upgrade means an existing Subscriber (i) purchases Equipment from you (which may have been sold at a discount 
as set by you); and (ii) such Equipment is Activated on the Subscriber’s account. 
Website means a point of presence maintained on the Internet that contains branding, graphics, navigation or other 
characteristics such that a user reasonably would conclude that the pages are part of an integrated information or 
service offering. 
2. 
Commitment to Comply with Provider Procedures.  You will market and sell Provider Covered 
CMRS in compliance with all federal, state and local laws, any Franchise Agreement, the Operations Manual, and 
all Provider processes and procedures.  You will be responsible for completing all transactions in accordance with 
all Provider and WZ LLC policies and procedures, as those are communicated to you from time-to-time.   
3. 
Compensation.  You acknowledge and agree that all Compensation payable as a result of any sale 
of Provider’s Covered CMRS or Provider’s other products or services, is payable subject to the terms and conditions 
of the Provider Contract and the Franchise Agreement, as communicated to you by WZ LLC from time-to-time, 
and that the terms and conditions for Compensation under the Provider Contract may be changed by Provider at 
Provider’s sole discretion and without notice to you.  
4. 
Training.  You, at your expense, will train your salespeople on Provider’s procedures, as WZ LLC 
communicates them to you from time to time.  You will successfully complete training certification on new Provider 
Covered CMRS and Equipment prior to offering for sale such Provider Covered CMRS and Equipment.  You will 
maintain records of the above training completed by your customer-facing personnel and will provide WZ LLC 
with written confirmation of your ongoing compliance with this subsection.
5.
Exclusivity.  Subject to the terms of the Franchise Agreement, neither you, nor any of your 
Affiliates, employees, or agents will:   
5.1
offer, sell, or market Covered CMRS in the Area on behalf of any Carrier or Reseller other than 
Provider;  
5.2
directly or indirectly induce, influence, or suggest that any Subscriber terminate Provider’s 
Covered CMRS and purchase Covered CMRS from, or contract with, any Carrier or Reseller, or any agent or other 
representative of either, other than Provider; 
5.3  
share Compensation with any other Entity (excepting WZ LLC); or
5.4  
solicit or enter into any agreement with any Entity that interferes with or alters Provider’s 
relationship with WZ LLC, or any other Provider Agents or Provider Resellers. 
6.
Non-Solicitation.  You acknowledge and agree that the limitations and duties in Section 5 are 
reasonable and essential and will survive for a period of one (1) year following the termination or expiration of this 
Agreement.  You further acknowledge and agree that, as to Subscribers Activated by you, the limitations in 
subsection 5.2 will survive for a period of two (2) years following the termination or expiration of this Agreement. 
7.
Subscribers.  You understand, acknowledge and agree that Subscribers are customers of Provider, 
and you do not have and will not acquire any property interest or exclusive rights in Subscribers that Activate 
Provider Covered CMRS through you.  Subscriber Information will be considered Provider Confidential 
Information and you will keep all Subscriber Information confidential and will not disclose it to any third party or 
use it for its own benefit, or for the benefit of any third party, at any time during or after the term. 
7.1
You will inform Subscribers that Provider’s obligations to Subscriber are only those set forth in the 
agreement for Provider Covered CMRS between Provider and Subscriber.  You will not represent or promise that 
Subscribers or potential Subscribers will be charged for Provider Covered CMRS at any rate other than those 
established by Provider for which Subscriber is eligible in Provider’s sole discretion.  You will not impose any type 
of fees for Provider Covered CMRS on a Subscriber (including, but not limited to, unauthorized deposits on credit 
cards, Activation fees, service-only early disconnect or chargeback fees or similar fees), via separate contract or 
