2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
44 
C.
If there is any dispute as to whether a particular claim or matter is subject to arbitration, 
and the matter relates to an issue for which WZ LLC sought an injunction in accordance with the provisions 
of Sections 18.07 or 18.09, the arbitrability of the claim shall be determined by the court that would 
otherwise hear the motion to issue the injunction.  In the case of a dispute as to the arbitrability of any other 
claim brought by either party against the other, the decision as to whether or not the claim is subject to 
arbitration shall be made by the arbitrator appointed in accordance with this Section 18.10.   
D.
Any award from the arbitrator may be appealed under the then-current Optional Appellate 
Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association.   
E.
Judgment upon the award of the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.  
The award shall be binding, final and non-appealable except as permitted under Section 18.10D or for 
failure of the arbitrator to meet the requirements of this Section 18.10.  Unless this Agreement is terminated 
in accordance with the provisions of Section 14, during the pendency of the arbitration proceeding, You 
and WZ LLC will fully perform this Agreement. 
F.
If, after You or WZ LLC institutes an arbitration proceeding, one or the other asserts a 
claim, counterclaim or defense, the subject matter of which, under statute or current judicial decision is 
non-arbitrable for public policy reasons, the party against whom the claim, counterclaim or defense is 
asserted may elect to proceed with the arbitration of all arbitrable claims, counterclaims or defenses, or to 
proceed to litigate all claims, counterclaims or defenses in the state or federal courts of Indiana.   
G.
Unless agreed to in writing by You and WZ LLC, any and all proceedings will be individual 
proceedings between You and WZ LLC, and will not be conducted on a “class basis,” or include any of 
WZ LLC’s other franchisees, or any other person or entity, as named parties.  You therefor acknowledge 
and agree that no proceedings, including any mediation, arbitration, suit, claim, demand or petition for 
injunctive relief or specific performance that may be brought or filed against WZ LLC or any of its affiliates, 
may proceed as a class action, may be joined with another claim brought by any other person or entity or 
may proceed on the grounds that such proceeding is brought in a representative capacity for any third party.  
Without limiting the foregoing, You specifically agree that You may not consolidate any dispute of a claim 
held by any other franchisee, individual or entity.  You and WZ LLC both agree not to pursue any class 
actions against the other, and You and WZ LLC each waive the right to proceed in any permitted litigation 
on a class action basis.   
H.
You represent that the sole entity against which You will seek damages or any remedy in 
law or equity for any claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement is WZ LLC and You further represent 
that You will not name the shareholders, directors, officers, affiliates, parents, subsidiaries, employees, and 
agents of WZ LLC as a party in any arbitration or legal action commenced by You.  WZ LLC has relied 
upon these representations in executing this Agreement. If You violate this Section 18.10.H, You shall pay 
all costs and attorney’s fees incurred by the party You improperly named in said claim. 
18.11. Limitations on Actions.  You agree that if You have any claim or cause of action against 
WZ LLC, You must initiate arbitration (or litigation if not otherwise precluded by the arbitration provisions 
of Section 18.10) against WZ LLC within one (1) year of the occurrence of the facts which gives rise to the 
claim.
18.12. Attorneys’ Fees.  If WZ LLC secures any relief against You in enforcing this Agreement, 
or is successful in defending a claim You bring against it in any legal or equitable action, You will pay to 
WZ LLC, upon demand, an amount equal to the aggregate of WZ LLC’s costs of obtaining such relief and 
defending such claim, including without limitation, WZ LLC’s reasonable attorneys’ fees. 
