2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
25 
(i) 
“Cardholder Data” means the full magnetic stripe or the PAN, plus any of the 
following: (a) cardholder name, (b) expiration date or (c) service code. 
(ii) 
“Sensitive Authentication Data” means security related information used to 
authenticate cardholders, appearing in plain text or otherwise unprotected form. 
F. 
Password Credentials.  You may be required by WZ LLC or its Provider to access password 
protected or other secure databases, websites, portals or services.  You will comply with all requirements 
imposed by WZ LLC, its Provider or any other party as a condition of creating, issuing, maintaining or 
using passwords or other forms of access to secured information, including but not limited to background 
checks, employment verification and employee training. 
G. 
Intranet. WZ LLC will make available to You its Intranet to disseminate reports, notices 
and procedures, including but not limited to the Operations Manual (and updates thereto), special 
promotions and programs, training notices, product ordering, and information regarding current 
advertisements.  You must at all times have access to the Intranet, and You authorize WZ LLC to 
communicate with You via the Intranet.
H. 
Cybersecurity.  You must abide by all policies and specifications promulgated by WZ LLC 
or its Provider regarding the protection of Personal Information or any information that is subject to any 
Privacy Laws and/or PCI DSS.  
(i) 
These policies and specifications include, but are not limited to: (a) limitations on the 
storage and use of customer pins, account information and personally identifiable information; (b) 
preventing improper access to or theft of customer data during transfer between devices; (c) ensuring that 
all associates, employees and agents conduct themselves with integrity and in conformity with applicable 
ethical guidelines and laws; (d) compliance with all physical security and access requirements; and (e) 
compliance with all requirements of Section 15 of the Provider Compliance Agreement(s).  Any breach of 
this provision shall cause irreparable harm to the System and shall subject You to immediate termination 
in accordance with Section 14.01 of this Agreement. 
(ii) 
If You breach Section 11.05(H)(i)(e) of this Agreement, You will pay to WZ LLC the sum 
of five hundred dollars ($500) per “Incident” as liquidated damages.  With respect to any breach that 
involves Subscriber Information, Highly Confidential Information or SPI or System access, “Incident” is 
defined as each Subscriber mobile telephone number impacted (each capitalized term in this sentence other 
than Incident shall have the meaning given it in the Provider Compliance Agreement).  You agree that the 
agreed-upon sum is not a penalty but is rather a reasonable approximation of damages and other adverse 
consequences caused by or arising from Your violation(s) of the Provider Compliance Agreement(s) and 
consequently this Agreement, and that the actual damages that WZ LLC would suffer based upon Your 
violations would be difficult if not impossible to determine.  Liquidated damages may be collected, at WZ 
LLC’s discretion, in the form of an offset against any amounts due to You (including, but not limited to, 
Commissions and Residuals) or as a direct payment by You, which shall be immediately due upon WZ 
LLC’s demand.  Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit or waive (i) any rights or remedies that 
may otherwise be available in law or equity to WZ LLC, or (ii) Your obligation to defend, indemnify and 
hold harmless WZ LLC and its Provider under Section 17 of this Agreement.
I. 
Point-of-Sale. As discussed above, You must use WZ LLC’s designated point of sale 
(“POS”) system and all other items used in the Point of Sale Environment to operate the Business and pay 
to WZ LLC or its approve vendors any license fees or other amounts established by WZ LLC or its approved 
vendors, which may be collected from You by WZ LLC.  You acknowledge and agree that these amounts 
are subject to change based upon the amounts charged by such vendors and You shall pay all such amounts. 
