2 
2025 FDD (October Amendment) 
Exhibit E Addendum Re: Data Protection and Security 
Owns or licenses, receives, stores, maintains, processes, or otherwise has access to personal 
information in connection with the provision of goods or services or in connection with employment. 
Person, a natural person, corporation, association, partnership or other legal entity, other than an 
agency, executive office, department, board, commission, bureau, division or authority of the 
Commonwealth, or any of its branches, or any political subdivision thereof. 
Personal information, a Massachusetts resident’s first name and last name or first initial and last 
name in combination with any one or more of the following data elements that relate to such resident:  
(a) Social Security number; (b) driver’s license number or state-issued identification card number; or 
(c) financial account number, or credit or debit card number, with or without any required security 
code, access code, personal identification number or password, that would permit access to a 
resident’s financial account; provided, however, that “Personal information” shall not include 
information that is lawfully obtained from publicly available information, or from federal, state or local 
government records lawfully made available to the general public. 
Record or Records, any material upon which written, drawn, spoken, visual, or electromagnetic 
information or images are recorded or preserved, regardless of physical form or characteristics. 
Service provider, any person that receives, stores, maintains, processes, or otherwise is permitted 
access to personal information through its provision of services directly to a person that is subject to 
this regulation. 
17.03:  Duty to Protect and Standards for Protecting Personal Information
(1)  Every person that owns or licenses personal information about a resident of the Commonwealth 
shall develop, implement, and maintain a comprehensive information security program that is written 
in one or more readily accessible parts and contains administrative, technical, and physical 
safeguards that are appropriate to (a) the size, scope and type of business of the person obligated 
to safeguard the personal information under such comprehensive information security program; (b) 
the amount of resources available to such person; (c) the amount of stored data; and (d) the need 
for security and confidentiality of both consumer and employee information.  The safeguards 
contained in such program must be consistent with the safeguards for protection of personal 
information and information of a similar character set forth in any state or federal regulations by which 
the person who owns or licenses such information may be regulated. 
(2)  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, every comprehensive information security 
program shall include, but shall not be limited to: 
(a)  Designating one or more employees to maintain the comprehensive information security 
program; 
(b)  Identifying and assessing reasonably foreseeable internal and external risks to the security, 
confidentiality, and/or integrity of any electronic, paper or other records containing personal 
information, and evaluating and improving, where necessary, the effectiveness of the current 
safeguards for limiting such risks, including but not limited to: 
1.  ongoing employee (including temporary and contract employee) training; 
2.  employee compliance with policies and procedures; and 
3.  means for detecting and preventing security system failures. 
(c)  Developing security policies for employees relating to the storage, access and transportation of 
records containing personal information outside of business premises. 
(d)  Imposing disciplinary measures for violations of the comprehensive information security program 
rules. 
(e)  Preventing terminated employees from accessing records containing personal information. 
(f)  Oversee service providers, by: 
