3 
2025 FDD (October Amendment) 
Exhibit C Agreement and Conditional Consent to Transfer 
iv. 
After the Transfer Date, Franchisee will abide by all surviving provisions of the Existing Franchise 
Agreement, including all provisions that, either expressly or by their nature, are intended to survive the termination 
of the Existing Franchise Agreement, such as Sections 15, 16 and 17 of the Existing Franchise Agreement. 
v. 
Franchisee has no right or title to the Trademark Assets and that it has not represented to Transferee 
or any other person, natural or fictitious, that it has right or title to the Trademark Assets.  Franchisee has not entered 
into any agreement to sell or transfer the Trademark Assets. As of the Transfer Date, Franchisee will cease to 
identify itself or any other business it operates (excluding other Wireless Zone® franchises owned by the Franchisee) 
as a current or former Wireless Zone® franchise and will cease to use any Trademark Asset, including any Wireless 
Zone® trademark, trade name or trade dress, or any colorable imitation of the same, or other indicia of a Wireless 
Zone® franchise in any manner or purpose.  “Trademark Assets” means all trade names, trademarks, and trade dress 
of the Wireless Zone® system, including the name “Wireless Zone®” and any forms, slogans, signs, symbols, devices 
or other materials bearing the name “Wireless Zone®”, Verizon-branded materials, fixtures, displays and signage 
and Wireless Zone®-branded materials, fixtures, displays and signage which are and remain the property of 
Franchisor and/or Verizon Wireless.   
vi. 
Franchisee shall be responsible for all other charge-backs, to include, but not be limited to, CO-OP 
charge-backs and Marketing Development Fund charge-backs for business conducted by Franchisee on or before 
the Closing Date. 
vii. 
Franchisee will continue to operate the Franchised Store until the Transfer Date. 
viii. 
As of the Transfer Date, Franchisee has no security interest in the Franchised Store or any assets 
related to the business of the franchise that are the subject of the Transfer, and no such security interest in the same 
will exist at any time after the Transfer Date.  Franchisee waives any rights it has, had or ever will have to foreclose 
on, levy upon or repossess the Franchised Stores or any assets related to the business of the franchise that are the 
subject of the Transfer. 
ix. 
Franchisee, its officers, directors, members, principals, employees, representatives, successors and 
assigns, will not make any disparaging, derogatory or negative comments, statements or other communications, 
orally, in writing, or in any medium, to any person or organization about Franchisor or the Wireless Zone® system 
or any parties or persons associated therewith, nor take any action that could have the effect of damaging the 
reputation of Franchisor, the Wireless Zone® system or any parties or persons associated therewith. 
4. 
Release. In consideration for Franchisor’s consent, Franchisee, for itself, its affiliates, and its successors 
and assigns, hereby remises, releases and forever discharges Franchisor, its affiliates, successors and assigns, as 
well as the shareholders, members, principals, officers, directors, employees, attorneys, agents, heirs and executors 
of Franchisor, its affiliates, successors and assigns (collectively, the “Released Parties”), of and from any and all 
debts, demands, losses, actions, causes of action, suits, accounts, covenants, contracts, warranties, agreements, 
damages and any and all claims, demands and liabilities whatsoever, of every name and nature, both in law and in 
equity, including without limitation causes of action arising out of alleged conspiracy, violations of any contract, 
express or implied, any covenant of good faith and fair dealing, quantum meruit, or any federal, state or municipal 
statute, regulation or ordinance, that the Franchisee, its affiliates, successors or assigns may now have or ever had 
against the Released Parties, whether under this Agreement, the Existing Franchise Agreement, or any other 
agreement, transaction, relationship, duty, obligation or in any other form, known and unknown, from the beginning 
of the world until the Transfer Date, it being the intent of the Franchisee to grant in favor of the Released Parties 
hereby a general release.  Without otherwise limiting the generality of the foregoing release, the foregoing release 
will not apply to obligations of Franchisor to Franchisee specifically set forth in this Agreement. 
A. 
[IF FRANCHISEE IS A RESIDENT OF OR FRANCHISED STORE IS OPERATED WITHIN 
MARYLAND] The foregoing release shall not be construed to release any of Franchisees claims or rights to claims 
under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law, if such release is in contravention of the Maryland 
Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. 
B. 
[IF FRANCHISEE IS A RESIDENT OF OR FRANCHISED STORE IS OPERATED WITHIN 
CALIFORNIA] This Release is intended by Franchisee to be a full and unconditional general release and to 
constitute a full, unconditional and final accord and satisfaction, extending to all claims of any nature, whether or 
