FDD 2025 (October Amendment)
34 
licensees, representatives, agents, sub-agents or any other person receives in connection with any 
other channel of distribution, except as we specifically authorize. 
We also reserve the right for ourselves and our affiliates, to operate or to license the 
operation of retail stores offering wireless and wireline communications products and services 
and/or entertainment and security products and services within or outside your Protected Territory.  
We also reserve the right for ourselves and our affiliates to develop, operate and franchise similar 
or dissimilar distribution systems for the same, similar, or different products, goods, or services 
using trademarks, service marks and commercial symbols different from those used in connection 
with the Wireless Zone® System, which may include web-based systems.  
You may provide suggestions, comments or other feedback to us with respect to the 
System.  Feedback is voluntary.  You agree that we may use Feedback for any purpose in 
connection with any business activities conducted by us or our affiliates. 
Our affiliate TCC, owns and operates stores operating under the service mark “TCC,” 
which offer goods and services similar to the goods and services you will offer in your Wireless 
Zone® Stores.  These TCC stores are not restricted as to where they may solicit or accept orders 
and they may compete with Wireless Zone® Stores and solicit or accept orders in your Protected 
Territory.  Neither we nor TCC is restricted from expanding geographically and both intend to 
expand to additional states, including into states where the other system currently has outlets.  We 
and TCC have the same principal business address and do not maintain physically separate offices 
or training facilities.  If there is a conflict between TCC and us or a franchisee we will work with 
TCC to resolve that conflict in a manner that we feel is in the best interests of all involved.   
We will establish minimum requirements for the volume of sales and performance 
standards for your Store, including minimum monthly sales standards for new activations and total 
boxes, and other minimum monthly sales standards established by both us and the Provider.  The 
minimum requirements will be published in our Operations Manual.  You must maintain these 
minimums to retain your franchise; if you do not satisfy the minimum requirements during any 3 
consecutive months of operation, we may terminate your Franchise Agreement.   
Item 13 
TRADEMARKS 
We grant you the right under the Franchise Agreement to operate under the mark “Wireless 
Zone.”  You may also use, with our prior written consent, our other current or future trademarks 
to operate your Store.  By trademark, we mean trade names, trademarks, service marks and logos 
used to identify your retail outlet.  You may not use websites, social media sites or register domain 
names (whether or not they include the trademarks) without our prior written approval, which we 
are under no obligation to furnish.
The following is our principal trademark which has been registered on the Principal 
Register of the United States Patent and Trademark Office; all required affidavits and renewals 
have been filed: 
Wireless Zone (without design) 
Registration Date: March 28, 2000 
Registration No. 2,336,387 
