2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
4 
of this Agreement if You, Your owners, directors, members, agents, general managers, affiliates, 
subsidiaries, and heirs engage in any conduct which: (i) reflects materially and unfavorably on the System 
or the Trademarks, including by causing damage to or impairing the use of the Wireless Zone® brand, the 
System or the Trademarks; (ii) interferes with or damages WZ LLC’s relationship with its Provider, 
suppliers or vendors; (iii) harms or reflects materially and unfavorably on WZ LLC’s reputation or the 
reputation and public perception of the Wireless Zone® brand, the System or the Trademarks; (iv) breaches 
any of WZ LLC’s obligations to its Provider, suppliers, vendors; or (v) is a breach of any applicable federal, 
state or municipal law.  
2.04. 
Providers.  WZ LLC may enter into one or more contracts with one or more qualified 
wireline or wireless communications service providers or manufacturers that provide devices, products, 
goods and services for sale at Wireless Zone® stores (each a “Provider”), under the terms of which WZ 
LLC may be licensed or authorized to act as an agent for such Provider.  WZ LLC may also be authorized 
to designate its franchise locations, including the Franchise, as a sub-agent location of the Provider.   
A. 
Provider Compliance Agreements.  If WZ LLC is authorized to designate the Franchise as 
a sub-agent location for any Provider, You agree to enter into one or more Provider Compliance 
Agreements, substantially in the form attached as Exhibit 5, that allows You to act as a sub-agent of the 
Provider(s) and that establishes Your obligations to WZ LLC as a sub-agent of the Provider. You agree and 
acknowledge that the terms and conditions of the Provider Compliance Agreement(s) may change from 
time-to-time and that You may be required to sign revised or amended Provider Compliance Agreement(s).  
You further agree and acknowledge that WZ LLC has the right, in its sole discretion, to contract with more 
than one Provider and/or to change Providers at any time.  
B. 
Maintenance of Eligibility.  You agree and acknowledge that it is a material obligation 
under this Agreement that You remain eligible for designation as a sub-agent of WZ LLC’s Provider and 
that any conduct which renders You ineligible to act as a sub-agent of WZ LLC’s Provider, including a 
breach of the terms of the Provider Compliance Agreement(s) and a failure to abide by and comply with 
the terms of applicable policies, programs, agreements and laws governing the conduct of WZ LLC as agent 
or You as sub-agent, is a breach of this Agreement that causes irreparable harm to the System and the 
Trademarks and that further creates good cause for the immediate termination of this Agreement.  
3. 
TRADEMARKS  
3.01. 
Trademark License.  WZ LLC grants to You a limited, non-exclusive, revocable, and 
non-transferrable license to use and display the Trademarks, subject to WZ LLC’s control and direction.  
You acknowledge that the Trademarks are valid, and that valuable goodwill belonging solely to WZ LLC 
is attached to the Trademarks.  You also acknowledge that WZ LLC has licensed and will in the future 
license the Trademarks to other franchisees, sub-agents and to WZ LLC’s affiliates.  You agree that You 
will never directly or indirectly contest the validity or ownership of the Trademarks and that You will only 
use the Trademarks in a fashion expressly authorized in writing by WZ LLC.  You agree that You will 
never directly or indirectly, at any time during or after the Term, sell, give, provide to, or otherwise assist 
any third party who is not a franchisee of WZ LLC to obtain any advertising, signs, posters, point of sale 
materials, promotional materials, or other materials containing the Trademarks, including the trade dress.  
You agree that You will not create any Website, social media site or register a domain name (whether 
containing the Trademarks or not) without WZ LLC’s prior written consent, which WZ LLC is under no 
obligation to provide.  If WZ LLC grants such consent, You must conform Your Website and social media 
sites to WZ LLC’s Website and social media site guidelines, as set out in the Operations Manual.  Following 
the termination of this Agreement, or the expiration of the Term, You will immediately discontinue the use 
of the Trademarks, any previously approved Websites, social media sites and/or domain name, e-mail 
address or URL incorporating the Trademarks which You will assign to WZ LLC or otherwise, as directed.  
