2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
9 
3. 
WZ LLC may increase the dollar amounts in the “Gross Profit (Bottom)” and “Gross Profit 
(Top)” columns of Exhibit 1 to reflect increases in the Consumer Price Index that occur between January 
1, 2016, and the date the adjustment is announced or, once an adjustment has been made, that occur between 
the date of the last adjustment and the date the next adjustment is announced. 
C. 
Manner of Payment.  WZ LLC will calculate the WZ LLC Royalty for each calendar month 
and will notify You of the amount due on or before the fifth (5th) day of the Payment Month (as defined in 
Section 6.03.H).  You authorize WZ LLC to deduct the WZ LLC Royalty from the Commissions, Residuals 
and other amounts paid by the Provider to WZ LLC that may be due to You under Section 6.02.  If the 
Provider does not pay to WZ LLC any amounts in any particular month that are attributable to the Store, or 
if the amounts paid to WZ LLC are insufficient to cover the amount of the WZ LLC Royalty, You agree to 
pay WZ LLC the outstanding amount of the WZ LLC Royalty no later than the tenth (10th) day of the 
Payment Month.  
D. 
WZ LLC Royalty Reconciliation. Without any required notice to You, WZ LLC may 
periodically review Your Business Records (as defined in Section 11.03.C) to determine errors and 
omissions in the calculation and payment of the WZ LLC Royalty.  If any error in the calculation of the 
WZ LLC Royalty for any month is the subject of reconciliation, WZ LLC will (a) notify You of the nature 
and amount of the error; (b) if the error indicates additional amounts are owed to WZ LLC, You authorize 
WZ LLC to collect the outstanding amount in accordance with Section 6.02.C.; and (c) if the error indicates 
excess amounts have been paid to WZ LLC, WZ LLC will pay the excess amounts along with the payment 
of Commissions under Section 6.02.A.   
1. 
If You dispute WZ LLC’s determination of an error or the amount by which WZ LLC 
asserts the WZ LLC Royalty was underpaid, You must, not later than seven (7) business days after receiving 
notice of the error, provide WZ LLC with a statement of the basis for disputing WZ LLC’s determination 
of error and any evidence to support the dispute.  Upon request by WZ LLC, You will provide any 
information or materials required to support Your dispute of WZ LLC’s determination.  If, after thirty (30) 
days of good faith efforts to resolve the dispute, You and WZ LLC cannot reach agreement, You and WZ 
LLC agree to mediate in accordance with this Agreement.   
2. 
If WZ LLC determines that as a result of Your negligent, reckless or willful conduct, error, 
omission, conspiracy, or fraud the WZ LLC Royalty was understated by more than two percent (2%) of the 
actual WZ LLC Royalty due for the period audited, You agree, in addition to curing the underpayment, to 
reimburse WZ LLC for any and all expenses incurred in connection with ascertaining and correcting the 
understatement of the WZ LLC Royalty, including but not limited to reasonable audit, accounting and legal 
fees.   You also agree to pay WZ LLC interest on the amount of the underpayment at the rate of one and 
one-half percent (1½%) per month, or the highest rate permitted by law, whichever is lower, from the date 
the WZ LLC Royalty was originally due until the date of payment.  The requirement for payment of interest 
and costs under this Section 6.01.D.2 is without prejudice to any other rights or remedies WZ LLC may 
have under this Agreement, at law or in equity. 
6.02. 
Commissions and Residuals.   
A. 
Commissions.  WZ LLC may receive commissions from the Provider.  WZ LLC will pay 
to You the Commissions received from the Provider attributable to Your Store pursuant to the WZ LLC 
published Commission Schedule, less any applicable deductions such as the WZ LLC Royalty, inventory 
payments and other fees and charges You owe to WZ LLC.  WZ LLC will provide You a statement of the 
amount of Commissions payable after applicable deductions on or before the fifth (5th) day of the Payment 
Month.  Payment of these Commissions, less any amounts You may owe to WZ LLC, will be made to You 
by the tenth (10th) day of the Payment Month.  
