FDD 2025 (October Amendment)
6 
the Provider (as defined in the franchise agreement).  The franchisees claimed that certain amounts 
received from the Provider were not “commissions” and therefore not subject to royalty.  They 
alleged that by taking these royalties, we breached their franchise agreements, committed fraud, 
and violated several state franchise and trade practice laws.  They sought a declaration that we 
were not entitled to these royalties, a refund of all royalties paid on these commissions, and 
punitive damages in an unspecified amount.  On September 1, 2015, the Court granted our motion 
to transfer the case to Connecticut.  In April 2016, the franchisees amended their Complaint to add 
claims under the Connecticut Unfair Trade Practices Act (“CUTPA”) based on our discontinuance 
of certain incentive payments and our modification of our existing point of sale system. In 
September 2016, we entered into settlement agreements under which the plaintiffs agreed to amend 
their franchise agreements to operate under our current gross profit royalty model.  In return, we 
agreed to the following: (i) to pay the plaintiffs an average of $48,440 per franchised location; (ii) 
to revise our multistore royalty reduction incentive program for all franchisees to increase the value 
of the royalty reduction for owners of 12 or more stores; and (iii) to continue the revised multistore 
royalty reduction incentive programs for 8 of the plaintiffs so long as they remain in our system.   
Tel Group, LLC et al. v Automotive Technologies, Inc., (Conn. Superior Court – Judicial 
District of Stamford – Norwalk), August 5, 2016, Docket No. FST-CV-16-6029567.  This action 
was brought against us by two of our franchisees who collectively owned 25 Wireless Zone®
stores.  They made similar allegations to those made in the Family Wireless #1 case discussed 
above, but also added claims that we wrongfully refused to honor their renewal rights under their 
Franchise Agreements and refused to allow them to sign new franchise agreements on the same or 
similar terms as their existing Franchise Agreements in violation of Connecticut law.  We entered 
into a settlement agreement with these franchisees on September 30, 2016.  Under the terms of the 
settlement, each of the plaintiffs agreed to amend their franchise agreements to operate under our 
current gross profit royalty model, and to renew all their franchises that would otherwise expire, 
putting them on our new form of franchise agreement.  In return, we agreed to the following:  (i) 
to pay the plaintiffs $1,250,000 collectively; (ii) to revise our multistore royalty reduction incentive 
program for all franchisees to increase the value of the royalty reduction for owners of 25 or more 
stores and to continue the incentive program for the plaintiffs for 10 years; and (iii) to create a 
process that will allow the plaintiffs to elect to reconcile the difference between their actual cost 
of goods to customers for trade-in devices and the standard cost of goods that we use to calculate 
our royalty and, if the difference between the two exceeds 5% of the total royalty paid, the party 
benefiting will receive a payment from the other equal to the amount by which the difference 
exceeds the 5% threshold.   
Other than these actions, no litigation is required to be disclosed in this Item. 
Item 4 
BANKRUPTCY 
No bankruptcy information is required to be disclosed in this Item.  
