FDD 2025 (October Amendment)
38 
installation and repair of wireless telephones and other wireless and wireline services and products, 
including telephones and Specialized Mobile Radio (SMR) communications devices, wireless 
data, satellite and/or cable television and radio systems, and personal communications devices, 
entertainment and security products and services.  You must also market other communications 
technologies as they develop. 
We retain the right to change the types of authorized equipment, products, and services, 
without limitation. 
You are restricted as to where you conduct your business.  You are limited to the 
solicitation of customers within your Protected Territory, although you may sell and provide 
services to any customer who comes to your Store.  You may not establish, or have established on 
your behalf, any website, webpage, social media or social networking site, profile, account, or 
hashtag relating to or referring to us, your Store, any Provider, the Trademarks or to the System.  
The only website or social media site you may use will be the website or social media sites that 
we maintain. 
Item 17 
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER, AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP 
This table lists certain important provisions of the franchise and related agreements.  You 
should read these provisions in the agreements attached to this Disclosure Document. 
Provision 
Section in franchise 
or other agreement 
Summary 
a. Length of the franchise term 
Section 5.01 of 
Franchise Agreement 
7 years, unless terminated earlier. 
b. Renewal or extension of the 
term 
Section 5.02 of 
Franchise Agreement 
One additional term of 7 years. 
c. Requirements for franchisee to 
renew or extend 
Section 5.02 of 
Franchise Agreement 
Include notice, no material default, no 
money owed, renovations, pay renewal 
fee, sign new franchise agreement, sign 
general release, and receive approval to 
continue as a sub-agent of our Provider.  If 
we and you are actively pursuing the 
procedures to renew but the term expires, 
the Franchise Agreement may continue for 
up to 180 days while the renewal is 
pending; you will pay a holdover fee of 
$500 per month in advance.  This is in 
addition to all other fees you would have 
owed under the Franchise Agreement. 
You must sign our then-current franchise 
agreement, which may contain terms and 
conditions materially different from those 
in your current franchise agreement, such 
