2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
43 
B. 
Except as specifically  permitted above,  if a party initiates litigation without complying 
with the obligation to mediate in accordance with this paragraph (unless the other party has failed to 
respond on a timely basis or has indicated it will not engage in mediation in accordance with the provisions 
of this Section 18.07), then that party is in violation of this Agreement, and the other party may petition 
the court to dismiss  the litigation without prejudice, and award attorneys’ fees and costs to the party 
seeking dismissal in an amount equal to the attorneys’ fees and costs the party seeking dismissal incurred. 
If the court refuses to dismiss the action but does not find this Section 18.07.B to be invalid, then regardless 
of the outcome of the action, or of any award given in the action, the party initiating the litigation will 
be responsible for all attorneys’ fees and costs incurred throughout the litigation by the other party as 
damages for failing to comply with the provisions of this Section 18.07. 
18.08. Governing Law.  This Agreement will be governed by and interpreted by the laws of the 
State of Indiana.   
18.09. Injunctive Relief.  You agree that WZ LLC will have the right to seek injunctive relief to 
(i) enforce its right to terminate this Agreement for the causes listed in Sections 14.01 and 14.02, and 
(ii) prevent or remedy a breach of this Agreement if that breach could, in the sole judgment of WZ LLC, 
materially impair the goodwill associated with WZ LLC’s business, including, but not limited to the 
enforcement of Your obligations upon termination of this Agreement and the enforcement of the non-
compete and confidentiality provisions of this Agreement.  If WZ LLC brings such an action, it may bring 
the action in any appropriate forum, and may seek the entry of temporary restraining orders, and temporary 
and permanent injunctions, enforcing these provisions.   
18.10. Arbitration.  Except insofar as WZ LLC elects to enforce this Agreement by judicial 
process and injunction as set forth in Sections 18.07 and 18.09, all disputes and claims arising out of or 
relating to this Agreement or any provision of this Agreement, or to any specification, standard or operating 
procedure of WZ LLC, or to the breach thereof (including, without limitation, any claim that this 
Agreement, any provision thereof, any specification, standard or operating procedure or any other 
obligation that You or WZ LLC has under this Agreement is illegal, unenforceable or voidable under any 
law, ordinance or ruling), shall be arbitrated in an arbitration administered by   the American Arbitration 
Association before a single arbitrator with a locale of arbitration within fifteen (15) miles of Indianapolis, 
Indiana, in accordance with the United States Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. 1 § 1 et. seq.), if applicable, and 
the rules of the American Arbitration Association (relating to the arbitration of disputes arising under 
franchise agreements, if any, and otherwise, the general rules of commercial arbitration).   
A.
The arbitrator appointed to arbitrate a dispute governed by this Section 18.10 must have at 
least ten (10) years’ experience in franchise matters.   
B.
The arbitrator must follow the applicable substantive law and the requirements, waivers, 
and limitations of this Agreement.  The arbitrator will have no authority to add, delete or modify in any 
manner, the terms, and provisions of this Agreement. If an arbitrator determines that any contractual 
limitations period provided for in this Agreement is not applicable or enforceable, then the parties agree to 
be bound by the provision of any statute of limitations which would otherwise be applicable to the 
controversy, dispute or claim which is the subject of any arbitration proceeding initiated hereunder. All 
findings, judgments, decisions, and awards of the arbitrator must be limited to the dispute or controversy 
set forth in the written demand for arbitration and response to that demand.  The arbitrator may award or 
include in any award the specific performance of this Agreement to the extent that specific performance 
was included in the demand or response of the party for whom the specific performance is proposed to be 
awarded.  The arbitrator may not award any relief that was not specifically requested by the parties prior to 
the start of the arbitration hearing.  The arbitrator must file a reasoned brief with his or her award.   
