2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
27 
by company credit card, WZ LLC may charge You fees to cover amounts WZ LLC is charged on Your 
payment, and an administrative fee in an amount determined by WZ LLC from time to item.
11.07. Payment Due Dates.  Unless otherwise agreed by WZ LLC, payment for all purchases is 
due upon receipt of an invoice; provided, however, WZ LLC will have the right to insist on prepayment if 
You have a history of late payments.  
A. 
Interest.  Any payment due under this Agreement, including amounts due for purchases, 
that is outstanding for thirty (30) days or more will be subject to the imposition of late payment charges 
from the original due date, at one and one-half percent (1.5%) per month (or the highest interest rate 
permitted by law, if that rate is less).  WZ LLC’s right to interest is in addition to any other remedies WZ 
LLC may have.  WZ LLC can apply Your payments to any amount You owe WZ LLC, regardless of any 
designation You make.
B.
Other Credit Terms.  At its sole discretion, WZ LLC may offer other credit terms to You.  
These arrangements are often on an individual basis, based on the volume of purchases, credit history, and 
current credit of each franchisee and therefore will not be uniform among franchisees.  If WZ LLC offers 
other credit terms to You, it may condition Your receipt of such terms on You signing other credit 
documents with WZ LLC, including additional loan agreements, promissory notes, guarantees, mortgages 
and other security documents.  
12. 
ASSIGNMENT; TRANSFER; RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL 
12.01. Assignment by WZ LLC.  WZ LLC may freely transfer or assign its rights and obligations 
under this Agreement to any person, corporation or other entity.  The transfer or assignment will be binding 
upon and will inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of WZ LLC.
A. 
Rights Reserved to WZ LLC. You agree that WZ LLC has the right, now and in the 
future, to purchase, merge, acquire, or affiliate with an existing competitive or non-competitive franchise 
network, chain, or any other business regardless of the location of that chain’s or business’ facilities and 
owned or licensed outlets, and to operate, franchise, or license those businesses and/or facilities as 
“Wireless Zone” Stores under the Trademarks or any other marks following WZ LLC’s purchase, merger, 
acquisition, or affiliation, regardless of the location of these facilities (which You acknowledge may be 
within Your Protected Territory, proximate thereto, or proximate to any of Your Stores).  
B. 
Waiver.  You agree and affirm that WZ LLC  may sell itself, its assets, the Trademarks 
and/or the System to a third party; may go public; may engage in a private placement of some or all of its 
securities; may merge, acquire other business entities, or be acquired by another business entity; and/or 
may undertake a refinancing, recapitalization, leveraged buyout, or other economic or financial 
restructuring.  With regard to any sales, assignments and dispositions, YOU EXPRESSLY AND 
SPECIFICALLY WAIVE ANY CLAIMS, DEMANDS, OR DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR 
RELATED TO THE LOSS OF WZ LLC’S NAME, TRADEMARKS (OR ANY VARIATION THEREOF) 
AND SYSTEM, AND/OR THE LOSS OF ASSOCIATION WITH OR IDENTIFICATION OF WZ LLC 
AS THE FRANCHISOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.
If WZ LLC assigns its rights and delegates its obligations under this Agreement, nothing in this 
Agreement will be deemed to require WZ LLC to remain in business or to offer or sell any products or 
services to You. 
12.02. Assignment by You.  You acknowledge that WZ LLC has granted You the rights provided 
for in this Agreement in reliance upon the background and business ability of Your Owners, if You are an 
