2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
32 
good condition, that all inventories are new and saleable, that all assets are owned by You free and clear of 
all liens and encumbrances, and that You have operated the Franchise in compliance with all laws.   
C.
The sale will be consummated as soon as possible following WZ LLC’s submission of a 
purchase agreement to You, but in no event more than thirty (30) days following submission of that 
agreement.  At the closing of the purchase, You will deliver such lien releases, bills of sale, assignments 
and other documents and instruments which WZ LLC deems necessary in order to perfect WZ LLC’s title 
and possession in and to the assets being purchased.   
13.04. Definitions.
A. 
“Purchase Price” means a multiple of one (1) times Your Gross Profit for the twelve (12) 
full calendar months preceding WZ LLC’s notice of the exercise of its option; plus an additional amount 
equal to the fair market value of the tangible assets included in the sale, which value will be determined as 
follows: (i) equipment, fixtures, furniture and signs will be valued at cost less depreciation at the rate of 
two percent (2%) per month; and (ii) all materials, supplies and inventory will be valued at cost.     
B. 
“Triggering Event” means the following: 
1. 
You commit any default under the terms of this Agreement and do not cure the 
default within thirty (30) days following notice from WZ LLC; 
2. 
This Agreement is terminated, for any reason, regardless of the cause of 
termination; 
3. 
This Agreement expires and You are either not eligible for the Renewal Options 
set forth in Section 5.02, or fail to exercise that option; 
4. 
You abandon the Franchise for any period of time, which shall include without 
limitation You ceasing to operate the Business five (5) separate business days within any twelve 
(12) month period or for three (3) consecutive days;  
5. 
You have not paid Your monetary obligations to WZ LLC or any other third parties 
when they are due, and such payments are more than ten (10) days overdue; 
6. 
You do not remove any liens or encumbrances that have been placed against the 
Franchise without WZ LLC’s consent within thirty (30) days after You become aware of the lien 
or encumbrance; 
7. 
You fail to achieve the minimum activation level per month prescribed in the 
Operations Manual for any three consecutive months, as calculated by WZ LLC and its Provider; 
or 
8. 
You fail to achieve a Gross Profit for any calendar year of at least sixty thousand 
dollars ($60,000).   
13.05. Non-Exclusive Remedies.   WZ LLC’s exercise of its Step-In rights under Section 13.01 
and its buyout rights under Section 13.02 are not mutually exclusive.  Further, WZ LLC is not obligated to 
exercise its Step-In rights under this Section as a precondition to exercising its buyout rights under Section 
13.02.   WZ LLC’s decision to step-in under Section 13.01 does not waive or release any other rights or 
