FDD 2025 (October Amendment)
25 
Obligation 
Section in agreement 
Disclosure document item 
s.  Inspections and audits 
Sections 10.06, 10.07 and 11.04 of 
Franchise Agreement 
Items 6 and 11 
t.  Transfer 
Section 12 of Franchise Agreement 
Item 17 
u.  Renewal 
Section 5.02 of Franchise Agreement 
Item 17 
v.  Post-termination obligations 
Sections 11.05.B, 13, 15.01, and 16 
of Franchise Agreement 
Item 17 
w.  Non-Competition covenants 
Section 16 of Franchise Agreement 
Item 17 
x.  Dispute resolution 
Sections 18.07-18.11 of Franchise 
Agreement 
Item 17 
y.  Other:  Guarantee of 
franchisee obligations1
Sections 1.04, 12.02.A.12 and 
12.03.C. of Franchise Agreement 
Items 1, 15 and 17 
Note: 
(1) 
Each Owner must sign the Guaranty of Performance attached as Exhibit 2 to the Franchise 
Agreement guaranteeing payment by you to us under the Franchise Agreement, any other 
franchise agreements, and your performance of your obligations under these documents. 
Item 10 
FINANCING 
Except as disclosed below, we do not offer direct or indirect financing.  We do not 
guarantee your note, lease or obligation.   
Following a credit review by us, we may provide extended payment terms for purchases of 
inventory, and other services from us.  The amount of credit we offer will be adjusted periodically 
based on sales and payment performance. If you are given extended purchasing credit terms, you 
may have up to 65 days to pay for your purchases, depending on the invoice date.  We do not 
charge interest, if you pay on time.  For transfers and new locations, we may require that you pay 
for your initial opening inventory order in advance, electronically via ACH or EFT or business 
(not personal) credit card.  We, in the exercise of our sole judgment, will determine the amount of 
inventory purchases that we will finance.  We may also put you on adjusted credit terms for a 
period of time, which may extend for 6 months or longer.  The adjusted credit terms will require 
you to pay an up-front fixed prepayment amount, established by us, for each wireless device that 
you order.  This amount will be debited from your bank account via EFT.  The remaining balance 
due for your order will be given credit terms due in full on the 1st day of the second month 
following the order date.  After reviewing your sales and payment performance, we may, in our 
sole discretion, determine to replace the adjusted credit terms with extended credit terms.  If you 
do not comply with the extended purchasing credit terms, we may reduce the value of the credit 
we offer to you.  Additionally, we may require you to pay an up-front fixed prepayment amount, 
that we establish, for each wireless device that you order.  We also may impose an interest rate on 
all purchases that are not paid for on time.  Currently, that rate is 1.5% per month, or the highest 
rate allowed by law if lower, from the date on which the purchases were made until the date on 
which the outstanding balances are paid.  We retain the right to deduct from Commissions due to 
you all amounts owed for purchases and other amounts you owe to us.  If at any time your financial 
situation changes, you have a poor payment record, or are otherwise not in good standing, we may 
no longer extend to you any purchasing credit terms and require that you purchase on a payment 
