FDD 2025 (October Amendment)
37 
program and all future mandatory training programs.  Any new general manager we approve must 
attend and satisfactorily complete our mandatory new franchisee training program.  You or your 
general manager must devote full time attention, which we estimate as a minimum of 40 hours per 
week, to managing, operating, and developing your Store’s business, except for reasonable 
vacation and sick time.  We do not dictate whom you may appoint as a general manager, but we 
must approve the person you select to act as general manager.  Your general manager need not 
have an equity ownership in your Store.  The general manager and any other parties that we may 
require, must, however, sign a written agreement to maintain confidentiality of our confidential 
information and trade secrets, assign developments to us, and comply with the covenants not to 
compete described in Item 17. The agreement must be in a form satisfactory to us, including 
specific identification of us as a third-party beneficiary, with the independent right to enforce the 
agreement.  We may require that you attend regularly scheduled meetings and ongoing training 
meetings even if you do retain a manager.  
We will disclose to you certain confidential or proprietary information and trade secrets. 
Except as is necessary for the operation of your Store and as we approve, you may not, during the 
term or at any time after the expiration or termination of the Franchise Agreement, regardless of 
the cause of termination, directly or indirectly, use for your own benefit or communicate or divulge 
to, or use for the benefit of any other person or entity, any trade secrets, confidential information, 
knowledge or know-how concerning the services, advertising, marketing, designs, plans, or 
methods of operation of your Store.  You may disclose to your employees only that confidential, 
proprietary or trade secret information as is necessary to operate the business and then only while 
the Franchise Agreement is in effect.  Any and all information, knowledge, or know-how, 
including materials, equipment, marketing, and other data, which we designate as secret or 
confidential will be deemed secret and confidential for purposes of the Franchise Agreement.  You 
also agree under the Franchise Agreement to disclose to us any ideas, concepts, techniques, or 
material concerning the System or the operation of the Store, including advertising materials, that 
you or your employees create.  All of these creations will be our property. 
You must ensure that your personnel having access to any of our trade secrets or 
confidential information sign covenants that they will maintain the confidentiality of information 
they receive in connection with their employment by you.  The covenants must be in a form 
satisfactory to us, including specific identification of us as a third-party beneficiary of the 
covenants, with the independent right to enforce them.  
Each Owner must sign the Guaranty of Performance attached as Exhibit 2 to the Franchise 
Agreement guaranteeing payment by you to us under the Franchise Agreement, under any other 
franchise agreements, and your performance of your obligations under all of these documents.   
Item 16 
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL 
You must offer and sell only the equipment and products and services that we have 
approved for sale through your Store.  The offer and sale of counterfeit, unauthorized or illegal 
goods is strictly prohibited. 
You must offer, on an exclusive basis, all inventory, and services that we designate as being 
required for all franchisees.  You may only use the Provider we designate.  You may also need to 
offer approved products and services of the Provider.  These required services include the sale, 
