2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
2 
Protected Territory is not an enclosed shopping mall) that are otherwise encompassed within such 
geographic area at any time.
A. 
Limits of Territory Protection.  You acknowledge that the prohibition set forth in Section 
1.05 above does not prohibit WZ LLC from granting a Wireless Zone® franchise for a location outside the 
Protected Territory, and it does not prevent WZ LLC or its affiliates from operating similar business within 
the Protected Territory under other names, or from granting franchises or licenses for such other businesses, 
even if such businesses would compete with the Wireless Zone® business You operate.  Further, WZ LLC’s 
Provider and the Provider’s subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, and subagents, including agents and subagents 
that are affiliates of WZ LLC, may operate within the Protected Territory in competition with the Franchise.  
1.06. 
Relocation.  You may not change the Location of the Franchise without the prior written 
approval of WZ LLC.  Such approval, which will not be unreasonably withheld, is contingent on You 
meeting the following conditions:  (i) demonstration of a valid business justification for moving the 
Franchise; (ii) approval of WZ LLC’s Provider, which may be granted or denied by the Provider for any 
reason; (iii) compliance with all of Your obligations under this Agreement, the Operations Manual and any 
other applicable policy, program, obligation or agreement; (iv) the proposed location must not be inside the 
Protected Territory of any other Wireless Zone® franchisee; (v) evidence of a valid lease for at least the 
remaining Term; and (vi) signing by You of a general release in favor of WZ LLC.  If You are approved to 
change the Location of the Franchise, WZ LLC will provide You with an amendment to this Agreement 
reflecting Your compliance with this Section 1.06. 
2. 
SYSTEM LICENSE AND GRANT OF RIGHT 
2.01. 
Wireless Zone System.  WZ LLC is the franchisor of the Wireless Zone® franchise system, 
under which independent owner/operators may purchase the right to operate a Wireless Zone® retail outlet 
(the “Store” or “Business”) and, through the Store, engage in the retail sale of wireless and wireline 
communications systems, devices and services, entertainment and security products and services, and the 
repair, replacement and installation of the same, as authorized and approved by WZ LLC through the 
Operations Manual and various programs, policies, supply and vendor agreements and other agreements 
promulgated from time-to-time by WZ LLC, and utilizing WZ LLC’s proprietary and confidential trade 
dress, design, image, know-how, protocol, services and products, prototypes, trade secrets, market analysis, 
sales and merchandising methods, training of franchisees and business personnel, advertising and marketing 
techniques, record keeping and business management (the “System”).  Franchisees in the System are also 
granted a license to use WZ LLC’s proprietary information, proprietary trade names, service marks, 
trademarks, logotypes, and designs (the “Trademarks”).  WZ LLC reserves the right to change any and all 
aspects of the System and the Trademarks at any time in the exercise of its sole discretion. 
A.
Modification of System.  You acknowledge and agree that WZ LLC retains the right to 
modify any and all aspects of the System and/or the Trademarks, as well as the products, items and services 
delivered under this Agreement, and to modify the standards, specifications and other requirements 
contained in the Operations Manual, the Provider Compliance Agreement (as defined in Section 2.04A)  
and any and all other programs, policies and agreements promulgated from time-to-time by WZ LLC.  You 
further acknowledge and agree that You must comply with any such changes at Your sole expense.  Nothing 
in this Agreement limits the frequency or cost of future changes to the System that WZ LLC may require.   
B. 
System Additions.  If You conceive or develop any improvements or additions to the 
System, new trade names, trade and service marks or other commercial symbols related to the Store, new 
products or services that might be offered in the Store, or any advertising or promotion ideas related to the 
Store (collectively, “Innovations”), You will fully disclose the Innovation(s) to WZ LLC, without 
disclosure of the Innovation(s) to others, and obtain WZ LLC’s written approval prior to the use of such 
