2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
41 
at the Location or in connection with the operation of the Business, (iii) in connection with any 
misrepresentation by You in this Agreement, and (iv) as a result of any breach by You of any of the terms 
of this Agreement or any agreement referenced herein.  WZ LLC will have the right to participate in and 
defend any claim that may be made against it or any of the Indemnitees that is the subject of this 
indemnification, and You will reimburse WZ LLC for all costs and attorneys’ fees it incurs in doing so.  
This provision will survive indefinitely the termination of this Agreement or the expiration of the Term.  
18. 
GENERAL CONDITIONS AND PROVISIONS
18.01. Titles for Convenience.  The titles of the sections and paragraphs are for convenience only 
and are not a part of the text of this Agreement.   
18.02. Entire Agreement.  This Agreement, including any incorporated documents, reflects the 
entire agreement of the parties.  All negotiations, commitments, representations, and understandings of the 
parties which have taken place are merged into this Agreement, provided that You may rely on WZ LLC’s 
representations in the most recent Franchise Disclosure Document WZ LLC delivered to You, including its 
exhibits and any amendments, in connection with this Agreement.  There are no other oral or written 
understandings or agreements that relate to this Agreement. 
18.03. Amendment in Writing.  The parties agree that no modification of this Agreement will 
be valid unless both parties sign such modification in writing, except (i) modifications to the Operations 
Manual, which will be made solely by WZ LLC, and (ii) any amendments or modifications signed by WZ 
LLC and by at least eighty percent (80%) of the Wireless Zone® stores in operation as of the date of 
modification will be binding upon You without Your signature or assent.  This Agreement may not be 
supplemented or otherwise modified, orally or by any course of dealing or performance.  Notwithstanding 
anything set forth in this Agreement to the contrary, WZ LLC may unilaterally modify or otherwise amend 
the Operations Manual and provide You notice of such changes through electronic communication, posting 
to a WZ LLC website or such other method as it may determine in its sole discretion. 
18.04. Relationship of the Parties. 
A. 
You are an independent contractor and not an agent, partner, employee, or joint venturer 
of WZ LLC.  Unless expressly provided for in this Agreement, WZ LLC will not be obligated to any person 
because of an agreement, representation or warranty made by You.  You will open and maintain all utility 
and trade accounts, leases, and other obligations in Your name only and not directly or indirectly state or 
give the impression that WZ LLC or Wireless Zone is responsible for payment of any such obligations.  
WZ LLC will not be obligated to pay any money or pay for damages to a third party because of Your action, 
failure to act, negligent act or willful conduct. 
B. 
WZ LLC will not be responsible for the actions of Your Owners, employees, or agents, 
financially or otherwise, including for any fraud, discrimination, harassment, or other torts allegedly 
perpetrated by them.  WZ LLC will not have any control over Your employees’ employment, discharge, 
pay, work performance, or working conditions. 
C. 
You will be responsible for all loss or damage originating in or in connection with the 
operation of the Store and from all claims resulting therefrom.  You will indemnify and hold harmless WZ 
LLC, its officers, directors, principals, employees, attorneys, and representatives from and against any 
claims, liabilities or costs which may be brought against WZ LLC or them because of Your operation of 
the Store or the actions of Your Owners, employees, or agents, including for any fraud, discrimination, 
harassment, or other torts allegedly perpetrated by them.  This provision will survive indefinitely the 
expiration or termination, for any reason, of this Agreement.  
