2025 FDD (October Amendment) 
Exhibit I State Addenda and Agreement Riders - Maryland 
AMENDMENT TO WIRELESS ZONE LLC 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF MARYLAND 
In recognition of the requirements of Maryland law, including the Maryland Franchise Registration and 
Disclosure Law, Annotated Code of Maryland, Article – Business Regulation, Title 14, Sections 14-201 
through 14-233, the parties to the attached Wireless Zone LLC Franchise Agreement (the “Agreement”) 
agree as follows:
1. 
The attached Wireless Zone LLC Franchise Agreement is supplemented by adding the following 
as a new Section at the end: 
20. 
MARYLAND AMENDMENT. 
A. 
Maryland Restrictions.   
1. 
Any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law 
must be brought within 3 years after the grant of the franchise.   
2. 
Any release required as part of this Agreement or as a condition of the sale, 
subsequent term, or assignment of the franchise will not apply to any liability under the Maryland Franchise 
Law.   
3. 
To the extent this Agreement requires you to disclaim the occurrence and/or 
acknowledge the non-occurrence of acts that would constitute a violation of the Maryland Franchise 
Registration and Disclosure Law in order to purchase the franchise, this Agreement is amended to reflect 
that these representations are not intended to nor will they act as a release, estoppel or waiver of any liability 
arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.  
4. 
Any provision in this Agreement which requires litigation to be conducted in a 
forum other than the State of Maryland will not limit any rights you may have under the Maryland Franchise 
Registration and Disclosure Law to bring suit in the State of Maryland, unless otherwise governed by the 
arbitration provisions of this Agreement. 
5.  
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a 
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) 
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) 
disclaiming reliance on any statement made by a franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on 
behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection 
with the franchise. 
6.  
Section 19 of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the 
following: “INTENTIONALLY OMITTED”. 
2. 
Each provision of this Amendment will be effective only to the extent that, with respect to the 
provision, the jurisdictional requirement of the Maryland statute is met independently of this Amendment.   
