2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
3 
Innovations.  Any such Innovation WZ LLC approves may be used by WZ LLC and its affiliates and all 
other franchisees of WZ LLC and its affiliates without any obligation to You for royalties or other 
compensation.  You hereby assign to WZ LLC, without charge, all rights, including the right to grant 
sublicenses to any such Innovation, together with the goodwill associated with the same.  WZ LLC may, at 
its discretion, make application for and own copyrights, trade names, trademarks and service marks relating 
to any such Innovation.  WZ LLC may consider such Innovations as its property and trade secret.  In 
exchange WZ LLC will, however, authorize You to utilize any Innovation authorized generally for use by 
other Wireless Zone® franchisees. 
C.
Other Systems.  WZ LLC expressly reserves for itself and for its affiliates the right to 
develop, operate and franchise similar or dissimilar systems, for the same, similar, or different products, 
goods and/or services, under trademarks, service marks and commercial symbols other than the 
Trademarks, without offering them to You. 
2.02. 
System Rights.  As of the Effective Date, WZ LLC grants You a limited license to use the 
System and the Trademarks (as defined in Section 2.01) to operate the Franchise at, and only at, the 
Location during the Term. The license gives You the right, through the Franchise and only through the 
Franchise, to sell, install, repair and service wireless and wireline devices, and to offer such other products 
and services, as prescribed and approved from time-to-time by WZ LLC and subject to the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement, the Operations Manual, the applicable Provider Compliance Agreement(s), 
and any and all other programs, policies, supply and vendor agreements and other agreements promulgated 
from time-to-time by WZ LLC. The license excludes any right to conduct business on the World Wide Web 
or the Internet, or to act as a Wireless Zone® franchisee anywhere except at the Location. If WZ LLC 
develops an e-commerce program and in its sole discretion, authorizes You to participate in the same, as 
such program may be established and modified by WZ LLC from time-to-time, WZ LLC will extend the 
license to permit participation in such authorized e-commerce program. You acknowledge and agree that 
the license granted by this Agreement is limited and that upon the termination of this Agreement, for any 
reason, or upon the expiration of the Term, the license granted to You will immediately terminate and You 
will cease to have any right to use the System or the Trademarks or to operate the Franchise.  
A. 
Other Channels of Distribution.  WZ LLC, in the exercise of its sole discretion, retains the 
right, directly or through intermediaries or affiliates (including, but not limited to, sub-agents and licensees), 
to distribute, sell or license the distribution of any products, under or in connection with the System or the 
Trademarks or any other trademarks, service marks, logos, and commercial symbols owned or licensed by 
WZ LLC, to any purchaser wherever located via alternative distribution channels including, but not limited 
to, wholesale, mail order or catalog business, online computer sales via the Internet, “e-commerce” or other 
computer sales methods, specialty sales, or via outbound telemarketing, toll free telephone numbers for 
delivery, other electronic means, or at or through department stores, big box stores, grocery stores, 
supermarkets, theme parks, airports, stadiums, arenas, and similar outlets, or by any other means other than 
from a Wireless Zone® store established in a traditional location under the System using the Trademarks or 
any other trademarks.  You are authorized to use the System and the Trademarks only to engage in retail 
sales to the general public and small businesses and only through Your Store and You will have no right to 
sell products through any alternative distribution channel. You have no right to share, and You should not 
expect to share, in any of the proceeds WZ LLC or its intermediaries or affiliates (including, but not limited 
to, sub-agents and licensees) or any other person receives in connection with any other channel of 
distribution except as specifically authorized by WZ LLC.   
2.03. 
Brand Protection.  You agree and acknowledge that the Wireless Zone® brand, the System 
and the Trademarks are valuable assets and that WZ LLC generates substantial goodwill from the brand, 
the System, and the Trademarks.  You further agree and acknowledge that it is a material breach of this 
Agreement that causes irreparable harm to WZ LLC and creates good cause for the immediate termination 
