2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
18 
services, including PCI compliance services, traffic monitoring and reporting systems, and digital, video 
and radio services, must be performed by WZ LLC or a supplier approved by WZ LLC.  WZ LLC and its 
affiliates may be an approved supplier or designated sole supplier for any of the foregoing products, 
services, supplies, equipment or other items You may use in the construction or the operation of Your Store.  
You hereby agree to purchase from WZ LLC or a vendor approved by WZ LLC, all such products, services, 
supplies, equipment or other items.  You acknowledge and agree that WZ LLC has the right to charge You 
for all such products, services, supplies, equipment, systems and other items, and to collect any amounts 
owed by You to it, or from any supplier approved by WZ LLC, to sell You any of the foregoing items.  You 
acknowledge and agree that WZ LLC may obtain revenue from You and make a profit on any products, 
services, supplies, equipment or other items it sells to You directly, or on behalf of, or through a third party.  
Before You open Your Store, WZ LLC may require that You certify in writing that You have obtained all 
permits and certifications required to operate Your Store, including all business or other licenses and all 
zoning, ADA, access, signs, and fire requirements.  You will provide clean restroom facilities for employees 
and customers in conformity with the applicable rules, laws, and regulations.  WZ LLC will not be 
responsible for any delays in the construction, equipping or decoration of Your Store.  If any signs, kiosks, 
and/or displays are provided by WZ LLC and/or our Provider at no cost to You, these signs, kiosks and 
displays remain the property of WZ LLC and/or the Provider. 
B. 
Maintenance and Renovation. You will at all times, and at Your sole expense, maintain the 
interior and exterior of Your Store, including all equipment, fixtures, facilities, and windows.  You will 
repair, refinish, re-image, or paint the interior and the exterior of the Store at Your own expense at such 
times as reasonably directed by WZ LLC, or our Provider,  and all work shall be completed in accordance 
with Section 10.05A.  You will comply immediately with all orders and regulations of applicable state and 
local health and safety officials.  From time-to-time, WZ LLC may direct You to complete renovations, at 
Your own expense, which are part of an individual or System-wide updating program. 
C. 
Cleanliness of Store.  You will maintain the Store premises following WZ LLC’s minimum 
standards of cleanliness and remove promptly all debris that originates in the area surrounding the Store.  
10.06. Inspection of Store.  In addition to WZ LLC’s right to review financial information under 
Section 10.07 and Section 11.03, You grant WZ LLC or WZ LLC’s representatives or agents the right at 
any time during normal business hours, and without prior notice, to enter and inspect Your Store and all 
aspects of the operation of Your Store, including Your general operations, inventory levels, equipment, 
service methods, cleanliness, management, and administration, to determine whether You are complying 
with the provisions of this Agreement and the operations standards of WZ LLC.  You will allow WZ LLC 
or WZ LLC’s representatives or agents to make extracts from or copies of any Store records and to take 
samples of any products sold and immediately remove any unauthorized products without any payment or 
other liability to You.  You will allow WZ LLC or WZ LLC’s representatives or agents (including any 
“secret shoppers”) to take photographs, videos, or any electronic recording of Your Store and to interview 
employees and customers.  You will provide any notice in the manner required by law to Your Store 
employees and customers necessary to advise them of, and authorize, WZ LLC’s inspection and monitoring 
techniques, and will otherwise direct Your Store employees to cooperate with WZ LLC or WZ LLC’s 
representatives or agents.  WZ LLC will have the exclusive right to use any photograph, video, electronic 
recording, or other material prepared in connection with an inspection for any purpose, and to identify Your 
Store, and WZ LLC will not have any obligation to obtain any further authorization from You, or to 
compensate You in any manner, in connection with the use of these materials for advertising, training or 
other purposes.  If, however, WZ LLC requests Your cooperation in taking and arranging for any 
photographs or other electronic recordings, You will provide such assistance, including assistance in 
obtaining any necessary consents of or assignments from individuals depicted in or involved in such 
photographs, videos, and/or electronic recordings.  You irrevocably assign to WZ LLC all of Your right, 
title and interest, if any, in all such photographs, videos and electronic recordings, together with all related 
