2025 FDD (October Amendment) 
Exhibit I State Addenda and Agreement Riders - California 
WIRELESS ZONE LLC 
CALIFORNIA ADDENDUM 
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS CALIFORNIA ADDENDUM MUST 
BE REVIEWED IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Wireless Zone LLC Franchise Disclosure Document, the 
following provisions shall supersede any inconsistent provisions and apply to all Wireless Zone® franchises 
offered and sold in the state of California: 
In recognition of the requirements of the California Franchise Investment Law, Cal. Corporations Code 
Sections 31000 et seq., the Franchise Disclosure Document for Wireless Zone LLC for use in the State of 
California is amended as follows: 
The registration of this franchise offering by the California Department of Financial Protection and 
Innovation does not constitute approval, recommendation, or endorsement by the commissioner.
Item 3 of the Disclosure Document is supplemented by adding the following at the end: 
“Neither we, nor any person or franchise broker in Item 2 of the Disclosure Document, is subject 
to any currently effective order of any national securities association or national securities 
exchange, as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 15 U.S.C.A. 78a et seq., suspending 
or expelling the person from membership in the association or exchange.” 
Item 17 is supplemented by adding the following at the end: 
“California Business & Professions Code Sections 20000 through 20043 provide rights to the 
franchisee concerning termination, transfer and nonrenewal of a franchise.  If the Franchise 
Agreement contains a provision that is inconsistent with the law, the law will control.” 
If any earnings claim is made, and the earnings claim figure(s) does (do) not include either costs of sales or 
operating expenses, then, in addition to the information required by Item 19, all Disclosure Documents shall 
contain the following statement prominently set forth in Item 19 or set forth in a preface, exhibit or 
appendix, which is part of the Disclosure Document. If the statement is set forth in a preface, exhibit or 
appendix, a reference to the preface, exhibit or appendix shall be prominently set forth in Item 19: 
The earnings claims figure(s) does (do) not reflect the costs of sales, operating expenses, or other 
costs or expenses that must be deducted from the gross revenue or gross sales figures to obtain your 
net income or profit. You should conduct an independent investigation of the costs and expenses 
you will incur in operating your (franchised business). Franchisees or former franchisees, listed in 
the Disclosure Document, may be one source of this information.  
The Franchise Agreement contains a covenant not to compete which extends beyond the termination of the 
franchise.  A contract that restrains a former franchisee from engaging in a lawful trade or business may be 
void under California Business and Professions Code Section 16600.Certain liquidated damages clauses 
are unenforceable under California Civil Code Section 1671. 
The Franchise Agreement requires application of the law of the State of Indiana.  This provision may not 
be enforceable under California law.   
With certain exceptions for actions WZ LLC may bring, the Franchise Agreement requires disputes to be 
resolved by mediation in a location selected by the mediator and by arbitration in Indiana, and if litigation 
