1 
2025 FDD (October Amendment) 
Exhibit E Addendum Re: Data Protection and Security 
Exhibit 1 
Standards for the Protection of Personal Information of Residents of the Commonwealth 
(Massachusetts) 
201 CMR 17.00:  STANDARDS FOR THE PROTECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION OF 
RESIDENTS OF THE COMMONWEALTH
Section: 
17.01:  Purpose and Scope 
17.02:  Definitions 
17.03:  Duty to Protect and Standards for Protecting Personal Information 
17.04:  Computer System Security Requirements 
17.05:  Compliance Deadline 
17.01  Purpose and Scope
(1)  Purpose 
This regulation implements the provisions of M.G.L. c. 93H relative to the standards to be met by 
persons who own or license personal information about a resident of the Commonwealth of 
Massachusetts.  This regulation establishes minimum standards to be met in connection with the 
safeguarding of personal information contained in both paper and electronic records.  The objectives 
of this regulation are to insure the security and confidentiality of customer information in a manner 
fully consistent with industry standards; protect against anticipated threats or hazards to the security 
or integrity of such information; and protect against unauthorized access to or use of such information 
that may result in substantial harm or inconvenience to any consumer. 
(2)  Scope 
The provisions of this regulation apply to all persons that own or license personal information about 
a resident of the Commonwealth. 
17.02  Definitions
The following words as used herein shall, unless the context requires otherwise, have the following 
meanings: 
Breach of security, the unauthorized acquisition or unauthorized use of unencrypted data or, 
encrypted electronic data and the confidential process or key that is capable of compromising the 
security, confidentiality, or integrity of personal information, maintained by a person or agency that 
creates a substantial risk of identity theft or fraud against a resident of the commonwealth.  A good 
faith but unauthorized acquisition of personal information by a person or agency, or employee or 
agent thereof, for the lawful purposes of such person or agency, is not a breach of security unless 
the personal information is used in an unauthorized manner or subject to further unauthorized 
disclosure. 
Electronic, relating to technology having electrical, digital, magnetic, wireless, optical, 
electromagnetic or similar capabilities. 
Encrypted, the transformation of data into a form in which meaning cannot be assigned without the 
use of a confidential process or key. 
