FDD 2025 (October Amendment)
28 
have obtained all permits and certifications required to operate the Store, including all business 
and/or other licenses and all zoning, access, signs, and fire requirements.  (Franchise Agreement 
– Section 10.05.) 
5. 
Identify the approved products and services that you must offer at your Store.  (Franchise 
Agreement – Sections 2.04. and 10.02.) We will also offer to sell you the items of inventory we 
offer. (Franchise Agreement – Section 1.03.) 
6. 
Provide you and any of your managerial employees (as space permits) with operational, 
sales and promotional training intended to prepare you for the management and operation of your 
Store.  (Franchise Agreement – Section 9.01.) See below in this Item 11 for more information 
about our training program.  
7. 
At your request, we will assist you with the development of an initial marketing program 
campaign if we require that you develop an initial marketing program campaign.  You will bear 
the cost of any initial marketing program campaign.  (Franchise Agreement – Section 7.03.) 
Ongoing Obligations 
During the operation of your Store: 
1. 
We may conduct additional training classes during the year.  We may make attendance at 
these training classes mandatory. There may be a fee for attendance at these training classes and 
you will be responsible for all travel expenses associated with attending. In addition, mandatory 
regularly scheduled franchisee meetings are held at various locations to provide updates on 
procedures, marketing programs, products, and other information.  There will be no charge to you 
for attendance at these franchisee meetings, but you are responsible for travel expenses associated 
with attending these meetings for yourself and your employees.  If you or any of your employees 
register for a training class, meeting, or seminar, but fail to attend, or fail to attend a mandatory 
meeting, we may charge a “no-show fee”.  (Franchise Agreement – Section 9.02.) 
2. 
If we determine you need additional training after you complete the new franchisee training 
program, we will furnish additional virtual operational, sales, and promotional training to assist 
you in the management and operation of your Store. We will charge you a fee for such additional 
training when requested to be in person at a chosen Store.  The applicable fee range depends on 
the type and duration of the training.  We may also provide additional customized training or make 
available training programs online or through other forms of electronic communication.  
(Franchise Agreement – Section 9.02.) 
3. 
We will pay you the amount of Commissions and Residuals received from the Provider 
that are attributable to your Store, less deductions for amounts you owe us.  (Franchise Agreement 
– Section 6.02.) 
4. 
We will offer to sell certain approved devices and accessories to you at the published 
wholesale price we paid for the product.  (Franchise Agreement – Section 10.02.) 
5. 
We may provide suggested retail prices, but you will determine the prices at which you 
offer products and services, subject to our right to establish minimums and maximums.  (Franchise 
Agreement – Section 10.09.)  
6. 
We will let you use our proprietary trademarks.  (Franchise Agreement – Section 3.)  
