2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
20 
WZ LLC furnishes to You is by way of recommendation only and is not binding on You or mandatory.  
You do agree, however, that to preserve the goodwill of the System and other Stores that operate within the 
System, You will comply with any minimum and maximum pricing WZ LLC may establish, unless the 
Business operates in a jurisdiction that prohibits the establishment of such prices.
10.10. Your Employees.  You will employ and properly train a sufficient number of managers 
and other employees, to service the customers of Your Store, in keeping with WZ LLC’s quality-oriented 
philosophy.  At no time may any person work in Your Store that has not been satisfactorily trained in the 
WZ LLC System and satisfactorily completed all training programs provided by the Provider servicing 
Your Protected Territory.  
10.11. Hours of Operation. You agree to be open for business seven (7) days a week throughout 
the Term, and during the hours as set out in the Operations Manual which are subject to change by WZ 
LLC, and subject to the terms of Your lease.  Any changes that You need to make to Your operating days 
and/or hours must be submitted in advance to WZ LLC for our approval.  
10.12. Franchise Cooperation.  You acknowledge the importance of promoting goodwill within 
the Wireless Zone® franchise System, and You agree to provide service, exchanges, and refunds for 
purchases made by customers at other Wireless Zone® franchised Stores.  Each franchisee will settle the 
account directly with the franchisee who provides service, exchange, or refund under this requirement.  If 
You or another franchisee fails to do so, WZ LLC will have the authority and right to resolve the matter 
and to recover any costs incurred by WZ LLC in so doing in the same manner and at the same time WZ 
LLC deducts, or collects payment of, Your WZ LLC Royalties. If WZ LLC so acts, WZ LLC will incur no 
liability to either franchisee, provided WZ LLC acts in good faith and exercises reasonable business 
judgment. 
10.13. Accounts Payable.  You must make full payment for all accounts with WZ LLC, 
including, without limitation, inventory purchases, within the terms stated on the invoices, in the Operations 
Manual, or in any other agreements, documents or instruments that may evidence the accounts, without any 
defense, claim or off-set other than for defective products and manufacturers’ discontinued merchandise 
returned under an approved “WZ LLC Return Authorization.”  You must also pay, before an account 
becomes delinquent, Your trade accounts and other creditors, including Your landlord.
10.14. Security Agreement; Electronic Funds Transfer Authorization.  In order to secure 
Your prompt performance of Your obligations to WZ LLC, You grant to WZ LLC and WZ LLC takes a 
first priority security interest in all of Your assets, including, without limitation, all present and after 
acquired inventory and equipment wherever located, accounts, deposit accounts, chattel paper, instruments, 
contract rights (including Your rights under this Agreement), and general intangibles, including payment 
intangibles, and all proceeds and products thereof, including insurance proceeds.  You must sign WZ LLC’s 
standard Security Agreement, in the form attached to this Agreement as Exhibit 3 and standard Electronic 
Funds Transfer Authorization, in the form attached to this Agreement as Exhibit 4.  You authorize WZ LLC 
to file a copy of the Security Agreement, the Electronic Funds Transfer Authorization, any UCC-1 
Financing Statements, and any other documents that may be necessary to perfect, attach, or continue WZ 
LLC’s security interest in the foregoing, with or without Your signature.
10.15. The World Wide Web and Internet.  Except as may be specifically authorized in writing 
by WZ LLC, You may not, during the Term or after its expiration or termination for any reason, develop, 
create, generate, own, license, lease, or otherwise use any computer media and/or electronic media 
(including without limitation any Intranet, Internet, World Wide Web, social media or social networking 
site, bulletin board, news group, blog, website, webpage, profile, account, hashtag, or avatar) that in any 
manner use, make reference to or display WZ LLC’s or Provider’s trademarks, or confusingly similar names 
