2 
2025 FDD (October Amendment) 
Exhibit C Agreement and Conditional Consent to Transfer 
C. 
Transferee / Franchisee] shall pay to Franchisor the transfer fee of [AMOUNT] on the Transfer 
Date. 
D. 
The [Transferee / Franchisee] will bear liability for renovation and modernization of the Franchise 
Store as directed by Franchisor to meet Franchisor’s prevailing design criteria and will pay all costs, fees and 
expenses related to or arising out of the renovation and modernization.  The renovation and modernization will be 
completed on or before a date that is to be determined by the parties. 
E. 
On the Transfer Date, Franchisee will [assign / return, subject to Franchisor’s current return 
policies,] all inventory in stock at the Franchised Store as of the Transfer Date to [Transferee / Franchisor] on the 
Transfer Date.  Notwithstanding receipt of any inventory assigned by Franchisee, Transferee will purchase an initial 
inventory order from Franchisor with a value of at least fifty-thousand US dollars ($50,000), on payment terms 
acceptable to Franchisor. 
F. 
Franchisee and Transferee have negotiated the Transfer without involvement by Franchisor and 
that, except for the preparation and execution of this Agreement for the purpose of exercising Franchisor’s right to 
consent, Franchisor has not participated in the transaction between them and, therefore, has no knowledge of, and 
does not attest to, and has no obligations for, the accuracy of any representations or warranties made by or between 
Franchisee and Transferee in connection with this transfer.  
3. 
Obligations and Representation.  As a further condition of Franchisor’s consent, Franchisee and Transferee 
separately represent and warrant the following: 
A. 
Transferee Obligations and Representations.  Transferee represents and warrants that:  
i. 
Transferee has received disclosure of all franchise documents, including the New Franchise 
Agreement and Franchisor’s FDD, and that it has reviewed and acknowledged disclosure and receipt of the same.   
ii. 
Transferee has the financial resources, character and ability to operate the Franchised Store in 
compliance with the New Franchise Agreement.  
iii. 
Transferee has executed Franchisor’s New Franchise Agreement and all related and ancillary 
documents. 
iv. 
Transferee has complied, and will continue to comply, with all requirements of Franchisor, 
including participation in training, purchasing inventory and equipment, updating fixtures and other preparations 
for operating the business beginning on the Transfer Date, or at such other time as Transferee and Franchisor may 
agree.   
v. 
Transferee has or will enter into a lease or take assignment of an existing lease or enter into a 
sublease for the premises of the Franchises Store, effective as of the Transfer Date, and will provide evidence of 
such lease, sublease or assignment to Franchisor in a form satisfactory to Franchisor. 
vi. 
Transferee has received all required approvals from the Provider or Providers (as such term is 
defined in the New Franchise Agreement) that serves the geographic area in which the Franchised Store operates.   
B. 
Franchisee Obligations and Representations.  Franchisee represents and warrants that:  
i. 
Franchisee has executed a termination agreement between itself and Franchisor, effective as of the 
Transfer Date.  
ii. 
Franchisee has complied, and will continue to comply, with all obligations under the termination 
agreement, including but not limited to payment of all amounts due and owing to Franchisor, whether under the 
Existing Franchise Agreement or any other agreement, closure of demo lines and the return of customer records 
and trademarked and proprietary materials to Franchisor. 
iii. 
Franchisee is not in default of the Existing Franchise Agreement. 
