2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
22 
C. 
Business Records.  You will furnish WZ LLC, in form and manner and at times and in 
places as reasonably required by WZ LLC, complete and accurate information, records, documents and 
other business information (other than employment records) as requested by WZ LLC.  You agree that WZ 
LLC may require the use of in-store computers, point-of-sale systems, cash register equipment or other 
types of equipment located at Your franchise location to produce such materials.  Information that WZ LLC 
may request, all of which is defined as “Business Records,” and includes but is not limited to the following:  
(i) purchasing records; (ii) sales records; (iii) vendor information (whether or not such vendor was approved 
by WZ LLC); (iv) customer records, including contracts, sales data, information on devices, records of 
activations, returns and deactivations; (v) banking and financial account records; (vi) tax records and filings; 
(vii) repair activity; (viii) replacement devices; (ix) inventory; and (x) discount and incentive programs 
offered at Your Store.
D. 
Acknowledgement.  You acknowledge that WZ LLC is relying on the accuracy of all 
information You and Your employees provide to WZ LLC, including information You provided WZ LLC 
during the application process to purchase this Franchise. You agree that all information that You and Your 
employees and agents provide will be truthful, accurate, complete, and in compliance with all applicable 
laws and with all policies or requirements WZ LLC implements from time-to-time.  
E. 
Failure to Comply.  Your failure to properly maintain all required records, or to ensure the 
accuracy and completeness of required records, to provide WZ LLC with all records or reports as requested, 
or to cooperate with any audit of Your books and records permitted under this Agreement, will constitute a 
breach and default of this Agreement. WZ LLC is entitled to reimbursement from You for any and all 
expenses WZ LLC incurs in connection with curing or mitigating such a breach, including but not limited 
to reasonable accounting and legal fees.  Your obligation to reimburse costs under this Section 11.03.E is 
without prejudice to any other rights or remedies WZ LLC may have under this Agreement, at law or in 
equity.
F. 
Ownership of Information.  All of the information WZ LLC obtains from You about the 
Business, and all information in WZ LLC’s records or Your records concerning Your customers (the 
“Information”) is WZ LLC’s property.  You may use the Information during the Term in the operation of 
the Business, but for no other purpose, to the extent lawful and at Your sole risk and responsibility.  We 
may use the Information for any purpose WZ LLC determines in its reasonable business judgment, and any 
revenues WZ LLC may derive from the Information will be WZ LLC’s property.  Following termination 
of this Agreement, or expiration of the Term, You will no longer use any of the Information, except as may 
be necessary to comply with Your post-termination obligations under this Agreement.
11.04. Inspections and Audit.   
A. 
WZ LLC Right to Audit.  WZ LLC has the right to determine whether You are complying 
with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Operations Manual, including but not limited to 
the operational and performance standards, the financial reporting requirements and the ethical and business 
practices of the Wireless Zone® system.  WZ LLC, in its sole discretion, may conduct audits, store visits, 
inspections, mystery shopping surveys and other forms of review during the Term.  WZ LLC will provide 
You with at least forty-eight (48) hours’ prior notice to any inspection or audit; provided, however that WZ 
LLC has the right to conduct an inspection or audit at any time and without notice to You if WZ LLC has 
a reasonable basis to believe that You are in violation of any material term or condition of this Agreement.  
You and WZ LLC acknowledge that such audits may be made while the Store is open for business.
B. 
Supplier Audits.  You agree that the Provider, and any supplier or vendor so designated by 
WZ LLC, will have the right to conduct its own Store visits, inspections, or audits, with or without prior 
