FDD 2025 (October Amendment)
35 
You must follow our rules when you use our trademarks.  You cannot use the names or 
trademarks, or confusingly similar names or trademarks, as part of a business entity name, e-mail, 
or Internet address or with modifying words, designs, or symbols, unless we expressly license their 
use to you for this purpose. You will not open any vendor accounts using the trademarks. You may 
not use our name or trademarks in connection with the sale of an unauthorized product or service, 
for obtaining credit from any lender or lending institution or from vendors, suppliers, or merchants, 
or in any manner not authorized in writing by us.  You may not, during the term of the Franchise 
Agreement or after its expiration or termination for any reason, develop, create, generate, own, 
license, lease or otherwise use any computer media and/or electronic media (including any 
Intranet, Internet, World Wide Web, social media or social networking sites, bulletin boards, news 
group, blogs, websites, webpage, profile, account, hashtag or avatar) that in any manner use or 
display our trademarks, or confusingly similar names or trademarks.  You may not, during the term 
of the Franchise Agreement or after its expiration or termination for any reason, in any manner use 
or employ any meta tag, link, frame or similar device to, or for any website or social media site of 
ours.
You may not, during the term of the Franchise Agreement or after its expiration or 
termination for any reason, sell, give, provide to, or otherwise assist any third party who is not our 
franchisee to obtain any advertising, signs, posters, point of sale materials, promotional materials, 
or other materials containing our trademarks, including the trade dress.   
You may not use our confidential information or trademarks, including trade dress, for the 
purpose of machine learning, augmented human intelligence development, training any artificial 
intelligence (“AI”) model, algorithm improvement, or similar data aggregation activities. You may 
not input any of our confidential information, including any aspect of the System or of the 
Operations Manual into any generative AI platform, or disclose such information to any provider 
or source of generative AI services.  You must opt out of allowing any provider or source of 
generative AI to utilize our confidential information for training of any AI model or for other 
purposes. 
No agreements limit the right to use or license the use of the trademarks.  There are 
presently no material determinations of the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the 
Trademark Trial and Appeal Board, the trademark administrator of any state, or any court, nor any 
pending interference, opposition, or cancellation proceedings or material litigation, involving the 
principal trademarks.  
You must notify us immediately when you learn about an infringement of, or challenge to 
your use of, our trademarks.  We will take the action we think is appropriate.  While we are not 
required to defend you against a claim against your use of our trademarks, we will reimburse you 
for any damages for which you are held liable and your reasonable costs in connection with 
defending Wireless Zone® trademarks.  To receive a reimbursement, you must have notified us 
immediately when you learn about the infringement or challenge and cooperated with us.  We 
alone will control any action involving the trademarks.  You will assist us in our pursuit of the 
action.   
You must modify or discontinue the use of a trademark if we modify or discontinue it.  If 
this happens, we will not reimburse you for your costs of compliance, including for example 
changing signs and other trademarked materials.  You must not directly or indirectly contest our 
right to the trademarks, trade secrets or business techniques that are part of our System.  
We do not know of any infringing uses that could materially affect your use of our 
trademarks.  
