2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
30 
12.03. Operation by a Business Organization.  You may sign this Agreement as the franchisee 
if all of the following conditions are met:  
A. 
You must conduct no business other than that of Your Wireless Zone® franchise. 
B. 
A 51% Owner must actively manage You and own, control, and direct its operations, either 
through binding written agreements, governing documents, or voting power.  In addition, The persons You 
represent to WZ LLC to be Your Owners must continue to own all of the ownership interests in You, subject 
transfers effected in the manner permitted under Section 12.02, and they must actively manage You, and 
own, control, and direct its operations, either through binding written agreements, governing documents, 
or voting power.   
C. 
Each of Your Owners must meet WZ LLC’s standards and each Owner must personally 
guarantee performance of all of Your obligations under this Agreement and agree to perform all provisions 
of this Agreement by signing WZ LLC’s then-current form of Guaranty of Performance.  All Owners who 
did not sign a Guaranty of Performance at the date of this Agreement, must submit an accurate and complete 
franchise application to WZ LLC and must meet WZ LLC’s then-current requirements for new franchisees. 
D. 
You must provide WZ LLC with copies of all of Your governing documents (articles of 
incorporation or organization, bylaws, stock certificates or membership certificates, agreements among 
Owners, etc.). 
E. 
Your governing documents must recite that the issuance and assignment of any ownership 
interest (i.e., corporate stock, partnership or membership interests) are restricted by the terms of this 
Agreement. 
F. 
You must be in good standing in the state of Your incorporation or formation, and must be 
qualified to do business and in good standing in the state in which Your Business is located, if applicable 
because it was not incorporated or formed in that state.  You must provide WZ LLC with good standing 
certificates upon WZ LLC’s request.  
G. 
You must promptly notify WZ LLC of any proposed ownership changes in You or in Your 
governing documents and obtain WZ LLC’s consent to a Transfer (subject to the provisions of 
Section 12.02) of a majority of the ownership interest in You.  A change in majority ownership effected 
cumulatively in more than one transaction is a Transfer.  In such event, You must sign the then-current 
franchise documents for the remaining Term, or at WZ LLC’s option, You may enter into an assignment 
and assumption of this Agreement; and in either event You must assume responsibility for all existing 
liabilities.  You must pay WZ LLC the then-current transfer fee.  If any new individual approved by WZ 
LLC acquires an interest in You during the Term, the individual must sign WZ LLC’s then-current Guaranty 
of Performance as required by Section 12.03.C.  
H. 
At all times during the Term, the lease and legal and beneficial title to the assets of the 
Business must be in Your name.  Failure to comply with this Section 12.03 is a default of this Agreement 
and may result in immediate termination of this Agreement without opportunity to cure under 
Section 14.01.B. 
I. 
You may not operate the Business under the name of another Business Organization or 
transfer this Agreement and/or Your assets and liabilities to another Business Organization, even when it 
is owned by the same persons and in the same percentages as own You, unless You follow the requirements 
of this Section 12.03, for each Business Organization, as applicable.  You must pay WZ LLC the then-
