2025  Franchise Agreement (October Amendment) 
6 
receive the necessary acceptance from both WZ LLC and WZ LLC’s Provider.  WZ LLC’s acceptance may 
be granted or withheld for any reason at WZ LLC’s sole discretion.  WZ LLC, in deciding to accept any 
location, may consider such factors as the condition of the immediate surroundings, traffic patterns, 
visibility, size, layout, rental and lease terms, competition, and growth trends. Upon request of WZ LLC, 
You must submit a letter of intent or other evidence of the rental and lease terms for the Location. WZ 
LLC’s or WZ LLC’s Provider’s acceptance of a location does not constitute a representation or warranty 
that the Store will be profitable or that Your sales will attain any predetermined levels.  You agree that WZ 
LLC’s and WZ LLC’s Provider’s acceptance or rejection of a proposed site will not impose any liability or 
obligation on WZ LLC or Provider.  If You have not received acceptance for a Location within one hundred 
eighty (180) days after the Effective Date, You will be in breach and this Agreement will be subject to 
immediate termination. If WZ LLC terminates this Agreement as the result of a breach of this Section 4.01, 
then notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, WZ LLC will refund the initial franchise 
fee paid by You, less WZ LLC’s incurred expenses to the date of termination, if You sign a general release 
releasing WZ LLC and its affiliates from all claims You may have against any of them.   
4.02. 
Lease.  Prior to opening the Store, You must enter into a lease for the Location with an 
initial term of at least three (3) years.  Further,  the  lessee of the Location under the lease must be the 
identical  entity as the Franchisee and the lease may not refer to the Provider. WZ LLC will not offer You 
legal or business advice or direction regarding the terms of the lease or the negotiation of the lease. WZ 
LLC may, in its sole discretion, review the lease for compliance with this Agreement, in particular the use 
of the Trademarks, and may require You to negotiate changes to the lease to ensure compliance with this 
Agreement. You must deliver a copy of the fully signed lease (including any renewals or amendments to 
the lease) to WZ LLC within fifteen (15) days after the lease or applicable agreement is fully signed.  
4.03. 
Lease Termination.  If the lease for the Location is not renewed or is otherwise terminated 
prior to the end of the Term, You must receive approval for a relocation of the Franchise and enter into 
another Lease in compliance with Section 4.02. within thirty (30) days after the expiration or termination 
of the prior lease.  You will be in breach, and this Agreement will be subject to termination if You are 
unable to operate the Store for more than thirty (30) consecutive days at any time during the Term arising 
out of the non-renewal or termination of the Lease.  
5. 
TERM OF FRANCHISE AGREEMENT AND RENEWAL OPTION  
5.01. 
Effective Date and Term.  The Effective Date of this Agreement is the day on which WZ 
LLC signs the Agreement unless this Agreement is signed as part of the renewal of an existing franchise, 
in which case the Effective Date will be the first calendar day following the expiration date of the previous 
franchise agreement. The term of this Agreement will be seven (7) years from the Effective Date (the 
“Term”).    
5.02. 
Renewal.  At the expiration of the Term, You may be eligible to continue the operation of 
the Franchise by entering into WZ LLC’s then-current form of franchise agreement, if You are able to 
satisfy the following conditions:  
A. 
Notification.  You must notify WZ LLC, in writing, of Your interest in continuing the 
operation of the Franchise no earlier than nine (9) months and no later than six (6) months prior to the 
expiration of the Term.  You acknowledge and agree that this is a material obligation under this Agreement 
and that if You fail to timely provide such notice or fail to timely meet the conditions for renewal set forth 
below, such failure will be a decision on Your part, and not on the part of WZ LLC, to not renew the 
Franchise.  You further acknowledge and agree WZ LLC will rely on Your decision not to renew the 
Franchise in soliciting and negotiating with prospective franchisees for a franchise in the Protected 
Territory.   
