FDD 2025 (October Amendment)
2 
The Business We Offer 
We grant franchises for the operation of retail outlets (“Stores”) operating under the mark 
Wireless Zone® and any other trademarks, trade names, service marks and related logos we may 
develop and authorize for Stores (the “Trademarks”) and certain systems relating to the 
establishment, development, and operation of a Store (the “System”).  Our business includes the 
sale of goods and services to our franchisees.  We may also license the trademark Wireless Zone®
and other proprietary rights to others in connection with the production and sale of Wireless Zone®
brand products.  We also sell directly and may license others to sell goods and services in 
connection with the trademark Wireless Zone® or any other trademarks, other than from a retail 
outlet.  These other means of selling, also referred to as other channels of distribution, include 
direct sales by us via the Internet and outbound telemarketing and may include sales of goods and 
services by catalog, mail-order, toll-free telephone numbers for delivery, or other electronic means.   
The franchise is for the operation of a retail store specializing in the sale of wireless 
products, wireless services, and accessories. This includes smartphones, tablets, watches, 
smartphone and tablet accessories, wireless home internet, and other services and products 
associated with devices.   
The Market and Competition 
The market for the products and services offered by a Store is developed and continues to 
evolve.  You will offer products and services to the general public and small businesses.  Sales of 
certain products and services are moderately seasonal.  You will compete with other retail outlets 
and competitors offering products and services via the Internet and through other channels of 
distribution.  These competitors include service providers that provide the communication services 
to your customers for the wireless products, wireless services, and accessories you will sell; other 
Wireless Zone® stores, branded stores owned or licensed by large and small chains and franchise 
systems including outlets owned or operated by our affiliate, TCC, operating under the service mark 
“TCC”; and department stores, big box stores, and other vendors of personal communication 
devices, entertainment, and security products and services, and Internet-based vendors.   
Applicable Laws and Regulations 
There are specific industry regulations that govern the operation of your Store. Retail sales 
of cell phone products, services, and accessories are highly regulated by state and federal 
authorities.  Applicable laws and regulations address consumer sales and export sales, including:  
the Federal Communications Commission Wireless Local Number Portability regulations which 
require cell phone providers to allow individuals to switch cell phone providers while keeping the 
original cell phone number or to transfer a number previously assigned to a landline to a new cell 
phone; export laws, including the United States Export Administration Act and COCOM 
(Coordinating Committee for Multilateral Export Controls), which limit shipping high technology 
devices, including wireless telephones and other products, internationally; the Discriminations and 
Preferences law (47 U.S.C.A. Section 202) which prohibits telecommunications providers from 
giving a preference to a person, class, locality, etc., for charges, classifications, regulations, 
facilities or services; federal, state or local laws, rules or regulations for the sales of specific 
products and services you offer or that are sold to you, including limited lines insurance products 
and products purchased on installment plans or offered with customer financing; federal and state 
business registration, licensing and tax laws; and data/privacy/security compliance requirements 
for business data, customer data, which may include personal information and the disclosures you 
