4 
2025 FDD (October Amendment) 
Exhibit C Agreement and Conditional Consent to Transfer 
not known, expected or anticipated to exist in our favor of Franchisee against the Released Parties regardless of 
whether any unknown, unsuspected or unanticipated claim would materially affect settlement and compromise of 
any matter mentioned herein.  Franchisee hereby expressly, knowingly, and intentionally waive any and all rights, 
benefits, and protections of Section 1542 and of any other state or federal statute or common law principle limiting 
the scope of a general release, as well as under any other statutes or common law principles of similar effect to 
Section 1542, whether now or hereinafter existing under the laws of California, or any other applicable federal and 
state law with jurisdiction over the parties’ relationship.  Franchisee has been made aware of, and understand, the 
provisions of California Civil Code Section 1542 (“Section 1542”), which provides:  
“A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR 
RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE 
TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE 
MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED 
PARTY.” 
In making this voluntary express waiver, Franchisee acknowledge that claims or facts in addition to or 
different from those that are now known or believed to exist with respect to the matters mentioned herein may later 
be discovered and that it is our intention to hereby fully and forever settle and release any and all matters, regardless 
of the possibility of later discovered claims or facts. This Release is and shall be and remain a full, complete and 
unconditional general release.  Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that the foregoing waiver of Section 1542 is an 
essential, integral and material term of this Release. 
Release Not Admission.  Franchisee understands and agrees that the giving or acceptance of this 
Release and the agreements contained herein shall not constitute or be construed as an admission of any 
liability by Franchisor or an admission of the validity of any claims made by or against Franchisor. 
C. 
[IF FRANCHISEE IS A RESIDENT OF OR IF FRANCHISED STORE IS OPERATED WITHIN 
WASHINGTON] The foregoing release does not waive any liability the franchisor may have under the Washington 
Franchise Investment Protection Act, RCW 19.100, and the rules adopted thereunder. 
5. 
Franchisor Consent and Representations.  Under Section 12 of the Existing Franchise Agreement, the 
Transfer cannot take place without the consent of the Franchisor.  Contingent upon Franchisee’s and Transferee’s 
compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement on or before 12:01 am of [DATE] (the “Transfer 
Date”), Franchisor consents, represents and warrants as follows: 
A. 
Franchisor consents to the Transfer. 
B. 
Franchisor waives its right under Section 12 of the Existing Franchise Agreement to first refusal 
regarding the Franchised Store; 
C. 
Franchisor directs Franchisee to deliver to Transferee at the Transfer Date, for Transferee’s use in 
accordance with the terms of the New Franchise Agreement, any and all physical Trademark Assets, including but 
not limited to signs, fixtures and promotional materials, in the possession of Franchisee.  
6. 
Singular Consent. Franchisee and Transferee acknowledge and agree that Franchisor’s execution of this 
Agreement is not intended to provide, and will not be construed as providing, Franchisor’s consent with regard to 
a transfer of any right or interest under any other agreement not specifically identified herein. Such consent must 
be separately obtained. 
7. 
Changed Circumstances. Franchisee and Transferee understand and acknowledge that Franchisor may, in 
the future, approve transfers under different terms, conditions and policies than those stated in this Agreement. 
Franchisor’s consent and waivers of the right of first refusal under this Agreement will not be relied upon in future 
transactions as indicative of Franchisor’s position or the conditions which might be attached to future consents or 
waivers of its right of first refusal. 
8. 
Indemnification.  
A. 
Franchisee agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Franchisor, its officers, directors, 
principals, employees and representatives from and against any claims, losses, liabilities, costs or damages arising 
