FDD 2025 (October Amendment)
18 
upon size, condition and location of the leased premises, the condition of leasehold 
improvements, and the prevailing rents in the area.  Our estimates do not take into account 
the effect of a tenant improvement allowance on the rent, common area maintenance 
charges and taxes you must pay or effect of market forces, including desirability of market, 
location and whether Store is located in a mall.  The estimates in the chart above are made 
up of a security deposit of 2 month’s rent plus 3 months’ rent and assume that you do not 
begin to pay rent until you open your Store.  We have not included any additional rent 
payable over the duration of your Franchise Agreement. Improvements may include 
completion of interior walls, painting, installation of flooring and doors, and electrical 
upgrades.  
(3) 
Business equipment and supplies may include fax and copy machines, telephones, safes, 
and furniture.  It also covers the amounts you may pay to purchase and install a traffic 
counter device and related software.  See Item 5. 
(4) 
You must purchase from us all products, services and other items making up your Point of 
Sale Environment.  Currently, this includes setup of 2 desktop point-of-sale (POS) setups, 
4 mobile point-of-sale tablets, at least 2 credit card readers, a printer network and security 
equipment and related software to use in the operation of your Store. You must use all PCI 
Compliance services we require.  We can update these items as we see fit.  We have 
established a referral relationship with a third-party lender, Ascentium, which may offer 
financing to you in the form of equipment finance agreements.   See Item 10.  
You must use in the operation of your Store signs, fixtures, and displays, and if applicable 
to your location, your kiosk, which we must approve.  Unless we otherwise agree, you must 
use one of our approved suppliers to install all fixtures.  In certain geographic areas, the 
Provider may reimburse us for all or a portion of the cost of these items (other than 
fixtures), and we may pass along to you all or a portion of the reimbursement.  Signs and 
displays may cost you up to $50,000, depending on the programs offered by the Provider, 
not including shipping, which will vary.  The cost of these items for a kiosk location may 
be less.  A free-standing kiosk for a mall or similar location may cost up to $60,000, not 
including shipping which will vary.  Signs may require prior approval by your landlord, 
the Provider and/or the local municipality and may take up to 6 months to obtain.  Signs 
will be our property and/or the Provider’s property, regardless of whether we or the 
Provider subsidize all or a portion of the costs of your signs.  We have established a referral 
relationship with a third-party lender, Ascentium, which may offer financing to you in the 
form of equipment finance agreements.   See Item 10. 
We will provide you with an estimate of the cost of signs, fixtures, and displays needed for 
the build out of a new Store or a kiosk, and if applicable, the cost for your kiosk.  We will 
include in these estimates the cost to acquire, install and otherwise set-up your Point of 
Sale Environment. We may require that you pay us a deposit when you sign and 
acknowledge the cost estimate before we authorize work to begin.  You will pay us for all 
the remaining cost of signs, fixtures, displays if applicable, a kiosk, and all items in your 
Point of Sale Environment, including costs for installation and set-up of your Point of Sale 
Environment.  This amount will be offset by any subsidies we may grant to you and will 
be payable by you within 30 days of receiving an invoice from us.  Payment will be made 
via check, ACH or EFT or by business (not personal) credit card.  
