signed this Agreement in reliance on any particular owner, director, officer, or employee
remaining with us in that capacity. We may change our ownership or form and/or assign this
Agreement and any other agreement to a third party without restriction. After our assignment of
this Agreement to a third party that expressly assumes the obligations under this Agreement, we
no longer will have any performance or other obligations under this Agreement. That assignment
will constitute a release and novation with respect to this Agreement, and the new
owner-assignee will be liable to you as if it had been an original party to this Agreement.
Specifically and without limiting the foregoing, you agree that we may sell our assets (including
this Agreement), the Marks, or the Franchise System to a third party; offer our ownership
interests privately or publicly; merge, acquire other business entities, or be acquired by another
business entity; and/or undertake a refinancing, recapitalization, leveraged buyout, or other
economic or financial restructuring.
B.

BY YOU.

You understand and acknowledge that the rights and duties this Agreement creates are
personal to you and your owners, and we have granted you the Franchise in reliance upon our
perceptions of your and your owners’ individual or collective character, skill, aptitude, attitude,
business ability, and financial capacity. Accordingly, neither this Agreement (or any interest in
this Agreement), the Restaurant or substantially all of its assets, any ownership interest in you
(regardless of its size), nor any controlling ownership interest in any of your owners (if such
owners are legal entities) may be transferred without our prior written approval, which will not
be unreasonably withheld if the conditions for transfer contained in this Section 12 are satisfied.
A transfer of the Restaurant’s ownership, possession, or control, or substantially all of its assets,
may be made only with the concurrent transfer (to the same proposed transferee) of the franchise
rights (with the transferee assuming this Agreement or signing our then-current form of franchise
agreement and related documents, as we may require). Any transfer without our required
approval is a breach of this Agreement and has no effect, meaning that you (and your owners)
will continue to be obligated to us for all of your obligations under this Agreement.
In this Agreement, the term “transfer” includes a voluntary, involuntary, direct, or
indirect assignment, sale, gift, or other disposition of any interest in:
(1)

this Agreement and/or the franchise rights;

(2)

you;

(3)

the Restaurant or substantially all of its assets; or

(4)

your owners (if such owners are legal entities).

An assignment, sale, gift, or other disposition includes the following events:
(a)
transfer of ownership of capital stock, a partnership or membership
interest, or another form of ownership interest (although transfer of an ownership interest
in you to (i) an employee stock ownership plan (“ESOP”) is expressly allowed if the
40
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

