under the Development Rights Agreement. You may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets
that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control.
Despite your development schedule under the Development Rights Agreement, we may delay your
development and/or opening of additional JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants within the Territory for the time
period we deem best if we believe in our sole judgment, when you submit your application for another
Restaurant, or after you (or your affiliate) have developed and constructed but not yet opened a particular
Restaurant, that you (or your affiliate) are not yet operationally, managerially, or otherwise prepared (no
matter the reason) to develop, open, and/or operate the additional Restaurant in full compliance with
JIMMY JOHN’S® standards and specifications. We may delay additional development and/or a
Restaurant’s opening as long as the delay will not in our reasonable opinion cause you to breach your
development obligations under the development schedule (unless we are willing to extend the schedule to
account for the delay).
Except as described above, continuation of your territorial exclusivity does not depend on your
achieving a certain sales volume, market penetration, or other contingency, and we may not alter your
Territory during the Development Rights Agreement’s term.
Except as described in Item 1, we do not operate or franchise, or currently plan to operate or
franchise, any business under a different trademark that sells or will sell goods or services similar to those
that our franchisees sell. However, our affiliates, including the Affiliated Programs described in Item 1 and
other portfolio companies that currently are or in the future may be owned by private equity funds managed
by Roark Capital Management, LLC, may operate and/or franchise businesses that sell similar goods or
services to those that our franchisees sell. Item 1 describes our current Affiliated Programs that offer
franchises, their principal business addresses, the goods and services they sell, whether their businesses are
franchised and/or company-owned, and their trademarks. All of these other brands (with limited
exceptions) maintain offices and training facilities that are physically separate from the offices and training
facilities of our franchise network. Most of the Affiliated Programs are not direct competitors of our
franchise network given the products or services they sell, although some are, as described in Item 1. All
of the businesses that our affiliates and their franchisees operate may solicit and accept orders from
customers near your business. Because they are separate companies, we do not expect any conflicts
between our franchisees and our affiliates’ franchisees regarding territory, customers and support, and we
have no obligation to resolve any perceived conflicts that might arise.
ITEM 13

TRADEMARKS

You may use certain Marks in operating the Restaurant. The principal Marks are:

“JIMMY JOHN’S”

Registration
Number
2,555,213

“SO FAST YOU’LL FREAK”

2,593,631

07/16/2002

“FREE SMELLS”

2,683,428

02/04/2003

“JIMMY”

2,959,439

06/07/2005

“JJ (Stylized)”

3,161,573

10/24/2006

Mark

62
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

Date Registered
04/02/2002

