electronic delivery system, including an Intranet, and materials (such as CD ROMs and USB
data storage devices) that facilitate the electronic communication of information. An “Intranet”
means an internal network we design and administer for the JIMMY JOHN’S® Franchise
System through which members of the Franchise System may, in compliance with our terms of
use and other requirements, communicate with each other and through which we may circulate
updates to the substance of the Confidential Operations Manual and other Confidential
Information. We have no obligation to maintain the Intranet indefinitely and may dismantle it at
any time without notice or liability to you.
D.

CONFIDENTIAL OPERATIONS MANUAL.

We will provide you access during the Franchise term to one (1) copy of our Confidential
Operations Manual, which may consist of, and is defined to include, audio, video, computer
software, other electronic media (defined in Subsection 4.C. and below) and/or written and other
tangible materials. The media and materials comprising the Confidential Operations Manual
contain Brand Standards and information about your other obligations under this Agreement. We
periodically may modify the substance of the Confidential Operations Manual to reflect changes
in Brand Standards and your other operating requirements. You agree to keep your written copy
of, and other tangible materials comprising, the Confidential Operations Manual current and
locked in your Restaurant’s safe (except when actually in use). You may never remove your
written copy of, and other tangible materials comprising, the Confidential Operations Manual
from the Restaurant. For purposes of enforcing our rights or your obligations, if there is a dispute
over its contents, our master copy of the substance in the Confidential Operations Manual
controls. You agree that the Confidential Operations Manual’s contents are confidential and may
not be disclosed to any person other than Restaurant employees needing to know its contents to
perform their duties. You may not at any time copy, duplicate, record, or otherwise reproduce
any part of the Confidential Operations Manual (except as we allow for training and operating
purposes). If your written or other tangible copy of the Confidential Operations Manual is lost,
destroyed, or significantly damaged, you agree to obtain a replacement at our then applicable
charge.
We may post some or all of the substance of the Confidential Operations Manual on a
restricted Website, intranet, or extranet to which you will have access and which is deemed to be
part of the Confidential Operations Manual. (For purposes of this Agreement, “Website” means
an interactive electronic document contained in a network of computers linked by
communications software, including, without limitation, the Internet and World Wide Web home
pages.) If we do so, you agree to monitor and access the Website, intranet, or extranet for any
updates to the substance of the Confidential Operations Manual or Brand Standards. Any
passwords or other digital identifications necessary to access the Confidential Operations
Manual on a Website, intranet, or extranet will be deemed to be part of Confidential Information
(defined in Section 6 below). We may require you to return a portion or the entire copy of the
Confidential Operations Manual given to you in paper or other tangible form after we post the
substance of the Confidential Operations Manual on a restricted Website, intranet, or extranet.

20
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

