assignments that the attendee must successfully complete. Attendees also must prove to
us they can execute all tasks and skills covered during training. If an attendee does not
successfully complete training the first time, he or she may apply to enroll in the next
available training class. Your District Manager will lose certification for that position 12
months after he or she ceases to serve in that role.
You may not open the Restaurant (if it is the third (3rd) JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurant owned by you and/or your affiliates) unless your District Manager is in
position and has successfully completed all required training. You also must have a
District Manager for every three (3) to five (5) JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants owned by
you and/or your affiliates. In other words, you and/or your affiliates must have one (1)
District Manager for at least every three (3) JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants that you
and/or your affiliates own and operate, and the District Manager may not manage more
than five (5) JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants. Once you and/or your affiliates reach six (6)
JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants, you must hire/appoint a second District Manager, and
then continue to hire/appoint new District Managers as you open new JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurants, so that no District Manager is responsible for any more than five (5) JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurants. When you open your sixth JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant, or at
any time thereafter, your Operations Partner may assume a Director of Operations
position (or continue to be a District Manager along with your other District Managers).
If you and/or your affiliates have JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants in different markets,
you must have separate District Managers with responsibility for each market.
(4)
Training-Related Fees and Costs. We will provide the orientation
session for your Operations Partner at no charge (although you are responsible for all
travel and living expenses) and will provide initial training and the apprenticeship
program for no additional fee for two (2) people (except if you are a first-time franchisee
opening your first JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant, in which case there is no additional fee
for the third person you send to training). There generally are no limits on the number of
people you may send to initial training and the apprenticeship program. However, you
must pay our then-current training charge for each additional person after the first two (2)
people (or three (3) people if you are a first-time franchisee opening your first JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurant). You also agree to pay all travel and living expenses your
Operations Partner and employees incur in connection with attending training.
You are responsible for paying your employees’ wages and benefits (if applicable)
while they attend training, including District Manager training. We will provide you
information about the number of hours your employees are actively involved in
classroom and in-restaurant training, and you are responsible for seeking out any other
information you believe you need to ensure your employees are accurately paid during
training. You also are responsible for maintaining workers’ compensation insurance over
your employees during training, including District Manager training, and must provide
proof of that insurance at the outset of the training program. Everyone attending training
must have a state health certificate.

17
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

