The table above assumes you will develop a new JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant. However, if you choose
to buy the assets of an existing JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant from JJE and take over its operation as a
franchise, you will not incur most of the costs set forth in the table above. Rather, JJE and you will negotiate
the appropriate purchase price, which might be higher or lower than the estimated initial investment listed
above. The Restaurant’s actual purchase price will depend on age, location, condition, profitability, cash
flow, strategic considerations, and other relevant market factors. You also might be required to incur costs
to remodel and upgrade the Restaurant to the then-current JIMMY JOHN’S® brand standards.
Explanatory Notes
1.
We describe the initial franchise fee and development fee, and when these fees are due, in
Item 5. We may reduce the initial franchise fee as described in Item 5. No separate initial investment is
required when you sign the Development Rights Agreement.
2.
A JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant typically occupies approximately 1,000 to 1,800 square
feet of space. Rent depends on geographic location, size, local rental rates, businesses in the area, site
profile, and other factors and could be considerably higher in large metropolitan areas. JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurants typically are located in strip shopping centers, shopping malls, free-standing units, and other
venues in downtown commercial areas and in suburban areas. This estimate contemplates a security deposit
equal to one month’s rent. You might be required to pay a larger security deposit. We anticipate you will
rent the Restaurant’s premises. It is possible, however, that you might choose to buy, rather than rent, real
estate on which a building suitable for the Restaurant already is constructed or could be constructed. Real
estate costs depend on location, size, visibility, economic conditions, accessibility, competitive market
conditions, and the type of ownership interest you are buying. Because numerous variables affect the value
of a particular piece of real estate, this initial investment table does not reflect the potential purchase cost
of real estate or the costs of constructing a building suitable for the Restaurant. This initial investment table
also reflects the costs of developing a drive-thru location. Drive-thru locations are more expensive because
of, among other things, the larger restaurant size and the additional required construction/leasehold
improvement and fixtures and equipment.
3.
Leasehold improvement costs—including floor covering, wall treatment, counters,
ceilings, painting, window coverings, electrical, carpentry, and similar work, and contractor’s fees—depend
on the site’s condition, location, and size; the demand for the site among prospective lessees; the site’s
previous use; the build-out required to conform the site for your Restaurant; and any construction or other
allowances the landlord grants. The lower figure assumes the landlord bears many leasehold improvement
costs (which it then might include in the rent). See note 2 above regarding drive-thru locations.
4.
This includes refrigerators, freezers, ovens, point-of-sale system, computer, stereo,
telephones, signage, and (if directed) a video security system. The investment amount might increase
depending on whether or not the location offers drive-thru and the amount of interior seating. See note 2
above regarding drive-thru locations.
5.

This includes a desk, chair, and safe.

6.

You might be required to pay deposits for telephone service and gas, electric, and other

utilities.
7.
This includes food and beverage products, paper products, cleaning supplies, and printing
and other supplies.
8.
You are not required to conduct a Restaurant “grand opening” marketing program, either
before or after your Restaurant opens. However, if you choose to have this type of event, we recommend

36
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

