qualify for the NRO program if you sign the Incentives Amendment (Exhibit C-1) to an existing
Development Rights Agreement or Development Rights Rider on or before March 31, 2026, to amend your
existing development schedule to add 1 to 4 new Jimmy John’s® Restaurants outside the Select Developing
Territory to the development schedule. Lastly, you may also qualify for the NRO incentive program if (a)
you sign a Franchise Agreement on or before March 31, 2026, to develop and operate a Jimmy John’s®
Restaurant outside the Select Developing Territory, (b) as of the date the Franchise Agreement is signed,
the Restaurant that you wish to re-open was permanently closed for at least 30 calendar days, and (c) you
are not signing the Franchise Agreement in connection with a transfer.
Deeper New Restaurant Opening Incentive. You may qualify for the “Deeper New Restaurant
Opening” or “Deeper NRO” incentive program if you sign a new Development Rights Agreement on or
before March 31, 2026, to develop 5 or more Jimmy John’s® Restaurants, each located outside the Select
Developing Territory. You may qualify for the Deeper NRO program if you sign the Incentives Amendment
(Exhibit C-1) to an existing Development Rights Agreement or Development Rights Rider on or before
March 31, 2026, to amend your existing development schedule to add 5 or more new Jimmy John’s®
Restaurants outside the Select Developing Territory to the development schedule.
Select Developing Markets Incentive. You may qualify for the “Select Developing Markets” or
“SDM” program if you sign a Franchise Agreement on or before March 31, 2026, to develop and operate a
Jimmy John’s® Restaurant within the Select Developing Territory. You may also qualify for the SDM
program if you sign a new Development Rights Agreement on or before March 31, 2026, to develop two
or more Jimmy John’s® Restaurants, each located within the Select Developing Territory. You may qualify
for the SDM program if you sign the Incentives Amendment (Exhibit C-1) to an existing Development
Rights Agreement or Development Rights Rider on or before March 31, 2026, to amend your existing
development schedule to add 1 or more new Jimmy John’s® Restaurants within the Select Developing
Territory to the development schedule. Lastly, you may also qualify for the SDM incentive program if (a)
you sign a Franchise Agreement on or before March 31, 2026, to develop and operate a Jimmy John’s®
Restaurant within the Select Developing Territory, (b) as of the date the Franchise Agreement is signed, the
Restaurant that you wish to re-open was permanently closed for at least 30 calendar days, and (c) you are
not signing the Franchise Agreement in connection with a transfer. The “Select Developing Territory”
includes California, Connecticut, Delaware, Massachusetts, Maine, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New
York, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont and Washington.
Deeper Select Developing Markets Incentive. You may qualify for the “Deeper Select Developing
Markets” or “Deeper SDM” program if you sign a new Development Rights Agreement on or before March
31, 2026, to develop 5 or more Jimmy John’s® Restaurants, each located within the Select Developing
Territory. You also may qualify for the Deeper SDM program if you sign the Incentives Amendment
(Exhibit C-1) to an existing Development Rights Agreement or Development Rights Rider on or before
March 31, 2026, to amend your existing development schedule to add 5 or more new Jimmy John’s®
Restaurants within the Select Developing Territory to the development schedule.
General Incentive Terms. Under the NRO and SDM incentive programs for single Jimmy John’s®
Restaurant development, you will pay the full initial franchise fee when you sign the Franchise Agreement.
Under the NRO, Deeper NRO, SDM, and Deeper SDM incentive programs for multiple Jimmy John’s®
Restaurant development, you will pay the full development fee upon signing the Development Rights
Agreement and when you sign each Franchise Agreement, we will apply $10,000 of the development fee
towards the initial franchise fee, and you must pay us the remaining initial franchise fee. If you (and your
affiliates) are in substantial compliance with each agreement between you (or your affiliates) and us when
you open the Restaurants, you open the Restaurant in compliance with the Franchise Agreement (and, if
applicable, the Development Rights Agreement) when you open the Restaurant, submit all development
costs to us within 120 days of opening Restaurant, and you build the Restaurant in the design, to the
specifications, and at the location we approve (collectively, the “Incentive Eligibility Requirements”), then

23
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

