15.
Our Right to Purchase Restaurant. Subsection 15.E.(1)(c) of the Successor
Franchise Agreement is deleted and replaced with the following:
(3)

expiration of this Agreement,

16.

Exhibit B. Exhibit B of the Successor Franchise Agreement is deleted.

17.
Release. As consideration for our granting you the rights under the Successor
Franchise Agreement, you and your affiliates, on your and their own behalf and on behalf of your
and their respective successors, heirs, executors, administrators, personal representatives, agents,
assigns, partners, owners, members, directors, officers, principals, and employees (collectively,
the “Releasing Parties”), hereby forever release and discharge us and our affiliates, and our and
their respective current and former officers, directors, owners, principals, employees, agents,
representatives, successors, and assigns (collectively, the “Released Parties”), from any and all
claims, damages (known and unknown), demands, causes of action, suits, duties, and liabilities
of any nature and kind (for purposes of this Section 17, collectively, “Claims”) that you and any
of the other Releasing Parties now have, ever had, or, but for this document, hereafter would or
could have against any of the Released Parties (a) arising out of or related to the Released
Parties’ grant of the franchise rights to you under the Expiring Franchise Agreement, (b) arising
out of or related to the Released Parties’ performance of, or alleged failure to perform,
obligations under the Expiring Franchise Agreement, or (c) otherwise arising from or related in
any way to your and the other Releasing Parties’ relationship, from the beginning of time to the
Signing Date, with any of the Released Parties, excepting only any Claims arising exclusively
from or related exclusively to the grant of the franchise under the Successor Franchise
Agreement.
You, on your own behalf and on behalf of the other Releasing Parties, further covenant
not to sue any of the Released Parties on any of the Claims released by this paragraph and
represent that you have not assigned any such Claims to any individual or entity who is not
bound by this paragraph.
[NOTE: The following language in brackets and bold type applies only when the
franchisee operates in California or California law is deemed to apply. Remove the
language from the Rider in all other circumstances.]
[Each of the parties granting a release acknowledges a familiarity with Section 1542
of the Civil Code of the State of California, which provides as follows:
“A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor
does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of
executing the release which, if known by him, must have
materially affected the settlement with the debtor.”
Each of the parties granting a release recognizes that he, she, or it may have some
claim, demand, or cause of action against the other parties of which he, she, or it is
unaware and unsuspecting, and which he, she, or it is giving up by signing this Rider. Each
of the parties granting a release hereby waives and relinquishes every right or benefit
4
JJF SUCCESSOR FRAN. RIDER (MARCH 2025)
1616274884.2

