receive twenty-four (24) hours of the representative’s time if the Restaurant is your first
JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant, sixteen (16) hours of the representative’s time if the
Restaurant is your second JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant, and eight (8) hours of the
representative’s time if the Restaurant is your third or subsequent JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurant.
If you request (and we agree to provide), or we believe you need, additional
guidance or support during this opening phase, excluding training relating to labor
relations and employment practices, you agree to pay then-applicable charges, including
the daily charges and travel and living expenses of our or our representative’s personnel.
(2)
Ongoing Training. We may require your Operations Partner and/or
previously trained and experienced managers to attend and complete to our satisfaction
any training courses we periodically choose to provide during this Agreement’s term, at
the times and locations we designate. We may charge reasonable registration or similar
fees for these courses. However, we will not require attendance at more than two (2) such
courses, or for more than a total of ten (10) business days, during a calendar year. Besides
attending these courses, at our request (in our sole discretion) you agree to attend an
annual meeting of all JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant franchisees at a location we
designate. Attendance will not be required for more than four (4) days during any
calendar year. You agree to pay all costs to attend.
If you hire or appoint new or additional on-site managers for the Restaurant
during this Agreement’s term, we may require them to complete to our satisfaction our
then-current initial training and (depending on the experience of any remaining on-site
managers) apprenticeship programs. We may charge reasonable fees for training new
managers. You agree to pay all travel and living expenses your employees incur during
all training courses and programs. You agree to assist us in training other JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurant franchisees. Your out-of-pocket expenses for providing this
assistance will be reimbursed.
You understand and agree that any specific ongoing training or advice we provide
does not create an obligation (whether by course of dealing or otherwise) to continue to
provide that training or advice, all of which we may discontinue and modify from time to
time.
(3)
District Manager Training. If the Restaurant is the third (3rd) JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurant owned by you and/or your affiliates, you must hire or appoint a
District Manager. The District Manager may not also be an in-Restaurant manager. The
District Manager must attend and successfully complete all Certified Manager training,
including the three (3) week initial training and four (4) week apprenticeship programs. If
the District Manager has at least six (6) previous months of experience as an
in-Restaurant manager, he or she need not attend the four (4) week apprenticeship
program. The District Manager also must attend and successfully complete the District
Manager training which includes virtual training and training at the designated training
facility. District Manager training will include in-Restaurant training and homework
16
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

