proceeding brought, by a third party, but only to the extent that a final unappealable
ruling issued by a court or arbitrator with competent jurisdiction has determined that an
Indemnified Party’s negligence, willful misconduct, or willful wrongful omissions in fact
occurred and solely and directly caused the Losses that the Franchisee Indemnified Party
incurred, so long as the claim to which those Losses relate is not asserted on the basis of
theories of vicarious liability (including agency, apparent agency, or joint employment) or
our failure to compel you to comply with this Agreement. This indemnity and hold
harmless will continue in full force and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding this
Agreement’s expiration or termination. A Franchisee Indemnified Party need not seek
recovery from any insurer or other third party, or otherwise mitigate its Losses, in order to
maintain and recover fully a claim against us under this subparagraph (2). We agree that a
failure to pursue a recovery or mitigate a Loss will not reduce or alter the amounts that a
Franchisee Indemnified Party may recover from us under this subparagraph (2).
17.

ENFORCEMENT.
A.

SEVERABILITY AND SUBSTITUTION OF VALID PROVISIONS.

Except as expressly provided to the contrary in this Agreement, each section, paragraph,
term, and provision of this Agreement is severable, and if, for any reason, any part is held to be
invalid or contrary to or in conflict with any applicable present or future law or regulation in a
final, unappealable ruling issued by any court, agency, or tribunal with competent jurisdiction,
that ruling will not impair the operation of, or otherwise affect, any other portions of this
Agreement, which will continue to have full force and effect and bind the parties.
If any covenant that restricts competitive activity is deemed unenforceable by virtue of its
scope in terms of area, business activity prohibited and/or length of time, but would be
enforceable if modified, you and we agree that the covenant will be “blue penciled” or reformed
and then enforced to the fullest extent permissible under the laws and public policies applied in
the jurisdiction whose law determines the covenant’s validity.
If any applicable and binding law or rule of any jurisdiction requires more notice than this
Agreement requires of this Agreement’s termination or of our refusal to enter into a successor
franchise agreement, or some other action this Agreement does not require, or if, under any
applicable and binding law or rule of any jurisdiction, any provision of this Agreement or any
Brand Standard is invalid, unenforceable, or unlawful, the notice and/or other action required by
the law or rule will be substituted for the comparable provisions of this Agreement, and we may
modify the invalid or unenforceable provision or Brand Standard to the extent required to be
valid and enforceable or delete the unlawful provision in its entirety. You agree to be bound by
any promise or covenant imposing the maximum duty the law permits that is subsumed within
any provision of this Agreement, as though it were separately articulated in and made a part of
this Agreement.

63
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

