Opening through Year 1
Year 2
Year 3
Year 4 through remainder of the term

1%
2%
4%
6%

c.
The Advertising and Development Fund contributions under the applicable
Franchise Agreement will be amended as set forth below:
Duration of Effective Fund Contribution Rate
Opening through Year 1
Year 2 through Year 3
Year 4 through remainder of the term

Effective Fund Contribution Rate
2%
3%
4.5%

4. Select Developing Markets Incentive. [Note: Only include if the franchisee qualifies for the
Select Developing Markets Incentive] Because we and you are signing this Amendment before March 31,
2026 to develop one (1) to four (4) New Commitments within the Select Developing Territory (defined
below), each Incentive Commitment you agree to develop under the Development Schedule will receive
the benefits of our “Select Developing Markets” incentive program, if you satisfy the Incentive Eligibility
Requirements with respect to that Restaurant. The “Select Developing Territory” includes California,
Connecticut, Delaware, Massachusetts, Maine, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Oregon,
Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont and Washington. If you satisfy the Incentive Eligibility
Requirements, then under the applicable Franchise Agreement:
a.
We will credit an amount equal to the initial franchise fee you paid plus the
portion of the development fee that we credit towards that initial franchise fee, up to $25,000,
towards the Royalty owed under that Franchise Agreement.
b.

The Royalty will be amended as set forth below:
Duration of Effective Royalty
Opening through Year 1
Year 2
Year 3
Year 4
Year 5
Year 6 through remainder of the term

Effective Royalty
1%
2%
3%
4%
5%
6%

5. Deeper Select Developing Markets Incentive. [Note: Only include if the franchisee
qualifies for the Deeper Select Developing Markets Incentive (5+ New Commitments)] Because we and
you are signing this Amendment before March 31, 2026 to develop five (5) or more New Commitments
within the Select Developing Territory (defined below), each Incentive Commitment you agree to
develop under the Development Schedule will receive the benefits of our “Deeper Select Developing
Markets” incentive program, if you satisfy the Incentive Eligibility Requirements with respect to that
Restaurant. The “Select Developing Territory” includes California, Connecticut, Delaware,
Massachusetts, Maine, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island,
Vermont and Washington. If you satisfy the Incentive Eligibility Requirements, then under the applicable
Franchise Agreement:

3
1616274877.6

