Select Developing Markets Incentive Program and Deeper Select Developing Markets Incentive
Program. If you qualify for the SDM incentive program or Deeper SDM incentive program, then
we will reduce your Royalty as follows:
Duration of Effective Royalty
Opening through Year 1
Year 2
Year 3
Year 4
Year 5
Year 6 through remainder of the term

Effective Royalty
1%
2%
3%
4%
5%
6%

We describe the conditions to qualify for the NRO, Deeper NRO, SDM, and Deeper SDM incentive
programs in Item 5.
Early Opening Incentive. The “Early Opening Incentive” is designed to incentivize franchisees to
develop and commence operations of their Restaurants before the required opening date identified
in the Franchise Agreement (and, if applicable, the Development Rights Agreement). If you qualify
for the NRO, Deeper NRO, SDM, or Deeper SDM incentive programs, and you open the
Restaurant(s) before the required opening date identified in the Franchise Agreement (or, if
applicable, the Development Rights Agreement), then we will charge you a 0% Royalty from the
date you open and commence operations of the Restaurant until the required opening date identified
in the Franchise Agreement (or, if applicable, the Development Rights Agreement), up to 12
months, then the applicable Royalty rate will apply. You may combine the Early Opening Incentive
with our other incentive programs described in Item 5 and Item 6.
VetFran Program. The “VetFran Program” is designed to provide career opportunities for
honorably discharged military veterans or wounded warriors. It applies if you are a veteran or
returning service member (who has not previously signed, or had an affiliate that signed, a
Development Rights Agreement, Development Rights Rider, or Franchise Agreement with us) who
qualifies and signs a Franchise Agreement or Development Rights Agreement to develop one or
more Restaurants. Under the VetFran Program, if you satisfy the Incentive Eligibility
Requirements, then we will provide you a Royalty credit equal to $10,000 for each Restaurant you
develop and open in compliance with the terms of the Franchise Agreement (and, if applicable, the
Development Rights Agreement), up to $100,000. You may combine the VetFran Program with
our other incentive programs described in Item 5 and Item 6.
Pioneer Incentive. The “Pioneer Incentive” program is designed to increase the penetration and
presence of the Jimmy John’s brand in certain areas of the United States. You may qualify to
participate in the Pioneer Incentive program if you are the first person to sign a new Development
Rights Agreement on or before March 31, 2026, to develop 5 or more new Restaurants located
within Alaska, Hawaii, Maine, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, or Vermont. Under the Pioneer
Incentive, if you satisfy the Incentive Eligibility Requirements, then we will provide a $50,000
Royalty credit for each of the first 2 Restaurants developed under the Development Rights
Agreement. As stated above, the Pioneer Incentive is only available to the first person to sign a new
Development Rights Agreement to develop and operate 5 or more new Restaurants within the states
identified above, and therefore the Pioneer Incentive may not be available to you even if you sign
a new Development Rights Agreement to develop 5 or more new Restaurants within the states
identified above. You may combine the Pioneer Incentive with our other incentive programs
described in Item 5 and Item 6.

31
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

