5/

These Cooperative Advertising Programs will include JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants operated in
the designated market area by us, JJE, or our other affiliates. Besides your advertising obligations
described in this Item, you must spend 0.5% of the Restaurant’s weekly Gross Sales on local
marketing. We recommend that you spend between $3,000 and $5,000 to conduct a grand opening
event.

6/

You must participate actively in any JIMMY JOHN’S® Regional Advisory Franchisee Council
(“Council”) we designate. A Council’s purpose includes exchanging ideas and problem-solving
methods, advising us on expenditures for regional advertising, and coordinating franchisee efforts.
You must pay all assessments the Council levies, and we may enforce this obligation for the
Council. Amounts and expenditures may vary due to differences in Council participation and costs
(but we must approve them). We may form a Council when more than one franchisee operates a
JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant in any given region, the boundaries of which we may determine.

7/

A “Sophisticated Franchisee” is an entity that, together with its affiliates, owns and operates at least
5 limited service restaurants, whether JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants and/or restaurants operating
under one or more other franchised brands. Unless otherwise stated, if you are a Sophisticated
Franchisee, all references to Operations Partner mean the Restaurant’s general manager.

8/

If we terminate the Franchise Agreement with cause or you terminate the Franchise Agreement
without cause, we may require you to pay us, within 15 days after the termination’s effective date,
liquidated damages equal to the product of either 36 or the number of months then remaining in the
Franchise Agreement’s term as of the effective date of termination, whichever is shorter, multiplied
by the average monthly Royalties that you (or the person or entity who previously operated the
Restaurant) owed us during the 12 full months before the month of termination (or for such lesser
number of full months that the Restaurant has been open and operating on a continuous basis,
whether under the Franchise Agreement or a predecessor franchise agreement, if less than 12
months). These liquidated damages cover only our damages from loss of the Royalty. They do not
cover other damages to which we might be entitled due to your actions or inaction.

9/

If we and one or more Other Franchisors grant you the right to open and operate a JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurant and Other Restaurant(s) at a Multi-Brand Location, you must pay all ongoing
fees due under each applicable Other Franchisor’s franchise agreement in addition to the ongoing
fees described in this Item.
ITEM 7

ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT

YOUR ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT
Column 1

Column 2

Column 3

Column 4

Column 5

Type of expenditure

Amount

Method of
payment

When due

To whom payment
is to be made

Initial Franchise
Fee (1)

$35,000

Lump Sum

Upon signing
Franchise Agreement
and, if applicable,
Development Rights
Agreement

Us

Real Estate/Rent
(1 month) (2)

$2,500 - $8,000

As Agreed

As Incurred

Landlord

34
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

