franchise sales agent. We pay management fees to JJF for these services. However, as the franchisor, we
are responsible and accountable to you to make sure that all services we promise to perform under your
Franchise Agreement or other agreement signed with us are performed in compliance with the applicable
agreement, regardless of who actually performs these services on our behalf.
The JIMMY JOHN’S® Franchise
We grant franchises for Restaurants operating under the “JIMMY JOHN’S®” name and other
Marks. (In this disclosure document, we call the Restaurants in our system “JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurants”; we use the term “Restaurant” to describe the JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant you will operate.)
JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants, which typically are located in strip shopping centers, shopping malls, and
free-standing units, sell high-quality sandwiches, fresh-baked breads, and other permitted food and
beverage products (“Menu Items”) and provide carry-out, delivery, and on-premises dining services.
Most Menu Items are prepared according to specific recipes and procedures and use high-quality
ingredients, including (1) specially formulated and specially produced JIMMY JOHN’S® proprietary lines
of bread dough, meats, and other food products (collectively, “Trade Secret Food Products”) and (2) food
products (other than Trade Secret Food Products) branded and/or packaged exclusively for the JIMMY
JOHN’S® system and franchisees (collectively, “Branded Products”). (Branded Products also include nonfood products branded and/or packaged exclusively for the JIMMY JOHN’S® system and franchisees.)
Certain food and beverage products are not prepared with Trade Secret Food Products or Branded Products
but still are required or authorized for sale (collectively, “Permitted Brands,” which are encompassed within
Menu Items). If you acquire a franchise, you must operate your Restaurant according to our business
formats, methods, procedures, designs, layouts, standards, and specifications in order to maintain the quality
and consistency of the JIMMY JOHN’S® brand.
We also grant multi-unit development rights to qualified franchisees, who then may develop a
number of JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants (but no less than 3) within a defined area over a specific time
period or according to a pre-determined development schedule. These franchisees may open and operate
JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants directly or through entities they own or control. Our Development Rights
Agreement is Exhibit C. Franchisees signing our Development Rights Agreement must sign our thencurrent form of Franchise Agreement for each additional JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant they develop. That
form may differ from the form of Franchise Agreement included in this disclosure document.
If you are renewing your franchise because its current term is about to expire, you will sign our
Successor Franchise Rider to Franchise Agreement attached to this disclosure document as Exhibit B-4 (the
“Renewal Rider”), which generally modifies certain provisions in our standard Franchise Agreement that
do not apply to you because your Restaurant already is open.
We also offer the right to develop a Restaurant at certain locations that are by their nature are unique
and separate in character from sites generally developed as a Restaurant. Those locations (“Non-Traditional
Locations”) include, but are not limited to: (a) military bases and other governmental facilities; (b)
universities, schools and other education facilities; (c) airports, train stations, toll plazas and other public
or restricted-access transportation facilities or terminals; (d) stadiums, arenas, theaters and other sports and
entertainment venues; (e) amusement parks, theme parks, museums, zoos, and other similar public facilities;
(f) cafeterias, food courts and other foodservice locations within shopping centers, shopping malls, office
buildings/corporate campuses, industrial buildings, and department stores, grocery stores, and similar retail
stores; (g) hotels, casinos and convention centers; (h) hospitals, nursing facilities and other medical
facilities; and (i) reservations and other sovereign territories. You will sign our then current form of
Franchise Agreement and Non-Traditional Rider, attached as Exhibit B-2, for each Restaurant developed
at a Non-Traditional Location.

2
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

