to confirm and acknowledge your understanding of the risks of entering
and the absence of any improper or misleading statements made by us.

into this Agreement

Any policies we adopt and implement from time to time to guide us in our
decision-making are subject to change, are not a part of this Agreement, and are not binding on
us. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement is intended or
deemed to confer any rights or remedies upon any person or legal entity not a party to this
Agreement.
Except where this Agreement expressly obligates us reasonably to approve or not
unreasonably to withhold our approval of any of your actions or requests, we have the absolute
right to refuse any request you make or to withhold our approval of any of your proposed,
initiated, or completed actions that require our approval. The headings of the sections and
paragraphs are for convenience only and do not define, limit, or construe the contents of these
sections or paragraphs.
The term “affiliate” means any person or entity directly or indirectly owned or controlled
by, under common control with, or owning or controlling you or us. For purposes of determining
affiliation, “control” means the power to direct or cause the direction of management and
policies.
If two or more persons are at any time the owners of the Franchise and the Restaurant,
whether as partners or joint venturers, their obligations and liabilities to us will be joint and
several. References to “owner” mean any person holding a direct or indirect ownership interest
(whether of record, beneficial, or otherwise) or voting rights in you (or a transferee of the
franchise rights granted by this Agreement and the Restaurant or an ownership interest in you),
including, without limitation, any person who has a direct or indirect interest in you (or a
transferee), this Agreement, the Franchise, or the Restaurant and any person who has any other
legal or equitable interest, or the power to vest in himself or herself any legal or equitable
interest, in their revenue, profits, rights, or assets.
You acknowledge and agree that none of our past, present, or future directors, officers,
employees, incorporators, members, partners, stockholders, subsidiaries, affiliates, controlling
parties, entities under common control, ownership, or management, vendors, service providers,
agents, attorneys, or representatives will have any liability for (i) any of our obligations or
liabilities relating to or arising from this Agreement, (ii) any claim against us based on, in respect
of, or by reason of the relationship between you and us, or (iii) any claim against us based on any
of our alleged unlawful acts or omissions.
References to a “controlling ownership interest” in you or one of your owners (if an
Entity) mean the percent of the voting shares or other voting rights that results from dividing one
hundred percent (100%) of the ownership interests by the number of owners. In the case of a
proposed transfer of an ownership interest in you or one of your owners, the determination of
whether a “controlling ownership interest” is involved must be made as of both immediately
before and immediately after the proposed transfer to see if a “controlling ownership interest”
67
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

