agree to operate the Restaurant in compliance with this Agreement for the entire
term unless this Agreement is properly terminated under Section 14.
4.
Site Selection. Subsection 2.A. of the Successor Franchise Agreement is deleted.
You may operate the Restaurant only at the Premises, although you may deliver Menu Items
prepared at the Premises to customers located within your specified delivery area, provided that
you comply with our System Standards for delivery services.
5.
Lease of Premises. You acknowledge that you have delivered to us a complete
and accurate copy of the currently-effective Lease. If the Lease is proposed to be amended,
renewed, or extended at any time during the Successor Franchise Agreement’s term, you must
obtain our prior written acceptance of, and otherwise comply with Subsection 2.B. of the
Successor Franchise Agreement with respect to, the amended, renewed, or extended Lease.
6.
Restaurant Development. Subsection 2.C. of the Successor Franchise
Agreement is deleted. However, you agree to make the upgrades, modifications, and
improvements to the Restaurant, Premises, and Operating Assets specified on the attached
“Upgrade Schedule.” You agree to complete each task listed on the Upgrade Schedule to our
satisfaction, and in accordance with the Successor Franchise Agreement (including, without
limitation, provisions relating to designated, recommended, or approved suppliers), before the
applicable due date. Your completion of each task within the designated timeframe was an
express condition to our willingness to grant you the successor franchise. Therefore, your failure
to do so will be a breach of the conditions for a successor franchise contained in the Expiring
Franchise Agreement and a breach of the Successor Franchise Agreement, allowing us to rescind
or terminate the Successor Franchise Agreement. You must comply with our requirements, the
requirements of any federal, state, or local law, code, or regulation, including those arising under
the Americans with Disabilities Act (the “ADA”) and similar rules governing public
accommodations for disabled persons, other applicable ordinances, building codes, permit
requirements, and Lease requirements and restrictions.
7.
deleted.

Restaurant Opening. Subsection 2.F. of the Successor Franchise Agreement is

8.
Initial Franchise Fee. Subsection 3.A. of the Successor Franchise Agreement is
deleted. However, on the Signing Date you must pay us a successor franchise fee equal to Ten
Thousand Dollars ($10,000).
9.
Modification of Brand Standards. Subsection 8.B. of the Successor Franchise
Agreement is deleted and replaced with the following:
We periodically may modify Brand Standards, which may accommodate
regional or local variations, and these modifications may obligate you to invest
additional capital in the Restaurant and/or incur higher operating costs. You agree
to implement any changes in Brand Standards within the time period we request,
whether they involve refurbishing or remodeling the Premises or any other aspect
of the Restaurant, buying new Operating Assets, adding new Menu Items and
services, or otherwise modifying the nature of your operations, as if they were part
2
JJF SUCCESSOR FRAN. RIDER (MARCH 2025)
1616274884.2

