Column 1

Column 2

Column 3

Column 4

Type of Fee1

Amount

Due Date

Remarks

Customer
Complaint
Reimbursement

Out-of-pocket
cost
reimbursement

As incurred

You must provide reimbursement if we or
our designee resolves a customer
complaint because you do not do so;
amount depends on extent of your noncompliance.

Insurance
Reimbursement

Out-of-pocket
cost
reimbursement

As incurred

You must provide reimbursement if we or
our designee obtains insurance for you
because you fail to obtain or maintain
required coverage (your failure is a
Franchise Agreement default).

Tax
Reimbursement

Out-of-pocket
cost
reimbursement

As incurred

You must reimburse us for any taxes we
must pay to any state taxing authority on
account of either your operation or your
payments to us (except for certain incomerelated taxes of ours).

De-identification
Reimbursement

Out-of-pocket
cost
reimbursement

As incurred

You must provide reimbursement if we or
our designee incurs costs to de-brand the
Restaurant after the franchise ends because
you fail to do so as required.

_________________
1/
Except for product and service purchases described in Item 8, and except as otherwise noted in this
Item 6, all fees are imposed and collected by and payable to us, certain of our affiliates, or other
designees. While all fees currently are uniformly imposed, we reserve the right to charge a higher
or lower Royalty, to be negotiated with franchisees depending on the circumstances, for certain
Non-Traditional Locations. Franchisees operating at these types of locations also might pay a lower
Advertising and Development Fund contribution—or have no required Advertising and
Development Fund contribution—and might have a different or no local marketing obligation,
depending on their circumstances. We may (in our sole judgment) waive or reduce the transfer fee
for distressed restaurant transfers and other circumstances we deem appropriate. No fee is
refundable. (However, as described in Item 5, if your Operations Partner or an on-site manager
that you have designated to become certified cancels participation in a training class or program,
the training fee you paid might be partially credited toward a future training class or program. The
credit will not exceed 50% of the training fee you paid; you will receive no credit if your Operations
Partner or an on-site manager that you have designated to become certified cancels participation in
a training class or program 2 weeks or less before its scheduled date.)
2/

Unless you qualify for an incentive program, the Royalty is 6% of the Restaurant’s weekly Gross
Sales.
NRO Incentive Program and Deeper NRO Incentive Program. If you qualify for the NRO incentive
program or Deeper NRO incentive program, then we will reduce your Royalty as follows:
Duration of Effective Royalty
Opening through Year 1
Year 2
Year 3
Year 4 through remainder of the term

30
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

Effective Royalty
1%
2%
4%
6%

