relationships. We may review all information regarding the Restaurant you give the proposed
transferee, correct any information we believe is inaccurate, and give the proposed transferee
copies of any reports you have given us or we have made regarding the Restaurant.
D.

TRANSFER TO A WHOLLY-OWNED CORPORATION OR LIMITED
LIABILITY COMPANY.

If you are fully complying with this Agreement, then you may transfer this Agreement to
a corporation or limited liability company that conducts no business other than the Restaurant
and, if applicable, other JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants, in which you maintain management
control, and of which you own and control one hundred percent (100%) of the equity and voting
power of all issued and outstanding ownership interests, provided that all of the Restaurant’s
assets are owned, and the Restaurant’s business is conducted, only by that single corporation or
limited liability company. The corporation or limited liability company must expressly assume
all of your obligations under this Agreement. You agree to remain liable under this Agreement as
if the transfer to the corporation or limited liability company did not occur, including by signing,
in connection with the transfer, our required form of Guaranty and Assumption of Obligations.
A transfer under this Section 12.D. is not subject to the payment of a transfer fee or any other
conditions of transfer set forth in Subsection C above. All other transfers of ownership interests
in the corporation or limited liability company are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in
Subsection C above. You agree to remain liable under this Agreement as if the transfer to the
corporation or limited liability company did not occur, including by signing, in connection with
the transfer, our required form of Guaranty and Assumption of Obligations.
E.

THE OPERATIONS PARTNER’S DEATH OR DISABILITY.

(1)
Transfer Upon Death. Upon the Operations Partner’s death, the
Operations Partner’s executor, administrator, conservator, guardian, or other personal
representative must transfer his or her interest in you to a third party (which may be the
Operations Partner’s heirs, beneficiaries, or devisees). That transfer must be completed
within a reasonable time, not to exceed nine (9) months from the date of death, and is
subject to all of the terms and conditions in this Section 12. A failure to transfer the
Operations Partner’s ownership interest in you within this time period is a breach of this
Agreement.
(2)
Operation Upon Death or Disability. Upon the Operations Partner’s
death or disability, you must appoint a new Operations Partner. That person must
complete our required training and apprenticeship programs at your expense within the
timeframe we specify. If, in our judgment, the Restaurant is not being managed in
compliance with Brand Standards any time after the Operations Partner’s death or
disability, we may, but need not, assume the Restaurant’s management (or appoint a third
party to assume its management). If we do so, the manager will not exercise direct or
indirect control over the working conditions of the Restaurant’s employees except to the
extent such indirect control is related to our legitimate interest in protecting the quality of
products, service, or the JIMMY JOHN’S® brand. All funds from the Restaurant’s
operation while it is under our (or the third party’s) management will be kept in a
45
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

