E.

DELEGATION OF PERFORMANCE.

You agree that we have the right to delegate the performance of any portion or all of our
obligations under this Agreement to third-party designees, whether these designees are our
affiliates, agents, or independent contractors with whom we contract to perform such obligations.
If we do so, such third-party designees will be obligated to us to perform the delegated functions
for you in compliance with this Agreement.
5.

MARKS.
A.

OWNERSHIP AND GOODWILL OF MARKS.

Your right to use the Marks is derived only from this Agreement and limited to your
operating the Restaurant according to this Agreement and all Brand Standards and other
requirements we prescribe during its term. Your unauthorized use of the Marks is a breach of this
Agreement and infringes our rights in the Marks. You acknowledge and agree that your use of
the Marks and any goodwill established by that use are exclusively for our benefit and that this
Agreement does not confer any goodwill or other interests in the Marks upon you (other than the
right to operate the Restaurant under this Agreement). All provisions of this Agreement relating
to the Marks apply to any additional proprietary trade and service marks we authorize you to use.
You may not at any time during or after this Agreement’s term contest or assist any other person
in contesting the validity, or our ownership, of the Marks.
B.

LIMITATIONS ON YOUR USE OF MARKS.

You agree to use the Marks as the Restaurant’s sole identification, except you agree to
identify yourself as its independent owner, operator, and manager in the manner we prescribe.
You may not use any Mark (1) (whether in whole or in part) in, or as part of, any corporate or
legal business name, (2) with any prefix, suffix, or other modifying words, terms, designs, or
symbols (other than logos we have licensed to you), (3) in providing or selling any unauthorized
services or products, (4) as part of any domain name, homepage, electronic address, email
address, or otherwise in connection with a Website or social media platform, (5) in connection
with any other business you or your affiliates operate, or (6) in any other manner we have not
expressly authorized in writing. If we discover your unauthorized use of the Marks, we may
require you to immediately cease your use of the Marks and to destroy (with no reimbursement
from us) all offending items reflecting such unauthorized use. We may regulate your and your
employees’ use of any recording, audio, video, photographic, or digital devices at the Premises
or otherwise in connection with the Restaurant’s operation (unless expressly approved by us) that
create content that can be uploaded to a website (e.g., YouTube) or electronically, digitally, or
otherwise shared with others (unless such activities are protected under applicable law).
You may not use any Mark in advertising the transfer, sale, or other disposition of the
Restaurant or an ownership interest in you without our prior written consent, which we will not
unreasonably withhold. You may not pledge, hypothecate, or grant a security interest in any

21
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

