If you hire or appoint new or additional on-site managers for the Restaurant during the franchise
term, we may require them to complete to our satisfaction our then-current initial training and (depending
on the experience of any remaining on-site managers) apprenticeship programs. We may charge reasonable
fees for training new managers. You agree to pay all travel and living expenses your employees incur
during all training courses and programs. You agree to assist us in training other JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurant franchisees. Your out-of-pocket expenses for providing this assistance will be reimbursed.
Any specific ongoing training or advice we provide does not create an obligation (whether by
course of dealing or otherwise) to continue to provide that training or advice, all of which we may
discontinue and modify from time to time.
Training Related Fees and Costs
We will provide the orientation session for your Operations Partner at no charge (although you are
responsible for all travel and living expenses) and will provide initial training and the apprenticeship
program for no additional fee for 2 people (except if you are a first-time franchisee opening your first
JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant, in which case there is no additional fee for the third person you send to
training). There generally are no limits on the number of people you may send to initial training and the
apprenticeship program. However, you must pay our then-current training charge for each additional
person after the first 2 people (or 3 people if you are a first-time franchisee opening your first JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurant). You also agree to pay all travel and living expenses your Operations Partner and
employees incur in connection with attending training.
You are responsible for paying your employees’ wages and benefits (if applicable) while they
attend training, including District Manager training. We will provide you information about the number of
hours your employees are actively involved in classroom and in-restaurant training, and you are responsible
for seeking out any other information you believe you need to ensure your employees are accurately paid
during training. You also are responsible for maintaining workers’ compensation insurance over your
employees during training and must provide proof of that insurance at the outset of the training program.
Everyone attending training must have a state health certificate.
Item 5 describes our training cancellation fees.
Shift Coverage by Certified Managers
The presence of properly trained and certified managers is important to ensuring and promoting
compliance with Brand Standards. At least 10 full shifts at the Restaurant each week must be covered in
their entireties by certified managers. If this is your first JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant, 14 full shifts at
the Restaurant each week during the first 12 months the Restaurant is open must be covered in their
entireties by certified managers. Each shift may be covered using any number of certified managers, and
in any combination, you choose. A “full” shift is from an hour before your posted opening time to shift
change or from shift change to 10 minutes after your posted closing time. You are responsible for
determining how many certified managers you will employ and may determine that your Restaurant is bestserved by employing more than 3 certified managers during the first 12 months your Restaurant is open and
more than 2 certified managers afterward. You also are responsible for determining when shift change will
take place in your Restaurant.
If this is your first JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant, your Operations Partner must work, at a
minimum, 5 “half” shifts in your Restaurant each week. A half shift is defined as one-half of the hours that
comprise a full shift at your Restaurant. Those hours must be worked consecutively, and each half shift
must be worked on a different day, so that your Operations Partner is physically present in the Restaurant

55
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

