or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by us, any franchise seller, or any other person
acting on behalf of us. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in
connection with the franchise.
18.

NOTICES AND PAYMENTS.

All written notices, reports, and payments permitted or required to be delivered by this
Agreement or the Confidential Operations Manual will be deemed to be delivered:
(a)

at the time delivered by hand;

(b)
at the time delivered via computer transmission and, in the case of the
Royalty, Fund contributions, and other amounts due, at the time we actually receive
payment via the EDTA;
(c)
one (1) business day after transmission by facsimile or other electronic
system if the sender has confirmation of successful transmission; or
(d)
one (1) business day after being placed in the hands of a
nationally-recognized commercial courier service for next business day delivery.
Any notice to us must be sent to the address specified on the first page of this Agreement,
although we may change this address for notice by giving you thirty (30) days’ prior notice by
any of the means specified in subparagraphs (a) through (d) above. Any notice that we send to
you may be sent only to the one (1) person identified on Exhibit A, even if you have multiple
owners, at the email or postal address specified on Exhibit A. You may change the person and/or
address for notice only by giving us thirty (30) days’ prior notice by any of the means specified
in subparagraphs (a) through (d) above.
Any required payment or report that we do not actually receive during regular business
hours on the date due will be deemed delinquent.
19.

COMPLIANCE WITH ANTI-TERRORISM LAWS.

You and your owners agree to comply, and to assist us to the fullest extent possible in our
efforts to comply, with Anti-Terrorism Laws (defined below). In connection with that
compliance, you and your owners certify, represent, and warrant that none of your property or
interests is subject to being blocked under, and that you and your owners otherwise are not in
violation of, any of the Anti-Terrorism Laws. “Anti-Terrorism Laws” mean Executive Order
13224 issued by the President of the United States, the USA PATRIOT Act, and all other present
and future federal, state, and local laws, ordinances, regulations, policies, lists, and other
requirements of any governmental authority addressing or in any way relating to terrorist acts and
acts of war. Any violation of the Anti-Terrorism Laws by you or your owners, or any blocking of
your or your owners’ assets under the Anti-Terrorism Laws, constitutes good cause for
immediate termination of this Agreement, as provided in Subsection 14.B.(20) above.
69
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

