beneficial, or otherwise), investor, partner, director, officer, employee, consultant, representative,
or agent in any Competitive Business (as defined in Section 7 above) located or operating:
(a)

at the Premises;

(b)

within a three (3) mile radius of the Premises;

(c)
within three (3) miles of any other JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant in
operation or under construction on the Effective Date and still in operation on the
effective date of termination or expiration; or
(d)
within one (1) mile of any other JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant in
operation or under construction on the later of the effective date of the termination or
expiration of this Agreement or the date on which all persons restricted by this
Subsection begin to comply with this Subsection.
These restrictions also apply after transfers, as provided in Section 12.C.(12) above. If any
person restricted by this Subsection refuses voluntarily to comply with these obligations, the two
(2) year period for that person will commence with the entry of a court order enforcing this
provision. The two (2) year period will be tolled, if applicable, for the period during which a
restricted person is in breach of this Subsection and will resume when that person resumes
compliance. Your owners expressly acknowledge that they possess skills and abilities of a
general nature and have other opportunities for exploiting these skills. Consequently, our
enforcing the covenants made in this Subsection will not deprive you or your owners of your
personal goodwill or ability to earn a living. You acknowledge and agree that the restrictions in
this Section 15.D are fair and reasonable and will not impose an undue hardship on you.
E.

OUR RIGHT TO PURCHASE RESTAURANT.

If you decide to transfer during this Agreement’s term the Restaurant and the franchise
rights granted by this Agreement, the Restaurant’s assets, an ownership interest in you, or a
controlling ownership interest in an Entity that owns a controlling ownership interest in you, the
provisions of Section 12 generally will apply to the proposed transfer. However, under the
circumstances listed in subparagraph (1) below, we have certain rights, as described in this
Subsection 15.E., to acquire the Restaurant upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement.
(1)

Exercise of Option.

(a)

our termination of this Agreement according to its terms and conditions,

(b)

your termination of this Agreement without cause, or

Upon

57
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

