You will not receive an exclusive territory. You also do not have any type of non-exclusive
territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other
channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control. We (and our affiliates) retain the right at all
times to engage in any and all activities that we (and they) deem appropriate, wherever and whenever we
(and they) desire, and whether or not these activities compete with your Restaurant. These permitted
activities include the right to (1) establish and operate, and allow others to establish and operate, JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurants at any locations and in any areas, other than at your Restaurant’s specific premises,
(2) establish, and allow others to establish, other businesses and distribution channels (including the
Internet), wherever located or operating, that operate under the Marks or any other trademarks or service
marks, that are the same as or different from JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants, and that sell products and/or
services that are identical or similar to and/or competitive with those that JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants
customarily sell, and (3) engage in all other activities not expressly prohibited by the Franchise Agreement.
We currently sell Jimmy Chips® at certain national retail stores and online.
You have no options, rights of first refusal, or similar rights to acquire additional franchises. You
must provide delivery services in compliance with our standards but only in the delivery area we specify
for you (in an email or other communication) after you find the Restaurant’s site. We generally require all
franchisees to offer delivery services; it is not an optional service. Except as described below, you may
deliver the Restaurant’s products to customers only with your own employed delivery drivers. The delivery
area’s size depends on where your Restaurant is located (for example, a residential or commercial area),
population density, drive times, and distance. There is no specific minimum or maximum delivery area.
We may at any time and for any or no reason change the delivery area, including reducing its size. If we
do, you must immediately change your delivery practices and begin delivering the Restaurant’s products
only within the newly-defined area. If you do not do so, we may immediately terminate your right to
provide any delivery services anywhere. If we reduce your delivery area’s size, there might be a reduction
in your sales, but we will not be liable for that reduction because we simply will have taken action the
Franchise Agreement allows us to take. Your delivery area is not exclusive. We may engage and/or allow
other franchisees and third parties to engage in any activities we desire within the area without any
restrictions at all (including allowing other franchisees to provide delivery services in the area). We will
not be liable for any reduction in your sales due to these activities because we are allowed to engage and/or
to allow others to engage in these activities. The area is nothing more than the geographic boundaries in
which you may deliver the Restaurant’s products. In addition to your obligations above, if you receive our
prior written approval (which we may revoke at any time or for any reason) or if we (at our option) require,
then you must commence and continuously use the Third-Party Delivery Platforms in compliance with the
Brand Standards.
Although we have the right to do so, we and our affiliates have not, except as described at the end
of this Item, established other franchises or company-owned outlets or another distribution channel selling
or leasing similar products or services under a different trademark.
Continuation of your franchise does not depend on your achieving a certain sales volume, market
penetration, or other contingency. Except as provided above regarding delivery services, there are no
restrictions on the areas where you may solicit or accept orders for Menu Items and services. However,
besides your delivery rights above, you have no right to use other distribution channels to make sales
away from your location and may not do so at any time.
If we and any Other Franchisor grant you the right to operate a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant and
one or more Other Restaurants at a Multi-Brand Location, Other Franchisor may grant you territorial
exclusivity for the Other Restaurant which will be described in Other Franchisor’s FDD and/or Other
Franchise Agreement.

60
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

