We will identify all designated and approved suppliers in the Confidential Operations Manual or
other written or electronic communications. Our affiliate has contracted with a technology provider to
provide franchisees a technology-based learning management system, and you must participate in the
arrangement with that provider. Otherwise, we and our affiliates currently are not designated or approved
suppliers of any items or services. Besides Trade Secret Food Products and Branded Products, you
currently must buy all of your Restaurant’s equipment and point-of-sale system from our designated
suppliers. We also may require you to use our designated insurance broker, a designated supplier for video
security systems, and designated or approved general contractors. If you receive our prior written approval
(which we may revoke at any time or for any reason) or if we require, then you must commence and
continuously use the third-party food ordering, drop-off/catering, and/or delivery services and systems we
designate or approve periodically (collectively, “Third-Party Delivery Platforms”) in compliance with the
Brand Standards. We may condition your use of Third-Party Delivery Platforms on your purchase or lease
of certain hardware, software, and other goods or services we periodically designate from designated or
approved suppliers, which may at our option be limited to us, certain of our affiliates, and/or other specified
exclusive sources.
Additionally, you must sign contracts with approved suppliers and participate in our then-current
gift card program operated by or through our approved suppliers (that may include us or our affiliates).
There are no other goods, services, supplies, fixtures, equipment, inventory, computer hardware and
software, real estate, or comparable items related to establishing or operating the Restaurant that you
currently must buy or lease from us (or an affiliate) or designated suppliers. Any purchases from us and
our affiliates, whether required or voluntary, generally will be at prices exceeding our costs (plus applicable
taxes and shipping charges). Except for interests they may hold in Inspire Brands and its subsidiaries, our
officers currently do not own an interest in any suppliers.
To maintain the quality of products and services that JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants sell and the
reputation of the JIMMY JOHN’S® system, we may condition your right to buy or lease Operating Assets,
inventory and other items, and services (besides those described above that you may obtain only from us,
certain of our affiliates, and/or other specified exclusive sources) on their meeting minimum standards and
specifications prescribed for the JIMMY JOHN’S® system and/or being acquired from suppliers we
approve. We will issue and modify standards and specifications based on our, our affiliates’, and
franchisees’ experience in operating JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants. These standards and specifications
may include minimum requirements for production, performance, reputation, prices, quality, design, and
appearance. Our Confidential Operations Manual or other communications will identify required standards
and specifications for you and (where appropriate) suppliers or only for suppliers (in the latter case where,
for example, required standards and/or specifications are given to a supplier under a confidentiality
agreement). There might be situations where you can obtain items from any supplier that can satisfy our
requirements and, therefore, that supplier would be approved as to those items.
If we institute any restrictive sourcing program (which we already have done, as noted above, for
Trade Secret Food Products, Branded Products, the Restaurant’s equipment, and the point-of-sale system
and also may do for other items, including general contractor services) and you want to use any item or
service we have not yet evaluated, or to buy or lease from a supplier we have not yet approved or designated
as meeting minimum JIMMY JOHN’S® standards and specifications, you first must send us any
information, specifications, and samples we may require so we can determine whether the item or service
complies with Brand Standards or the supplier meets approved supplier criteria. We may charge you or the
supplier a reasonable evaluation fee and will decide within a reasonable time (no more than 30 days). We
periodically will establish procedures for your requests and may limit the number of approved items,
services, and/or suppliers as we think best.
Supplier approval might depend on product quality, delivery frequency and reliability, service
standards, ability to adhere to our standards, financial capability, customer relations, the benefits of

39
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

