District Manager Training
The training and related requirements described in this “District Manager Training” section are the
District Manager training requirements in effect as of the date on which we issued this disclosure document.
If we change the District Manager training requirements for the franchise system at any time after that
issuance date, you must comply with the updated District Manager training requirements with respect to
your Restaurants, despite the provisions currently described below (and even if you already signed your
Franchise Agreements).
If the Restaurant is the third JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant owned by you and/or your affiliates,
you must hire or appoint a District Manager. The District Manager may not also be an in-Restaurant
manager. The District Manager must attend and complete to our satisfaction all Certified Manager training,
including the 3-week initial training and 4-week apprenticeship programs. If the District Manager has at
least 6 previous months of experience as an in-Restaurant manager, he or she need not attend the 4-week
apprenticeship program. The District Manager also must attend and successfully complete to our
satisfaction District Manager training, which currently includes virtual training and attendance at a regional
District Manager Training Workshop in Champaign, Illinois, Atlanta, Georgia, or other location we
designate. Attendees also must prove to us they can execute all tasks and skills covered during training. If
an attendee does not successfully complete training the first time, he or she may apply to enroll in the next
available training class. Your District Manager will lose certification for that position 12 months after he
or she ceases to serve in that role.
You may not open the Restaurant (if it is the third JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant owned by you
and/or your affiliates) unless your District Manager is in position and has successfully completed all
required training. You also must have a District Manager for every 3 to 5 JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants
owned by you and/or your affiliates. In other words, you and/or your affiliates must have 1 District Manager
for at least every 3 JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants that you and/or your affiliates own and operate, and the
District Manager may not manage more than 5 JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants. Once you and/or your
affiliates reach 6 JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants, you must hire/appoint a second District Manager, and
then continue to hire/appoint new District Managers as you open new JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants, so
that no District Manager is responsible for any more than five (5) JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants. When
you open your sixth JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant, or at any time thereafter, your Operations Partner may
assume a Director of Operations position (or continue to be a District Manager along with your other
District Managers). If you and/or your affiliates have JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants in different markets,
you must have separate District Managers with responsibility for each market.
Regional Certified Training Program
We provide an optional training program to franchisees that desire to become a “Regional Certified
Training Store” and the General Manager becomes a “Regional Certified Training Manager.” Any
franchisee may nominate their store(s) or may be nominated by a member of Jimmy John’s franchise field
team. Upon nomination, a representative from the Jimmy John’s franchise field team will visit and
determine if the store is approved as a Regional Certified Training Store. Upon being nominated, approved
by the Jimmy John’s franchise field team, and the franchisee and General Manager deciding to complete
the necessary training to become a Regional Certified Training Store, the Jimmy John’s Field Training
Manager will provide the regional training store and manager training. The regional training store and
manager training is a train-the-trainer program and the attendees will learn how to train other franchisees’
employees. The regional training store and manager training will last between 3 and 6 week, and will
depend on whether the General Manager has completed the 3 week training program, our apprenticeship
program, and other relevant experience. We currently expect that a Jimmy John’s Field Training Team
member will evaluate the Regional Certified Training Store 3 times a year to confirm that it is adhering to
program standards.

58
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

