DMA or have been expelled. In that case, your voting and other membership rights in the Cooperative
Program will terminate automatically on the day your Franchise Agreement terminates or expires or on the
day you are expelled. However, you still must pay all contributions that accrued before the date of
termination, expiration, or expulsion.
The Cooperative Program may adopt rules and regulations regarding the treatment of
delinquencies. You agree to abide by them, including paying interest and late fees. We may suspend your
voting rights and other privileges if you are delinquent in making contributions or otherwise are in default
under your Franchise Agreement (including by not having the required number of certified managers in
place). However, suspension of your voting rights and other privileges will not excuse you from paying
delinquent amounts or other contributions becoming due from Cooperative Program members after the
suspension.
You will remain responsible to the Cooperative Program for all contributions due through the date
of the Restaurant’s transfer. A transfer will be deemed to occur only if it complies with your Franchise
Agreement. If you sell or close your Restaurant (or are expelled) when you have a credit balance with the
Cooperative Program, the balance will not be refunded. It will be retained for the benefit of other
Cooperative Program members if the transaction involves the Restaurant’s closing or the termination or
expiration of your Franchise Agreement (or your expulsion); credited to the transferee if an approved
transfer takes place; or credited to your other JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants and Cooperative Program
memberships if the transaction involves a Restaurant closing but you then own other JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurants located in the DMA and remain a Cooperative Program member with respect to one or more
of those other Restaurants.
We have the power to form, change, dissolve, or merge any Cooperative Program. Cooperative
Programs will not operate from any written governing documents other than your Franchise Agreement.
As of this disclosure document’s original issuance date, we have identified 182 separate DMAs for JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurants.
Franchisee Advertising Council
There currently is no franchisee advertising council advising us on advertising policies. However,
we have the power to form, change, or dissolve such a council.
Regional Advisory Franchisee Council
You must participate in any Regional Advisory Franchisee Council we designate. We have the
power to form, change, dissolve, or merge any such Council.
Computer and Point-of-Sale Systems
You must have a “back-of-office” Windows-compatible desktop computer that is not a laptop,
which you may purchase through your own vendor. The computer must have an Ethernet adapter for
network and Internet connectivity. You must have a functioning email address to receive notices and
otherwise communicate with you by email. You must provide network cabling in your Restaurant
according to our specifications. The operating system of the “back-of-office” computer must be a version
of Windows that is currently supported by Microsoft. You must install and maintain a currently-supported
version of Microsoft Excel for the weekly sales report. We estimate the computer system’s cost to be $800
to $2,000. Because this computer is purchased “off the shelf” at any store, there are no service contracts
and no expected annual costs for maintenance, repairs, upgrades, or updates (and therefore no third parties
have any contractual right or obligation to provide them).

51
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

