7.

Advise you on the Restaurant’s grand opening event if you choose to have one. (Franchise
Agreement, Section 9.A.)

8.

Train your Operations Partner and the on-site managers that you have designated to attend
the JIMMY JOHN’S® training program. (Franchise Agreement, Sections 4.A. and B.) We
describe this training later in this Item.

During your operation of the Restaurant, we will fulfill the following obligations:
1.

Send one of our representatives to provide guidance and recommendations with respect to
the Restaurant’s operation (which will not include guidance or recommendations regarding
employment matters) during the initial opening period. We will provide 24 hours of the
representative’s time if the Restaurant is your first JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant, 16 hours
if the Restaurant is your second JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant, and 8 hours if the
Restaurant is your third or subsequent JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant. (Franchise
Agreement, Section 4.A.(1)) We also will assist new owners that have purchased an
existing Restaurant.

2.

Advise you regarding the manner in which, based on your reports or our evaluations and
inspections, operations at the Restaurant promote and enhance the quality of the JIMMY
JOHN’S® brand. We also may provide recommendations to you on standards,
specifications, and operating procedures and methods that JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants
use; purchasing required and authorized Operating Assets, Trade Secret Food Products,
Branded Products, Permitted Brands, and other items and arranging for their distribution
to you; advertising and marketing materials and programs; and administrative,
bookkeeping, accounting, and inventory-control procedures.
We may provide
recommendations to you in our Confidential Operations Manual and other manuals,
bulletins, or other written materials; by electronic media; by telephone consultation; and/or
at our office or the Restaurant. (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.C.)

3.

Give you, at your request (and our option) or if we so require, additional or special guidance
and support. (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.C.)

4.

Continue to provide you access to the Confidential Operations Manual, which may consist
of and is defined to include audio, video, computer software, other electronic media, and/or
written and other tangible materials. The media and materials comprising the Confidential
Operations Manual contains mandatory and suggested specifications, standards, operating
procedures, and rules (“Brand Standards”) and information on your other obligations under
the Franchise Agreement. We periodically may modify the substance of the Confidential
Operations to reflect changes in Brand Standards and your other operating requirements.
(Franchise Agreement, Sections 4.A., 4.B., 4.C., and 8)

5.

Issue and modify Brand Standards for JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants. We periodically
may modify Brand Standards, which may accommodate regional or local variations, and
these modifications may require you to invest additional capital in the Restaurant and/or
incur higher operating costs. (Franchise Agreement, Section 8)

6.

Audit and inspect the Restaurant, report on your compliance with the Franchise Agreement
and all Brand Standards, and communicate with Restaurant managers and customers.
(Franchise Agreement, Section 11.A.)

7.

Let you use confidential information. (Franchise Agreement, Section 6)

46
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

