8.

Let you use the Marks. (Franchise Agreement, Section 5)

9.

Periodically offer new training courses. (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.A.)

10.

Maintain and administer a formal Advertising and Development Fund (the “Fund”) for
advertising, marketing, and public-relations programs and materials, as well as other brandbuilding and protection activities, that we deem appropriate to enhance the JIMMY
JOHN’S® brand. (Franchise Agreement, Section 9.B.)

Advertising and Development Fund
You must contribute to the Fund the amounts we periodically require (not to exceed 4.5% of the
Restaurant’s Gross Sales or 2.25% of the Restaurant’s Gross Sales for Non-Traditional Locations). JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurants that we or our affiliates own will contribute to the Fund on the same percentage
basis as franchisees. One or more franchisees operating their JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants in nontraditional venues (e.g., an airport) currently pay a lower Fund contribution than you must pay. We have
the right to collect for deposit into the Fund any advertising, marketing, or similar allowances paid to us by
suppliers that deal with JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants and with whom we agree to so deposit those
allowances.
We or our designee will direct all programs the Fund finances, with sole control over the creative
concepts, graphics, materials, communications, media, and endorsements used as well as their geographic,
market, and media placement and allocation. The Fund may pay for preparing and producing video, audio,
and written materials and digital media (including conducting on-line Internet and mobile advertising and
marketing); developing, implementing, and maintaining an electronic commerce Website and/or related
strategies; administering national, regional, and multi-regional marketing and advertising programs,
including purchasing trade-journal, direct-mail, and other media advertising; using advertising, promotion,
and marketing agencies and other advisors to provide assistance; and supporting public relations, market
research, and other advertising, promotion, and marketing activities. The Fund may advertise locally,
regionally, and/or nationally in printed materials, on radio or television, and/or on the Internet, as and
however we think best. Our designees, including a national advertising agency, currently produce all
advertising and marketing materials. The Fund periodically may give you samples of advertising,
marketing, and promotional formats and materials at no cost. We or our designee may sell you multiple
copies of these materials at our or its direct cost of producing them, plus any related shipping, handling,
and storage charges.
We will account for the Fund separately from our other monies (although we need not keep Fund
contributions in a separate bank account) and not use the Fund for our general operating expenses.
However, the Fund may pay (i) the reasonable salaries and benefits of personnel managing and
administering the Fund and working on Fund business/activities, (ii) the Fund’s other administrative costs,
(iii) travel expenses of personnel while on Fund business, (iv) meeting costs, (v) overhead relating to Fund
business, and (vi) other expenses we or our designees incur in activities reasonably related to administering
or directing the Fund and its programs as well as collecting and accounting for Fund contributions,
including, without limitation, taxes we must pay on Fund contributions we receive, conducting market
research, public relations, and preparing advertising, promotion, and marketing materials.
The Fund is not a trust. We have a contractual obligation to hold all Fund contributions for the
contributors’ benefit and to use contributions only for their permitted purposes (described above). We have
no fiduciary obligation to you for administering the Fund. The Fund may spend in any fiscal year more or
less than the total Fund contributions in that year, borrow from us or others (paying reasonable interest) to
cover deficits, or invest any surplus for future use. We will use interest earned on Fund contributions to
pay costs before spending the Fund’s other assets. The Fund will not be used principally to develop

47
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

