(c)
if any franchise agreement between us and you (or your Approved Affiliate) for a
Jimmy John’s® Restaurant is terminated by us in compliance with its terms or by you (or your
Approved Affiliate) for any (or no) reason, even if that other franchise agreement was not signed
pursuant to your rights under this Agreement; or
(d)
if we have delivered a formal written notice of default to you under the Franchise
Agreement, whether or not you cure that default and whether or not we subsequently terminate the
Franchise Agreement; or
(e)
if we have delivered a formal written notice of default to you (or your affiliated
entity) under any other franchise agreement between us and you (or your affiliated entity) for a
Jimmy John’s® Restaurant (even if that other franchise agreement was not signed pursuant to your
rights under this Agreement), whether or not you (or your affiliated entity) cure that default and
whether or not we subsequently terminate the other franchise agreement.
Termination of this Agreement is not deemed to be the termination of any franchise rights.
Franchise rights arise only under franchise agreements signed directly with us. A termination of this
Agreement does not affect any franchise rights granted under any then-effective individual franchise
agreements. No portion of the Development Fee is refundable upon termination of this Agreement or
under any other circumstances.
9.
Assignment. Your development rights under this Agreement are not assignable at all. This
means that we will not under any circumstances allow the development rights to be transferred.
10.
General Provisions. Sections 6 (Confidential Information), 7 (Exclusive Relationship), 16
(Relationship of the Parties/Indemnification), and 17 (Enforcement) of the Existing Franchise
Agreement are incorporated by reference in this Agreement and will govern all aspects of our and
your relationship and the construction of this Agreement as if fully restated within the text of this
Agreement. You agree to comply, and ensure your owners comply, with the provisions of Sections 6,
7, 16, and 17 of the Existing Franchise Agreement applicable to the franchisee. This Agreement,
together with the Existing Franchise Agreement, supersedes all prior agreements and understandings,
whether oral and written, between the parties relating to its subject matter, and there are no oral or
other written understandings, representations, or agreements between the parties relating to the
subject matter of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall
disclaim or require you to waive reliance on any representation that we made in the most recent
disclosure document (including its exhibits and amendments) that we delivered to you or your
representative. This Agreement may be signed by written or electronic signature and in multiple
counterparts, but all such counterparts together shall be considered one and the same instrument. The
provisions of this Agreement may be amended or modified only by written agreement signed by the
party to be bound.

6
JJF DRA (March 2025)
1621919240.2

