4.
Subfranchising and Sublicensing Rights. This Agreement does not give you any right to
franchise, license, subfranchise, or sublicense others to develop and operate Jimmy John’s®
Restaurants. Only you (and/or Approved Affiliates) may construct, develop, open, and operate
Jimmy John’s® Restaurants pursuant to this Agreement. This Agreement also does not give you (or
your Approved Affiliates) any independent right to use the Jimmy John’s® trademark or our other
trademarks and commercial symbols. The right to use our trademarks and commercial symbols is
granted only under a franchise agreement signed directly with us. This Agreement only grants you
the right to develop the number of Jimmy Johns® Restaurants identified on Exhibit A in accordance
with the Schedule in the Territory if you fully comply with the terms of this Agreement.
5.
Development Fee. As consideration for the development rights we grant you in this
Agreement, you must pay us an amount equal to $_____________________ (the “Development
Fee”), which is equal to Ten-Thousand Dollars ($10,000) for each Jimmy John’s® Restaurant you
agree to construct, develop, and operate under the Schedule but for which you are not signing
franchise agreements concurrently with signing this Agreement. The Development Fee is
consideration for the rights we grant you in this Agreement and for reserving the Territory for you to
the exclusion of others (except as provided in this Agreement) while you are in compliance, is fully
earned by us when we sign this Agreement, and is not refundable under any circumstances, even if
you do not comply or attempt to comply with the Schedule and we then terminate this Agreement.
However, each time you (or your Approved Affiliate) sign a franchise agreement for another Jimmy
John’s® Restaurant to be developed within the Territory pursuant to the Schedule, we will apply
Ten-Thousand Dollars ($10,000) of the Development Fee toward the initial franchise fee due under
the applicable franchise agreement for that Jimmy John’s® Restaurant. After you pay us the balance
of that initial franchise fee when you sign the franchise agreement, that amount is not refundable
under any circumstances.
6.
Grant of Franchises. You must submit to us a separate application for each Jimmy John’s®
Restaurant that you (or your Approved Affiliate) wish to develop in the Territory. You agree to give
us all information and materials we request to assess each proposed Restaurant site. It is your
responsibility to locate, evaluate, and select the Restaurant’s site. We will not select sites for you. In
granting you the development rights under this Agreement, we are relying on your knowledge of the
real estate market in the Territory and your ability to locate and access sites. We will give you our
then-current criteria for Jimmy John’s® Restaurants to help you select and identify each Restaurant
site. We will not unreasonably withhold our acceptance of a proposed site if, in our and our
affiliates’ experience and based on our then-current site criteria, the proposed site is not inconsistent
with sites that we and our affiliates regard as favorable or that otherwise have been successful sites
for Jimmy John’s® Restaurants in the past. However, we have the absolute right to reject any site
not meeting our criteria or to require you to acknowledge in writing that a site you have chosen is
accepted but not recommended due to its incompatibility with certain factors that bear on a site’s
suitability as a location for a Jimmy John’s® Restaurant. We agree to use reasonable efforts to
review and accept (or not accept) sites you propose within thirty (30) days after we receive all
requested information and materials. You may not proceed with a site that we have not accepted.

4
JJF DRA (March 2025)
1621919240.2

