Manuals, workbooks, menus, and other training aids are used during the training programs. There
is a formal training staff. Kimberly Landry, Inspire Brands’ Senior Director of Training, oversees all
training. Ms. Landry has been involved in JIMMY JOHN’S® training programs since May 2000 and has
detailed knowledge and experience in all aspects of operating a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant. Ms. Landry
oversees field training managers who have been trained in all aspects of operating a JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurant and have varying years of training experience. These individuals also conduct training for JJE’s
JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants.
Multi-Brand Locations
If we permit you to operate the Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, the services, guidance and
assistance that we provide under the Franchise Agreement, including any training, may be intended for
stand-alone JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants and not tailored or specific to Multi-Brand Locations. We may
modify our training, staffing and other similar requirements to address any employees that are cross-trained
to operate both the Restaurant and the Other Restaurants. However, you must ensure that all employees
who provide services to the Restaurant’s customers or otherwise assist in the Restaurant’s operation are
properly trained to operate the Restaurant and otherwise satisfy our requirements. We have no obligation
to provide training, services or other assistant with respect to the development or operation of any Other
Restaurant. (Sections 4(c) and 5 of the MBA)
ITEM 12

TERRITORY

Franchise Agreement
You will operate the Restaurant at a specific location that we first must accept. If you have not
located the Restaurant’s premises as of the Franchise Agreement’s effective date, you must secure, by lease
or purchase, a suitable site within 12 months afterward, and we will identify in the Franchise Agreement a
nonexclusive area within which we expect you to look for a suitable site. We may terminate the Franchise
Agreement if you do not secure the site within this 12-month period. You may operate the Restaurant only
at the approved premises and may not relocate without our approval, which we may grant or deny as we
deem best. Our acceptance of the proposed relocation depends on the circumstances at the time and what
we deem to be in the Restaurant’s and our system’s best interests. Factors we may consider in that regard
include, for example, the new site’s market area, its proximity to other Restaurants in our system, whether
you are in compliance with your Franchise Agreement, and how long it will take you to open at the new
site.
We may condition our approval of your relocation request on (1) the new site and its lease being
acceptable to us, (2) your paying us a relocation fee, (3) your reimbursing the costs we incur during the
relocation process, including those required to help you construct and develop the Restaurant at the new
site in full compliance with Jimmy John’s Brand Standards, (4) your confirming that your Franchise
Agreement remains in effect and governs your operation of the Restaurant at the new site with no change
in the franchise term or, at our option, your signing our then-current form of franchise agreement to govern
your operation of the Restaurant at the new site for a new franchise term, (5) your signing a Relocation
Rider to Franchise Agreement to govern your transition from the Restaurant’s former premises to the new
site, (6) your signing a general release, in a form satisfactory to us, of any and all claims against us and our
owners, affiliates, officers, directors, employees, and agents (except for our indemnification obligations),
(7) your continuing to operate the Restaurant at the original premises until we authorize its closure, and (8)
your taking, within the timeframe we specify and at your own expense, all action we require to de-brand
and de-identify the Restaurant’s former premises so that it no longer is associated in any manner (in our
sole determination) with the franchise system.

59
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

