(3)
construct all required improvements to the Premises and decorate the
Restaurant according to approved plans and specifications;
(4)
obtain all customary contractors’ sworn statements and partial and final
waivers of lien for construction, remodeling, decorating, and installation services;
(5)
purchase or lease, and install, all required fixtures, furniture, equipment
(including required computer, and point-of-sale information systems, back office systems
for reporting and inventory purposes, and, upon our request, video security system),
furnishings, and signs (collectively, “Operating Assets”) for the Restaurant; and
(6)
purchase an opening inventory of required and authorized Trade Secret
Food Products, Branded Products, Permitted Brands, and other products, materials, and
supplies to begin operating the Restaurant.
D.

OPERATING ASSETS AND OTHER INITIAL AND ONGOING
PURCHASES FOR RESTAURANT.

You agree to use in operating the Restaurant only those Operating Assets we designate or
approve for JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants as meeting Jimmy John’s specifications and
standards for quality, design, appearance, function, and performance. You may not install or
otherwise operate at the Premises any unauthorized vending or similar machines. You agree to
place or display at the Premises (interior and exterior), and on any permitted delivery vehicles,
only the signs, emblems, lettering, logos, and display materials we approve from time to time.
You agree to purchase or lease approved brands, types, or models of Operating Assets
only from suppliers we designate or approve (which may include or be limited to us and/or
certain of our affiliates). We may regulate the terms and conditions of the sale and delivery of,
and the terms and methods of payment for, Trade Secret Food Products, Branded Products,
Permitted Brands, and other products and services you obtain from us and affiliated and
unaffiliated suppliers. We, our affiliates, and other suppliers have the right not to sell you any
Trade Secret Food Products, Branded Products, or other products or not to provide services to
you, or to do so only on a “cash-on-delivery” or other basis, if you are in default under any
agreement (and have been notified of that default).
We and our affiliates have the right (without liability) to consult with your suppliers
about the status of your account with them and to advise your suppliers and others with whom
you, we, certain of our affiliates, and other franchisees deal that you are in default under any
agreement with us or our affiliates (but only if we have notified you of such default). We and our
affiliates have the right to receive payments from suppliers on account of their actual or
prospective dealings with you and other franchisees and to use all amounts we and our affiliates
receive without restriction for any purposes we and they deem appropriate (unless we and they
agree otherwise with the supplier).

9
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

