premises fail to meet your expectations. You acknowledge and agree that your acceptance of the
Franchise was or will be based on your own independent investigation of a site’s suitability for
the Premises. We are relying on your knowledge of the real estate market in your area and your
ability to find a suitable site.
B.

LEASE OF PREMISES.

We have the right to accept or reject the terms of any lease or sublease for the Premises
(the “Lease”) before you sign it. The Lease must contain certain terms and provisions that we
may require from time to time (although we will not directly negotiate your Lease), and you and
your landlord must sign our then-current form of Option to Assume Lease.
You acknowledge that our acceptance of the Lease is not a guarantee or warranty, express
or implied, of the success or profitability of a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant operated at the
Premises. Our acceptance indicates only that we believe the Premises and the Lease’s terms
adequately protect our interests and/or the interests of other franchisees in the JIMMY JOHN’S®
system, to the extent those interests are implicated in the Lease.
After your Lease is executed, you agree to provide us with notice of any revisions to its
terms that you or your landlord might propose, and we have the right to accept or reject those
proposed revisions before they become effective.
If you sign this Agreement in connection with your acquisition of the Restaurant from an
existing franchisee and your execution of a Lease assignment or sublease for the Premises, the
effective date of the Lease assignment or sublease for the Premises will be deemed to be the day
on which you opened the Restaurant to the public for business.
You may not relocate the Restaurant to a new site without our prior written consent,
which we may grant or deny as we deem best. Approval of your relocation request may be
conditioned on: (1) the new site and its lease being acceptable, according to the criteria generally
described above; (2) your paying us a reasonable relocation fee; (3) your reimbursing the costs
we incur during the relocation process, including those required to help you construct and
develop the Restaurant at the new site in full compliance with Jimmy John’s Brand Standards;
(4) your confirming that this Agreement remains in effect and governs your operation of the
Restaurant at the new site with no change in the Franchise term or, at our option, your signing
our then-current form of franchise agreement to govern your operation of the Restaurant at the
new site for a new Franchise term; (5) your signing a Relocation Rider to Franchise Agreement
to govern your transition from the Restaurant’s former Premises to the new site; (6) your signing
a general release, in a form satisfactory to us, of any and all claims against us and our affiliates,
as well as our and their respective owners, affiliates, officers, directors, employees, and agents
(except for our indemnification obligations under Subsection 16.D. below); (7) your continuing
to operate the Restaurant at the Premises until it is authorized to close; and (8) your taking,
within the timeframe we specify and at your own expense, all action we require to de-brand and
de-identify the Restaurant’s former Premises so that it no longer is associated in any manner (in

7
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

