promotion, termination, hours worked, rates of pay, other benefits, work assigned, discipline,
adjustment of grievances and complaints, and working conditions. To that end, you agree to
identify yourself conspicuously in all dealings with Restaurant personnel as the employer of such
personnel and to confirm that neither we, as the franchisor of JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants,
nor our affiliates, are their employer, and we and our affiliates do not engage in any
employer-type activities for which only franchisees are responsible, such as employee selection,
training, promotion, termination, hours worked, rates of pay, other benefits, work assigned,
discipline, adjustment of grievances and complaints, and working conditions.
B.

NO LIABILITY FOR ACTS OF OTHER PARTY.

We and you may not make any express or implied agreements, warranties, guarantees, or
representations, or incur any debt, in the name or on behalf of the other or represent that our
respective relationship is other than franchisor and franchisee. We will not be obligated for any
damages to any person or property directly or indirectly arising out of the Restaurant’s operation
or the business you conduct under this Agreement.
C.

TAXES.

We will have no liability for any sales, use, service, occupation, excise, gross receipts,
income, property, employment, or other taxes, whether levied upon you or the Restaurant, due to
the business you conduct (except for our own income taxes). You must pay these taxes and
reimburse us for any taxes we must pay to any taxing authority on account of either your
operation or payments you make to us (except for our own income taxes). Without limitation of
the foregoing, you agree to pay us an amount equal to all federal, state, local, and foreign (i)
sales, use, excise, privilege, occupation, or any other transactional taxes, and (ii) any other taxes
or similar exactions no matter how designated (excluding only taxes imposed on us for the
privilege of conducting business and calculated with respect to our net income, capital, net
worth, gross receipts, or some other basis or combination thereof, but not excluding any gross
receipts taxes imposed on us for your payments intended to reimburse us for expenditures
incurred for your benefit and on your behalf) that are imposed on us or required to be withheld
by you in connection with the receipt or accrual of service fees, royalties, or any other amounts
payable by you to us under this Agreement. Any additional required payment pursuant to the
preceding sentence must be made in an amount necessary to provide us with after-tax receipts
(taking into account any additional payments required under this Agreement) equal to the same
amounts we would have received under the provisions of this Agreement had such additional tax
liability or withholding not been imposed or required.
D.

INDEMNIFICATION.

(1)
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless us, our affiliates, and our and
their respective owners, directors, officers, employees, agents, successors, and assignees
(the “Indemnified Parties”) against, and to reimburse any one or more of the Indemnified
Parties for, all Losses (defined below) incurred as a result of a claim threatened or
asserted or inquiry made formally or informally, or a legal action, investigation, or other
proceeding brought, by a third party and directly or indirectly arising out of the
61
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

