concentrating purchases with limited suppliers to obtain better prices and service, and/or a supplier’s
willingness to pay us, certain of our affiliates, and/or our system for the right to do business with our system.
We and our affiliates have the right to receive payments from suppliers on account of their actual or
prospective dealings with us, our affiliates, you, and other franchisees and to use all amounts received
without restriction for any purposes we and our affiliates deem appropriate (unless we and our affiliates
agree otherwise with the supplier). Supplier approval might be temporary until we evaluate the supplier in
more detail. We may inspect a proposed supplier’s facilities during and after the approval process to
confirm the supplier meets JIMMY JOHN’S® standards. If it does not, we may revoke our approval by
notifying the supplier and you in writing. We need not approve any request for a new supplier, product, or
service and do not intend to do so if we already have designated specific items, services, and/or suppliers
or otherwise have imposed restrictions on the supply system.
You must purchase and maintain in effect, at your expense and from an insurer with a minimum
A.M. Best Rating of A-VII, and (at our option) from a source we accept, the insurance that we periodically
specify, in addition to any insurance required by law, by any lease or sublease. Your insurance policy or
policies must meet our standards and specifications (including minimum coverage amounts), and, at a
minimum, currently must include the following coverages: (i) property insurance on the Restaurant, its
improvements and all fixtures, equipment, supplies and other property used in the operation of the
Restaurant and if applicable, coverage for construction of leasehold improvements or a stand-alone Builders
Risk policy at 100% replacement value with no coinsurance; (ii) business interruption insurance that covers
your loss of income and our Royalty; (iii) commercial general liability insurance (including umbrella
liability); (iv) separate automobile liability insurance on all owned, hired, rented and non-owned vehicles,
the coverage must not be on a BOP or included in the general liability, it must be on an auto form;(v)
workers’ compensation and employer’s liability insurance covering all of your employees; (vi) employment
practices liability insurance; (vii) an MVR affidavit in a form we accept and signed by your insurance
agency to document that the insurance company providing the automobile liability insurance requires a
review of motor vehicle reports for each driver upon hire and at least annually afterward (to confirm every
driver meets guidelines the insurance company established allowing them to drive under the insurance
policy secured).
Employment Practices Liability Insurance and umbrella coverage levels depend on the number of
Restaurants owned. In addition, the required liability insurance must name us, our parents, and our affiliates
as additional insureds (using ISO form CG2029 or an equivalent endorsement for the liability and the ISO
form CG 2048 or an equivalent endorsement for the hired and non-owned auto), provide separation of
insureds coverage, and be primary and non-contributory with any insurance that we and our affiliates
maintain. The required property insurance must name us, our parents, and our affiliates as loss payees as
our and their respective interests appear, and all policies comply with our subrogation requirements. The
EPLI policy must be endorsed with the Franchisee Program Endorsement or the Vicarious Co-Defendant
Endorsement providing defense coverage for all prior mentioned JJF/Inspire Brand entities. Defense costs
must be outside of policy limits. We may periodically modify the required minimum limits and require
additional insurance coverages as conditions require to reflect changes in relevant circumstances, industry
standards, experiences in the JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant network, standards of liability and higher
damage awards. You must send us (or our designee) at commencement and thereafter annually or at our
request a proper certificate evidencing your compliance with our insurance requirements. If you do not
obtain and maintain the required insurance coverage, we have the right, but not the obligation, to obtain
insurance coverage and to charge the costs to you. You should consult with an insurance professional to
determine what coverage, in addition to the minimum required coverage, you may need for you and your
Restaurant.
To protect the goodwill we and certain of our affiliates have accumulated in the “JIMMY
JOHN’S®” name and other Marks, we reserve the right to review all advertising, promotional, or marketing
materials on or in which you intend to use the “JIMMY JOHN’S®” name or other Marks. You must not

40
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

