California filed the above-reference lawsuit in order to place the settlement agreement in the public record,
and the action was closed after the court approved the parties’ stipulation of judgment.
New York v. Dunkin’ Brands, Inc. (N.Y. Supreme Court for New York County, Case No.
451787/2019, filed September 26, 2019). In this matter, the N.Y. Attorney General (“NYAG”) filed a
lawsuit against our affiliate, DBI, related to credential-stuffing cyberattacks during 2015 and 2018. The
NYAG alleged that the cyber attackers used individuals’ credentials obtained from elsewhere on the
Internet to gain access to certain information for DD Perks customers and others who had registered a
Dunkin’ gift card. The NYAG further alleged that DBI failed to adequately notify customers and to
adequately investigate and disclose the security breaches, which the NYAG alleged violated the New York
laws concerning data privacy as well as unfair trade practices. On September 21, 2020, without admitting
or denying the NYAG’s allegations, DBI and the NYAG entered into a consent agreement to resolve the
State’s complaint. Under the consent order, DBI agreed to pay $650,000 in penalties and costs, issue certain
notices and other types of communications to New York customers, and maintain a comprehensive
information security program through September 2026, including precautions and response measures for
credential-stuffing attacks.
Other than these actions, no litigation is required to be disclosed in this Item.
ITEM 4

BANKRUPTCY

No bankruptcy is required to be disclosed in this Item.
ITEM 5

INITIAL FEES

Initial Franchise Fee
You typically must pay us an initial franchise fee in full when you sign the Franchise Agreement,
although we may credit all or part of that franchise fee towards your Royalties if one of our incentive
programs (described below) applies. Our standard initial franchise fee currently is $35,000. If, when
signing the Franchise Agreement, you agree to operate the Restaurant at the location of a JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurant that another franchisee previously operated and closed within the last year, the initial franchise
fee is either (1) $5,000, if you are a franchisee in good standing; or (2) $12,500. If you sign a Franchise
Agreement to develop a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant at a Non-Traditional Location, then you must pay
us a pro-rated amount of $17,500 initial franchise fee depending on the pro-rated term granted to you under
the Franchise Agreement when you sign the Franchise Agreement and Non-Traditional Rider. The initial
franchise fee is used to cover, among other things, the costs of evaluating your proposed site, providing the
initial training program, and helping you develop and open your Restaurant (although the initial franchise
fee is not in exchange for any particular products, services, or assistance).
During our fiscal year ending December 29, 2024, we charged initial franchise fees ranging from
$0 to $35,000. Initial franchise fees under Franchise Agreements are fully earned when paid and not
refundable under any circumstances.
Development Fee
If you sign our Development Rights Agreement, you must pay the development fee in full when
you sign the Development Rights Agreement. The development fee equals $10,000 for each Restaurant
you agree to construct, develop, and operate under the development schedule but for which you are not
signing a Franchise Agreement concurrently with signing the Development Rights Agreement. The balance
of the initial franchise fee for each Restaurant in the last group is due when you sign the Franchise
Agreement for that Restaurant.

21
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

