affiliates, including the applicable Franchise Agreement, when the applicable Restaurant opens, (b) you
open and begin operating that Restaurant in accordance with the Development Agreement and the
applicable Franchise Agreement on or before the deadline in the Development Schedule (the “Applicable
Opening Deadline”), (c) you build that Restaurant in the design, to the specifications, and at the location
approved by us in accordance with the Development Agreement and the applicable Franchise Agreement,
and (d) you provide to us a report, in the format and containing the information that we reasonably
specify, identifying the amounts that you spend in various categories relating to the development and
opening of that Restaurant within 120 days after the Restaurant first opens for business (collectively, the
“Incentive Eligibility Requirements”). If you fail to satisfy any of the conditions listed in (a) through (d)
above, or any other conditions for the applicable incentive, that incentive programs below will not apply
to the Restaurant(s).
2.
New Restaurant Opening Incentive. [Note: Only include if the franchisee qualifies for
the NRO Incentive] Because we and you are signing this Amendment before March 31, 2026 to develop
one or more New Commitments outside the Select Developing Territory (defined below), each Incentive
Commitment you agree to develop under the Development Schedule will receive the benefits of our
“New Restaurant Opening” or “NRO” incentive program, if you satisfy the Incentive Eligibility
Requirements with respect to that Restaurant. The “Select Developing Territory” includes California,
Connecticut, Delaware, Massachusetts, Maine, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Oregon,
Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont and Washington. If you satisfy the Incentive Eligibility
Requirements, then under the applicable Franchise Agreement:
a.
We will credit an amount equal to the initial franchise fee you paid plus the
portion of the development fee that we credit towards that initial franchise fee, up to $25,000,
towards the Royalty owed under that Franchise Agreement.
b.

The Royalty will be amended as set forth below:
Duration of Effective Royalty
Opening through Year 1
Year 2
Year 3
Year 4 through remainder of the term

Effective Royalty
1%
2%
4%
6%

3. Deeper New Restaurant Opening Incentive. [Note: Only include if the franchisee qualifies
for the Deeper NRO Incentive (5+ commitments)] Because we and you are signing this Amendment
before March 31, 2026 to develop five (5) or more New Commitments outside the Select Developing
Territory (defined below), each Incentive Commitment you agree to develop under the Development
Schedule will receive the benefits of our “Deeper New Restaurant Opening” or “Deeper NRO” incentive
program, if you satisfy the Incentive Eligibility Requirements with respect to that Restaurant. The “Select
Developing Territory” includes California, Connecticut, Delaware, Massachusetts, Maine, New
Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont and Washington. If
you satisfy the Incentive Eligibility Requirements, then under the applicable Franchise Agreement:
a.
We will credit an amount equal to the initial franchise fee you paid plus the
portion of the development fee that we credit towards that initial franchise fee, up to $25,000,
towards the Royalty owed under that Franchise Agreement.
b.

The Royalty will be amended as set forth below:
Duration of Effective Royalty
2

1616274877.6

Effective Royalty

