Non-Compliance Fee does not preclude us from seeking to recover damages to the JIMMY
JOHN’S® System, our business opportunities, or the goodwill associated with the Marks due to
your violation, seeking injunctive relief to restrain any subsequent or continuing violation,
formally defaulting you and terminating this Agreement under Section 14.B., or exercising any
of our other rights under this Agreement.
D.

COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS AND GOOD BUSINESS
PRACTICES.

At all times during this Agreement’s term, you must secure and maintain all licenses,
permits, and certificates required for the Restaurant’s operation and operate the Restaurant in full
compliance with all applicable laws, ordinances, and regulations, including government
regulations relating to occupational hazards, health, environment, employment, workers’
compensation and unemployment insurance, and withholding and payment of federal and state
income taxes, social security taxes, and sales and service taxes. Your advertising and promotion
must be completely factual and conform to the highest standards of ethical advertising. The
Restaurant must in all dealings with customers, suppliers, us, and the public adhere to the highest
standards of honesty, integrity, fair dealing, and ethical conduct. You agree not to engage in any
business or advertising practice that could injure our business and the goodwill associated with
the Marks, the Franchise System, and other JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants. You must notify us
in writing immediately if (a) any legal charge is asserted against you or the Restaurant (even if
there is no formal proceeding), (b) any action, suit, or proceeding is commenced against you or
the Restaurant, (c) you receive any report, citation, or notice regarding the Restaurant’s failure to
comply with any licensing, health, cleanliness, or safety standard, or (d) any bankruptcy or
insolvency proceeding or an assignment for the benefit of creditors is commenced by or against
you, your owners, or the Restaurant.
9.

MARKETING.
A.

GRAND OPENING ADVERTISING.

Within the first forty-five (45) to one hundred twenty (120) days of your Restaurant’s
operation, you may elect to execute a grand opening event to promote the Restaurant. If you
choose to do so, we recommend that you spend between Three Thousand Dollars ($3,000) and
Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000) to promote the event. You agree to comply with our guidelines
for any grand opening event you choose to conduct.
B.

ADVERTISING AND DEVELOPMENT FUND.

Recognizing the value of advertising and marketing to the goodwill and public image of
JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants, we maintain an Advertising and Development Fund (the
“Fund”) for the advertising, marketing, and public-relations programs and materials, as well as
the other brand-building and protection activities, we deem appropriate to enhance the JIMMY
JOHN’S® brand. You agree to contribute to the Fund the weekly amounts we prescribe from
time to time, not to exceed four and one-half percent (4½%) of the Restaurant’s Gross Sales,
payable at the same time and in the same manner as the Royalty. JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants
31
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

