8.

BRAND STANDARDS.
A.

COMPLIANCE WITH BRAND STANDARDS.

You acknowledge and agree that operating and maintaining the Restaurant according to
Brand Standards are essential to preserve the goodwill of the Marks and all JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurants. Therefore, you agree at all times to operate and maintain the RESTAURANT
according to all Jimmy John’s Brand Standards, as we periodically issue, modify, and
supplement them, even if you believe a Brand Standard, as originally issued or subsequently
modified, is not in the Franchise System’s or the Restaurant’s best interests. Although we retain
the right to establish and periodically modify Brand Standards that you have agreed to maintain,
you retain the right to control, and responsibility for, the Restaurant’s management and operation
and implementing and maintaining Brand Standards at the Restaurant.
Brand Standards may regulate any one or more of the following:
(1)
design, layout, decor, appearance, and lighting of the Restaurant; periodic
maintenance, cleaning, and sanitation; periodic remodeling and painting; replacing
obsolete, damaged, stained, or worn leasehold improvements and Operating Assets; and
using interior and exterior signs, emblems, lettering, and logos.
(If at any time the appearance or condition of the Premises, Restaurant, or
Operating Assets does not meet Jimmy John’s Brand Standards, we will notify you and
identify the action you must take to correct the deficiency. If you fail to correct the
deficiency within thirty (30) days after our notice, we may enter the Premises and
Restaurant and take the required action on your behalf, in which case you agree to pay
immediately our then-current per-day charge plus all related costs and expenses we incur
to correct the deficiency. The costs you incur for remodeling, painting, and replacing
obsolete or worn-out leasehold improvements and Operating Assets according to Jimmy
John’s Brand Standards are (to the extent they are capital expenditures) included in the
amounts we may require you to spend in Subsection 8.B. below (although
Subsection 8.B. excepts certain items and the timing of certain capital expenditures from
the spending limitations identified in Subsection 8.B. below);
(2)
types, models, and brands of required Operating Assets, Trade Secret
Food Products, Branded Products, Permitted Brands, and supplies and minimum
standards and specifications you must satisfy;
(3)
required and/or authorized Menu Items, recipes, food-handling and
preparation procedures, Trade Secret Food Products, Branded Products, and Permitted
Brands; unauthorized and prohibited food products, beverages, and services; purchase,
storage, cooking, preparation, handling, and packaging procedures and techniques for
Menu Items, Trade Secret Food Products, Branded Products, and Permitted Brands; and
inventory requirements for Trade Secret Food Products, Branded Products, Permitted
Brands, and other products and supplies so that the Restaurant may operate at full
capacity. We always have the right to approve or disapprove in advance all items and
26
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

