F.
We and you are signing this Amendment because we have committed, upon the
satisfaction of certain conditions, to modify certain requirements under the Franchise Agreement to
reflect incentives we currently offer or previously offered.
AGREEMENT
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained herein and in the
Franchise Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of
which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:
1.
Application of Amendment. We and you are signing this Amendment because we and
you are signing or amending the Franchise Agreement on or before March 31, 2026, and the Restaurant
may be eligible for one or more incentives. In addition to any conditions listed below, you must meet the
following requirements in order for any incentive to apply to the Restaurant: (a) when you open the
Restaurant, you and your affiliates are in substantial compliance with the Franchise Agreement and each
other agreement between us and you or your affiliates, including, if applicable, the DRA; (b) you build
and/or remodel the Restaurant in the design, to the specifications, and at the location approved by us in
compliance with the Franchise Agreement (including Sections 2.A and 5.C of the Franchise Agreement);
and (c) you provide to us a report, in the format and containing the information that we reasonably
specify, identifying the amounts that you spend in various categories relating to the development and
opening of the Restaurant in compliance with the Franchise Agreement (including Section 2.F of the
Franchise Agreement) (collectively, the “Incentive Eligibility Requirements”). If you fail to satisfy any
of the conditions listed in (a) through (c) above (or any other conditions for the applicable incentives),
the incentive programs will not apply to the Restaurant.
2.
Initial Franchise Fee. Notwithstanding anything to this contrary in the Franchise
Agreement, we will credit you all or a portion of the initial franchise fee towards your Royalty if you
qualify for the incentive set forth below:
a. New Restaurant Opening Incentive. [Note: Only include if the franchisee qualifies for
the NRO Incentive or Deeper NRO Incentive] Under our “New Restaurant Opening” or
“NRO” incentive program, if you open and begin operating the Restaurant outside the
Select Developing Territory (defined below) in compliance with the Franchise
Agreement, and, if applicable, the DRA, on or before the required opening date set forth
therein (the “Opening Deadline”), and you meet the Incentive Eligibility Requirements,
then we agree to credit an amount equal to the initial franchise fee you paid under the
Franchise Agreement plus the portion of the development fee that we credit towards that
initial franchise fee, up to $25,000, towards the Royalties owed under the Franchise
Agreement. The “Select Developing Territory” includes California, Connecticut,
Delaware, Massachusetts, Maine, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Oregon,
Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont and Washington.
b. Select Developing Markets Incentive. [Note: Only include if the franchisee qualifies for
the Select Developing Markets Incentive or Deeper SDM Incentive] Under our “Select
Developing Markets” or “SDM” incentive program, if you open and begin operating the
Restaurant within the Select Developing Territory (defined below) in accordance with
the Franchise Agreement, and, if applicable, the DRA, on or before the required opening
date set forth therein (the “Opening Deadline”), and you meet the Incentive Eligibility
Requirements, then we agree to credit an amount equal to the initial franchise fee you
paid under the Franchise Agreement plus the portion of the development fee that we
credit towards that initial franchise fee, up to $25,000, towards the Royalties owed under
2
1616274876.7

