Section in Franchise
or Other Agreement

Provision

r.

Non-competition covenants
after the franchise is
terminated or expires

15.D. of Franchise
Agreement

s.

Modification of the
agreement
Integration/merger clause

17.I. of Franchise
Agreement
17.K. of Franchise
Agreement

None

v.

Dispute resolution by
arbitration or mediation
Choice of forum

w.

Choice of law

t.

u.

17.G. of Franchise
Agreement
17.F of Franchise
Agreement
ITEM 18

Summary
or rolled sandwiches or any business granting
franchises or licenses to others to operate such
a business).
No direct or indirect ownership interest in, or
performing services for, competing business for
2 years at Restaurant’s premises, within 3 miles
of premises, within 3 miles of any other
JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant existing as of
day you signed Franchise Agreement, or within
one mile of any other JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurant existing or under construction as of
date Franchise Agreement expires or is
terminated (same restrictions apply after
transfer).
No modifications generally, but we may change
Confidential Operations and Brand Standards.
Only the terms of the Franchise Agreement are
binding (subject to state law). Any
representations or promises outside of the
disclosure document and Franchise Agreement
may not be enforceable.
Not applicable
Must be in courts closest to our then-current
principal business address (currently Atlanta,
Georgia) (subject to state franchise law).
Georgia law governs (subject to state franchise
law).

PUBLIC FIGURES

We do not use any public figure to promote our franchise.
ITEM 19

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS

The FTC’s Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to provide information about the actual or potential
financial performance of its franchised and/or franchisor-owned outlets, if there is a reasonable basis for
the information, and if the information is included in the disclosure document. Financial performance
information that differs from that included in Item 19 may be given only if: (1) a franchisor provides the
actual records of an existing outlet you are considering buying; or (2) a franchisor supplements the
information provided in this Item 19, for example, by providing information about possible performance at
a particular location or under particular circumstances.
These financial performance representations provide actual, historical “AUVs,” or average “Unit
Volumes,” for specific groups of franchised Jimmy John’s Restaurants. “Unit Volume” has the same
meaning as Gross Sales, which we define in the note below. This Item 19 includes financial information
for our 2024 fiscal year (which we will call simply “2024” in this Item 19), which is the period from January
1, 2024 until December 29, 2024. Indeed, federal and state franchise laws permit us to include in Item 19
either (a) a historical financial performance representation about the franchise system’s existing outlets or
a subset of those outlets, or (b) a forecast of the prospective franchisee’s future financial performance. The

71
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

