relocation and re-open and resume operations of the Restaurant on or before the earlier of the date that is
six (6) months after the date the Restaurant closes for relocation or December 31 of the calendar year in
which the Restaurant closed for relocation, and (d) you satisfy the Incentive Eligibility Criteria, then the
Royalty will be amended as set forth below:
Duration of Effective Royalty

Effective Royalty

Re-Opening through Year 1
Year 2
Year 3
Year 4 through remainder of the term

2%
3%
4%
6%

1. Retrofit Multi-Brand Incentive. [Include for new Jimmy John’s Restaurant at a
Multi-Brand Location with an existing Dunkin’ Restaurant] Under the “Retrofit Multi-Brand Incentive”
program, if (a) you sign or have signed the Franchise Agreement on or before March 31, 2026, and we
have not issued a site package approval for the Restaurant on or before March 27, 2025; (b) you open
and begin operating the Restaurant at the Multi-Brand Location in accordance with the Franchise
Agreement on or before the earlier of the Required Opening Date under the Franchise Agreement or
December 31, 2026; (c) you satisfy the Incentive Eligibility Requirements; (d) you own and currently
operate the Other Restaurant at the Multi-Brand Location; (e) between January 1, 2025 and March 31,
2026, you or your affiliate did not remove or extract a Baskin-Robbins® restaurant from the Multi-Brand
Location (except in connection with the natural expiration of the Baskin-Robbins franchise agreement);
and (f) as of the date the Restaurant opens, you are operating the Other Restaurant in compliance with the
Other Franchise Agreement, then we will (or will cause our parent and/or affiliate to) pay you $25,000
after the Restaurant opens.
2. New Multi-Brand Incentive. [Include for new JJ/Dunkin’ Multi-Brand Locations only]
Under the “New Multi-Brand Incentive” program, if (a) you sign or have signed the Franchise Agreement
and the Other Franchise Agreement on or before March 31, 2026, and we have not issued a site package
approval for the Restaurant on or before March 27, 2025, (b) you open and begin operating the
Restaurant and the Other Restaurant at the Multi-Brand Location in accordance with the Franchise
Agreement and Other Franchise Agreement, respectively, on or before the earlier of the Required
Opening Date under the Franchise Agreement or December 31, 2027; and (c) you satisfy the Incentive
Eligibility Requirements with respect to each of the Restaurant and the Other Restaurant (as if the Other
Restaurant, the Other Franchisor, and the Other Franchise Agreement are referenced in the definition of
Incentive Eligibility Requirements), then we will (or will cause our parent and/or affiliate to) pay you
after the opening of the Restaurant and the Other Restaurant (x) $50,000, if the Restaurant is located
outside of California; or (y) $75,000, if the Restaurant is located in California.
3. Miscellaneous. The Background is incorporated into this Amendment by this reference. This
Amendment is an amendment to, and forms a part of, the Franchise Agreement. If there is an
inconsistency between this Amendment and the Franchise Agreement, the terms of this Amendment shall
control. This Amendment, together with the Franchise Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement
among the Parties hereto, and there are no other oral or written representations, understandings or
agreements among them, relating to the subject matter of this Amendment. Except as specifically
provided in this Amendment, all of the terms, conditions and provisions of the Franchise Agreement will
remain in full force and effect as originally written and signed.
Signature Page to Follow
5
1616274876.7

