(3)
remove samples of any products and supplies (including Trade Secret
Food Products, Branded Products, and Permitted Brands);
(4)

interview and interact with the Restaurant’s managers and customers;

(5)
inspect and copy any books, records, and documents relating to any aspect
of the Restaurant’s operation that we maintain the authority to control and/or remedy; and
(6)
access all electronic records on your Computer System to the extent
necessary to ensure compliance with this Agreement and all Brand Standards (excluding
records relating to labor relations and employment practices, as you control exclusively
labor relations and employment practices for Restaurant employees).
You agree to cooperate with us and our agents and representatives in any such activities. We may
hire outside consultants and vendors to perform certain types of audits. If we exercise any of
these rights, we will not interfere unreasonably with the Restaurant’s operation. You agree to
present to your customers the evaluation forms we periodically prescribe and to participate
and/or request your customers to participate in any surveys performed by or for us.
B.

OUR RIGHT TO AUDIT.

We may at any time during your business hours or whenever your Operations Partner or
employees are at the Premises, and without prior notice to you, examine your and the
Restaurant’s business, bookkeeping, and accounting records, sales and income tax records and
returns, and other records (other than those records that we have no authority to control and/or
remedy, such as Restaurant employee records, as you control exclusively labor relations and
employment practices for Restaurant employees). You agree to cooperate fully with our
representatives and independent accountants in any examination. If any examination discloses
an understatement of the Restaurant’s Gross Sales, you agree to pay us, within fifteen (15) days
after receiving the examination report, the Royalty and Fund contributions due on the amount of
the understatement, plus our late fee and interest on the understated amounts from the date
originally due until the date of payment. Furthermore, if an on-site examination is necessary due
to your failure to furnish reports, supporting records, or other information as required, or to
furnish these items on a timely basis, or if our examination reveals a Royalty or Fund
contribution understatement exceeding three percent (3%) of the amount you actually reported to
us for the period examined, you agree to reimburse us for the costs of the examination, including,
without limitation, the charges of attorneys and independent accountants and the travel expenses,
room and board, and compensation of our employees. These remedies are in addition to our other
remedies and rights under this Agreement and applicable law.
12.

TRANSFER.
A.

BY US.

You acknowledge that we maintain a staff to manage and operate the Franchise System,
and staff members can change as employees come and go. You represent that you have not
39
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

