trade credit, or other credit transactions, and also includes any implied or imputed Gross Sales
from business interruption insurance and all amounts you receive (whether or not from your
landlord) in connection with any relocation of the Restaurant from, or closure of the Restaurant
at, the Premises, but (1) excludes all federal, state, or municipal sales, use, or service taxes
collected from customers if paid to the appropriate taxing authority, (2) excludes revenue you
derive from selling or issuing JIMMY JOHN’S® gift cards (although revenue you derive from
selling products and services to customers who use those cards for payment is included in Gross
Sales), and (3) is reduced by the amount of any documented refunds, credits, and discounts the
Restaurant in good faith gives to customers, as well as the redemption of a reward or similar
credit as part of an approved loyalty program (if those amounts originally were included in
calculating Gross Sales).
D.

LATE FEES AND INTEREST.

You agree to pay us a late fee for each required payment not made on or before its
original due date and for each payment not honored by your financial institution. (You also must
reimburse our bank charges for your dishonored payments.) This late fee will equal ten percent
(10%) of the original amount due but not paid on time. The late fee is not interest or a penalty
but compensates us for increased administrative and management costs due to your late payment.
In addition, all amounts you owe us for any reason, if more than seven (7) days late, will bear
interest accruing as of their original due date at one and one-half percent (1.5%) per month or the
highest commercial contract interest rate the law allows, whichever is less. We may debit your
bank account automatically for late fees and interest. You acknowledge that this Subsection is
not our agreement to accept any payments after they are due or our commitment to extend credit
to, or otherwise finance your operation of, the Restaurant.
E.

APPLICATION OF PAYMENTS.

Despite any designation you make, we may apply any of your payments to any of your
past due indebtedness to us or our affiliates. We may set off any amounts you or your owners
owe us or our affiliates against any amounts we or our affiliates owe you or your owners. You
may not withhold payment of any amounts you owe us or our affiliates due to our alleged
nonperformance of any of our obligations under this Agreement.
F.

METHOD OF PAYMENT.

Before the Restaurant opens, you agree to sign and deliver to us the documents we
require to authorize us to debit your business checking account automatically for the Royalty,
Fund contributions (defined below), and other amounts due under this Agreement and for your
purchases of Trade Secret Food Products, Branded Products, Permitted Brands, and other items
from us, our affiliates, or our designated or approved suppliers (the “Electronic Depository
Transfer Account” or “EDTA”). We may auto-debit all fees and payments you owe us, our
affiliates, or any designated or approved suppliers of Operating Assets, Trade Secret Food
Products, Branded Products, Permitted Brands, and other items and services related to the
Restaurant’s operations. We will debit the EDTA for these amounts on their due dates or before
then if your actions indicate to us that your required payments might not be made when due.
13
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

