managers that you have designated to become certified must pass the operations-proficiency test and receive
management certification.
If one of your proposed on-site certified managers has been certified in the past but has not worked
and actively managed shifts at a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant for at least the past 6 months, even though
he or she might have done so before then, that manager no longer is considered to be certified and, to be recertified, must qualify for and re-attend and complete to our satisfaction the training program for which we
in our sole discretion deem the manager to be qualified (which may be the Cornerstone Learning
Management System re-certification curriculum or the 1-week or 3-week training program). All
employee/trainees working in one of your existing JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants must, before they will
be allowed to attend training to become a certified manager, successfully complete all team member and
manager curriculum provided by us. The trainees must complete a pre-enrollment test and/or preenrollment electronic courses to our satisfaction.
If your Operations Partner cannot complete initial training or the apprenticeship program to our
satisfaction, we may terminate the Franchise Agreement, in which case we will keep one-half of the initial
franchise fee. We will return the other one-half of the initial franchise fee if you sign our required form of
release of claims. (Franchise Agreement, Sections 4.A. and B.)
Your Operations Partner may request additional or repeat training at the end of the initial training
and apprenticeship programs, for which you must pay then-applicable charges, if he or she does not feel
sufficiently trained in the operation of a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant. We and you will jointly determine
the duration of this additional training. However, if your Operations Partner completes to our satisfaction
the initial training and apprenticeship programs, and does not expressly inform us at the end of those
programs that he or she does not feel sufficiently trained in the operation of a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant,
then the Operations Partner will be deemed to have been trained sufficiently to operate a JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurant.
When the Restaurant is ready to open for business, we will, at our own cost, send a representative
to the Restaurant to assist during its initial opening period. You will receive 24 hours of the representative’s
time if the Restaurant is your first JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant, 16 hours of the representative’s time if
the Restaurant is your second JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant, and 8 hours of the representative’s time if the
Restaurant is your third or subsequent JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant.
If you request (and we agree to provide), or we believe you need, additional guidance or support
during this opening phase, excluding training relating to labor relations and employment practices, you
agree to pay the then-applicable charges, including the daily charges and travel and living expenses of our
or our representative’s personnel.
Ongoing Training
We may require your Operations Partner and/or previously trained and experienced managers to
attend and complete to our satisfaction any training courses we periodically choose to provide during the
franchise term, at the times and locations we designate. We may charge reasonable registration or similar
fees for these courses. However, we will not require attendance at more than 2 such courses, or for more
than a total of 10 business days, during a calendar year. Besides attending these courses, at our request (in
our sole discretion) you agree to attend an annual meeting of all JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant franchisees
at a location we designate. Attendance will not be required for more than 4 days during any calendar year.
You agree to pay all costs to attend. Currently, we also offer ongoing training through our Cornerstone
Learning Management System.

54
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

