We will not unreasonably withhold or delay our consent to a successor franchise if the
conditions specified in this Section 13 have been satisfied. If applicable, Our Notice will:
(a)
describe the remodeling, expansion, improvements and/or modifications
required to bring the Restaurant into compliance with then applicable Brand Standards
for new JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants; and
(b)
state the actions you must take to correct operating deficiencies leading to
the failure to meet Brand Standards and the time period in which you must correct those
deficiencies.
If we elect not to grant you a successor franchise, Our Notice will describe the general basis for
our decision. If we elect to grant you a successor franchise, your right to acquire a successor
franchise is subject to, and contingent upon, your full compliance with all of the terms and
conditions of this Agreement through the date of its expiration, in addition to your compliance
with the obligations described in Our Notice.
If Our Notice states that you must cure certain deficiencies of the Restaurant or its
operation as a condition to our granting you a successor franchise, we will give you written
notice of our decision not to grant you a successor franchise, based upon your failure to cure
those deficiencies, at least ninety (90) days before this Agreement expires. However, we need not
give you this ninety (90) days’ notice if we decide not to grant you a successor franchise due to
your breach of this Agreement during the ninety (90) day period before it expires. If we fail to
give you:
(a)
notice of deficiencies in the Restaurant, or in your operation of the
Restaurant, within ninety (90) days after we receive your timely election to acquire a
successor franchise (if we elect to grant you a successor franchise under
subparagraphs (2) and (b) above); or
(b)
notice of our decision not to grant you a successor franchise at least ninety
(90) days before this Agreement expires, if this notice is required,
we may unilaterally extend this Agreement’s term for the time period necessary to give you
either reasonable time to correct deficiencies or the ninety (90) days’ notice of our refusal to
grant a successor franchise. If you fail to notify us of your election to acquire a successor
franchise within the prescribed time period, we need not grant you a successor franchise.
C.

AGREEMENTS/RELEASES.

If you satisfy all of the other conditions for a successor franchise, you and your owners
agree to execute the form of franchise agreement and any ancillary agreements we then
customarily use in granting franchises for JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants (modified as necessary
to reflect that it is for a successor franchise), which may contain provisions that differ materially
from any and all of those contained in this Agreement (and will grant no further successor
franchise rights). You and your owners further agree to sign general releases, in a form
satisfactory to us, of any and all claims against us and our owners, affiliates, officers, directors,
50
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

