pay all such advertising, promotional, or marketing funds or allowances directly to the
Cooperative.
(5)
Expenditure of Contributions. Franchisee contributions made directly to
the Cooperative Program will be spent only for advertising and marketing-related
activities in the DMA (including related costs and expenses). We or our designees will
develop advertising plans and programs for expenditure of Cooperative Program funds,
which plans and programs are to be approved by the Cooperative Program’s members in
the following manner.
We or our designees periodically will meet with advertising and similar agencies,
determine and create particular advertising plans and programs for the DMA, set budgets,
and engage in similar planning activities. We or our designees then will present
advertising plans and programs to the JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants and franchisees
covered by the Cooperative Program (the presentation may be in writing, by email, or at a
meeting of which you will be notified). The JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants and
franchisees covered by the Cooperative Program (including us and our affiliates) will
vote to approve or disapprove the advertising plans and programs presented. In order for
the proposed advertising plans and programs to be approved, at least a majority (i.e., in
excess of fifty percent (50%)) of the JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants actually voting or
otherwise responding by the designated date, including by valid proxy and other
authorization (including JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants operated by us and our
affiliates), must vote in their favor. Each such Restaurant will be entitled to one (1) vote
(unless the franchisee’s voting rights have been suspended, as provided in subparagraph
(7) below). Once approved, we or our designees will implement the advertising plans and
programs using Cooperative Program funds. However, if no franchisee responds, no
formal vote is required, and we or our designees alone may decide to implement the
proposed advertising plans and programs. We or our designees also may cast the deciding
vote if there is a tie among the JIMMY JOHN’S Restaurants eligible to vote (whether or
not we or our affiliates own Restaurants covered by the Cooperative Program). We and/or
our designees may use all advertising and promotional materials developed, prepared, or
used by or for the benefit of the Cooperative Program for any other purposes we and they
deem appropriate, including for the activities of other cooperative programs.
(6)
Termination of Cooperative Program/Your Participation Rights. We
may terminate the Cooperative Program whenever we deem best. You will cease being a
member of the Cooperative Program if you no longer own JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurants located in the DMA or have been expelled. Under such circumstances, your
voting and other membership rights in the Cooperative Program with respect to the
Restaurant will terminate automatically on the day this Agreement terminates or expires
or on the day you are expelled. However, you still will be obligated and responsible for
all contributions that accrued before the date of termination, expiration, or expulsion.
(7)
Contribution Delinquencies and Operating Defaults. The Cooperative
Program may adopt rules and regulations regarding the treatment of delinquencies. You
agree to abide by them, including paying interest and late-payment fees. We may suspend
36
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

