We and you will determine the number of Restaurants you must develop, and the dates by which
you must develop them, before signing the Development Rights Agreement. Except as we describe below
for our incentive programs, no portion of the development fee is refundable under any circumstances.
Design Fees
At your request, our affiliate may develop a preliminary site layout (“PSL”) or a preliminary kitchen
layout (“PKL”) for your Restaurant. If our affiliate prepares a PSL and/or PKL for the Restaurant you must
pay our affiliate the then-current Kitchen Layout Design Fees and/or Site Design Fees as applicable.
Currently, the Site Design Fee is $1,200 for a PSL for a new or remodeling Restaurant and the Kitchen
Layout Design Fee is $1,200 for a PKL for a new Restaurant and $750 for a PKL for a remodeling
Restaurant. Our affiliates only offer PSL services to Restaurants with drive-thrus.
Training
Our system provides initial management training for 2 people at no cost (3 people if you are a firsttime franchisee developing your first JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant). However, if your Operations Partner
or on-site managers that you have designated to become certified cancel participation in any training class
or apprenticeship program that is part of this “no cost” initial training, you must pay us a cancellation fee.
The cancellation fee is one-half of the then-applicable training fee per person (depending on which class or
program is involved) if they cancel more than 2 weeks before the class or program is scheduled to begin
(this per-person cancellation fee is $750 as of this disclosure document’s issuance date). The cancellation
fee is 100% of the then-applicable training fee per person (depending on which class or program is involved)
if they cancel 2 weeks or less before the class or program is scheduled to begin (this per-person cancellation
fee is $1,500 as of this disclosure document’s issuance date).
The cost for each additional trainee attending initial management training (after the first 2 people)
is currently $1,500. However, if you are a first-time franchisee opening your first JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurant, this additional training fee is not charged for your third trainee for that first Restaurant. The
cost for the District Manager training program is currently $2,000.
If your Operations Partner or on-site managers that you have designated to become certified cancel
participation in any management training class or apprenticeship program for which they pre-register and
pay a training fee, the training fee you paid will not be refunded or reimbursed. If participation is cancelled
more than 2 weeks before the class or program is scheduled to begin, one-half of the training fee will be
applied as a credit towards a future training class or program. However, if participation is cancelled 2
weeks or less before the class or program is scheduled to begin, you will receive no credit at all. Any credits
that you might receive are transferable among your affiliates and any other JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants
that you might own, but are not transferable to other franchisees under any circumstances.
No costs are reimbursed if a training attendee is expelled (no matter the reason) from the training
program. An expelled trainee must wait at least 6 months before he or she may reapply to attend a training
class (although re-admittance is not guaranteed and is in our judgment). If a previously expelled trainee is
allowed to attend training, the training fee currently is $2,000.
Incentives
New Restaurant Opening Incentive. You may qualify for the “New Restaurant Opening” or “NRO”
incentive program if you sign a Franchise Agreement on or before March 31, 2026 to develop and operate
a Jimmy John’s® Restaurant outside the Select Developing Territory. You may also qualify for the NRO
incentive program if you sign a new Development Rights Agreement on or before March 31, 2026, to
develop 1 to 4 Jimmy John’s® Restaurants, each located outside the Select Developing Territory. You may

22
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

