days each week. You may count your Operations Partner as a certified manager who contributes
to the shift coverage outlined above.
If this is your second JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant, your Operations Partner must
continue to work, at a minimum, five (5) half shifts each week. The hours that comprise each
half shift must continue to be worked consecutively, and each half shift still must be worked on
different days, but the five (5) half shifts may be allocated over the two Restaurants in any
combination you choose.
If this is your second or subsequent JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant, your fully trained
Operations Partner need not attend the initial training or apprenticeship programs. If you have
acquired the Restaurant via a transfer from another franchisee, you must comply with the same
minimum managerial requirements specified above.
All certified managers present at the Restaurant, and all employees in customer contact
positions at the Restaurant, must be able to speak, read, write, and understand the English
language fluently so they can, as applicable, pass the portions of our training program (which is
conducted in English) related to their positions and communicate clearly with customers,
suppliers, and other third parties.
C.

GENERAL RECOMMENDATIONS.

We may advise you from time to time regarding the manner in which, based on your
reports or our evaluations and inspections, operations at the Restaurant promote and enhance the
quality of the JIMMY JOHN’S® brand. We may provide recommendations to you with respect
to:
(1)
standards, specifications, and operating procedures and methods that
JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants use;
(2)
purchasing required and authorized Operating Assets, Trade Secret Food
Products, Branded Products, Permitted Brands, and other items and arranging for their
distribution to you;
(3)
(4)
procedures.

advertising and marketing materials and programs; and
administrative,

bookkeeping,

accounting,

and

inventory

control

We may provide recommendations to you in our confidential operations manual (“Confidential
Operations Manual”) and other manuals; in bulletins or other written materials; by electronic
media; by telephone consultation; and/or at our office or the Restaurant. If you request (and we
agree to provide), or we believe you need, additional or special guidance or support, excluding
aspects relating to labor relations and employment practices, as those are solely your
responsibility as the employer, you agree to pay our then applicable charges, including the daily
training charges and travel and living expenses of our designated personnel. “Electronic media”
means the Internet, the World Wide Web, or any other similar proprietary or common carrier
19
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

