timeframe we specify, in addition to the amounts owed under Subsection 15.A. above, liquidated
damages equal to the product of either thirty six (36) or the number of months then remaining in
this Agreement’s term as of the effective date of termination, whichever is shorter, multiplied by
the average monthly Royalties that you (or the person or entity who previously operated the
Restaurant) owed us during the twelve (12) full months before the month of termination (which
may be the month during which you ceased operations of the Restaurant in breach of this
Agreement without our prior written consent) (or for such lesser number of full months that the
Restaurant has been open and operating on a continuous basis, whether under this Agreement or
a predecessor franchise agreement, if less than twelve (12) months). We, you, and each of your
owners acknowledge and agree that it would be impracticable to determine precisely the
damages we will incur as a result of this Agreement’s termination and the loss of Royalty
payments due to, among other things, the complications of determining how much the Royalty
payments would have grown over what would have been the remaining term of this Agreement
and the expenses we would save from not having to provide services to you. We, you, and each
of your owners consider this liquidated damages provision to be a reasonable, good faith
pre-estimate of those damages. This liquidated damages provision covers only our damages from
the loss of the Royalty and is not a penalty. It does not cover any other damages to which we
might be entitled as a result of your actions or inaction. You and each of your owners agree that
this liquidated damages provision does not give us an adequate remedy at law for any default
under, or for the enforcement of, any provision of this Agreement other than the Royalty section.
G.

CONTINUING OBLIGATIONS.

All of our and your (and your owners’) obligations that expressly or by their nature
survive this Agreement’s expiration or termination will continue in full force and effect
subsequent to and notwithstanding its expiration or termination and until they are satisfied in full
or by their nature expire.
16.

RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES/INDEMNIFICATION.
A.

INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS.

You and we understand and agree that this Agreement does not create a fiduciary
relationship between you and us (or any affiliate of ours), that you and we (and our affiliates) are
and will be independent contractors, and that nothing in this Agreement is intended to make
either you or us (or our affiliates) a general or special agent, joint venturer, partner, or employee
of the other for any purpose. You agree to identify yourself conspicuously in all dealings with
customers, suppliers, public officials, Restaurant personnel, and others as the Restaurant’s
independent owner, operator, and manager under a franchise we have granted and to place
notices of independent ownership on the forms, business cards, stationery, advertising, or other
materials, as we require from time to time. Neither we nor our affiliates will exercise direct or
indirect control over the working conditions of Restaurant personnel except to the extent such
indirect control is related to our legitimate interest in protecting the quality of products, service,
or the JIMMY JOHN’S® brand. Neither we nor our affiliates share or codetermine the terms and
conditions of employment of Restaurant employees or affect matters relating to the employment
relationship between you and Restaurant employees, such as employee selection, training,
60
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

