You also must send us for our written acceptance, which we will not unreasonably withhold,
any lease or sublease that will govern your occupancy and lawful possession of each Restaurant site
before you sign it. You may not sign any lease or sublease that we have not accepted in writing. We
may (but have no obligation to) guide or assist you with the leasing process but will not negotiate the
lease or sublease for you or provide any legal advice.
If we accept the proposed site but you (or your Approved Affiliate) have not yet signed a
franchise agreement for that Restaurant, you agree, within the time period we specify (but no later
than the date specified in the Schedule), to sign (or have your Approved Affiliate sign) a separate
franchise agreement (and related documents) for that Restaurant and to pay us the remaining portion
of the initial franchise fee due. If you (or your Approved Affiliate) fail to do so, or cannot obtain
lawful possession of the proposed site, we may withdraw our acceptance of the proposed site. After
you and your owners (or your Approved Affiliate and its owners) sign the then-current form of
franchise agreement and related documents (including a personal guaranty), its terms and conditions
will control your construction, development, and operation of the Jimmy John’s® Restaurant (except
that the required opening date is governed exclusively by the Schedule in this Agreement, as
provided in Section 3 above).
In addition to our rights with respect to proposed Restaurant sites, we may delay the
development and/or opening of additional Jimmy John’s® Restaurants within the Territory for the
time period we deem best if we believe in our sole judgment, when you submit your application for
another Restaurant, or after you (or your Approved Affiliate) have developed and constructed but not
yet opened a particular Restaurant, that you (or your Approved Affiliate) are not yet operationally,
managerially, or otherwise prepared (no matter the reason) to develop, open, and/or operate the
additional Jimmy John’s® Restaurant in full compliance with our standards and specifications. We
may delay additional development and/or a Restaurant’s opening for the time period we deem best as
long as the delay will not in our reasonable opinion cause you to breach your development
obligations under the Schedule (unless we are willing to extend the Schedule proportionately to
account for the delay).
7.
Term. This Agreement’s term begins on the date we sign it and, unless sooner terminated,
will expire on the earlier date between (a) the final Jimmy John’s® Restaurant to be developed under
the Schedule has opened (or, if earlier, must have opened), or (b) <insert date>.
8.
Termination. We may at any time terminate this Agreement and your right under this
Agreement to develop Jimmy John’s® Restaurants within the Territory, such termination to be
effective upon our delivery to you of written notice of termination:
(a)
if you fail to satisfy either your development obligations under the Schedule or any
other obligation under this Agreement, which defaults you have no right to cure; or
(b)
if the Existing Franchise Agreement is terminated by us in compliance with its terms
or by you for any (or no) reason; or

5
JJF DRA (March 2025)
1621919240.2

