While we may, as noted above, automatically debit your account for amounts due to designated
or approved suppliers of Operating Assets, Trade Secret Food Products, Branded Products,
Permitted Brands, and other items and services related to the Restaurant’s operations, we
generally intend to do so only if you fail to pay the suppliers as and when required. Funds must
be available in the EDTA to cover our withdrawals, and you must report your Gross Sales as we
require.
If you fail to report the Restaurant’s Gross Sales, we may debit your EDTA for one
hundred twenty percent (120%) of the last Royalty and Fund contribution we debited (together
with the late fee noted in Subsection 3.D. above). If the amounts we debit from your EDTA are
less than the amounts you actually owe us (once we have determined the Restaurant’s actual
Gross Sales), we will debit your EDTA for the balance on the day we specify. If the amounts we
debit exceed the amounts you actually owe us, we will credit the excess against the amounts due
the following week.
We may require you to pay any amounts due to us or our affiliates under this Agreement
(or otherwise) other than by automatic debit (e.g., by check) whenever we deem appropriate, and
you agree to comply with our payment instructions.
4.

TRAINING AND CERTIFIED-MANAGER SHIFT COVERAGE.
A.

TRAINING.

The training and related requirements, including certified-manager-shift-coverage
requirements (“Training Requirements”), described in this Section 4.A. are the Training
Requirements in effect as of the date on which we first issued this version of Franchise
Agreement. If we change the Training Requirements for the Franchise System any time after that
issuance date, you agree to comply with the updated Training Requirements in connection with
your Restaurant’s operation despite the provisions currently described in this Section 4.A.
(1)
Initial Training and Assistance. Before the Restaurant opens for
business, your Operations Partner and on-site managers that you have designated to
become certified will be trained on the material aspects of operating a JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurant, excluding aspects relating to labor relations and employment practices. Three
(3) weeks of training (although training may be longer or shorter depending on the
attendees’ experience and needs) will be provided at a designated training facility of our
choice and/or at an operating JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant. Your Operations Partner
also must successfully complete an apprenticeship program, which is not less than four
(4) weeks long.
Your Operations Partner and on-site managers that you have designated to
become certified must complete to our satisfaction the three (3) week initial training
program and, as applicable, the apprenticeship program in order to become certified.
Your Operations Partner and other on-site managers that you have designated to become
certified will not be deemed to be certified unless they complete to our satisfaction initial
training and, as applicable, the apprenticeship program. If you are a Passive Investment
14
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

