We will prepare an annual, unaudited statement of Fund collections and expenses and
give you a copy of the statement upon written request. We may (but are not required to) have the
Fund audited, at the Fund’s expense, by an independent certified public accountant we select.
We may incorporate the Fund or operate it through a separate entity whenever we deem
appropriate. The successor entity will have all of the rights and duties specified in this
Subsection.
The Fund’s principal purposes are to maximize recognition of the Marks, enhance system
protection of the Marks, and increase patronage of JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants. Although we
will try to use the Fund to develop advertising and marketing materials and programs, and to
place advertising and marketing, to benefit all JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants, we need not
ensure that Fund expenditures in or affecting any geographic area are proportionate or equivalent
to Fund contributions by JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants operating in that geographic area or that
any JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant benefits from the development of advertising and marketing
materials, or the placement of advertising and marketing, directly or in proportion to its Fund
contributions. The Fund will not be used principally to develop materials and programs to solicit
franchisees. However, media, materials, and programs (including the Franchise System Website)
prepared using Fund contributions may describe our franchise program, reference the availability
of franchises and related information, and process franchise leads.
We have the right, but no obligation, at the Fund’s expense, to use collection agents and
institute legal proceedings to collect Fund contributions. We also may forgive, waive, settle, and
compromise all claims by or against the Fund. Except as expressly provided in this Subsection,
we assume no direct or indirect liability or obligation to you for collecting amounts due to,
maintaining, directing, or administering the Fund.
We may at any time defer or reduce contributions of a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant
franchisee and, upon thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to you, reduce or suspend Fund
contributions and operations for one or more periods of any length and terminate (and, if
terminated, reinstate) the Fund. If we terminate the Fund, we will at our option spend all
remaining Fund monies on permitted activities or distribute all unspent monies to our
franchisees, and to us and our affiliates, in proportion to their, and our, respective Fund
contributions during the preceding twelve (12) month period.
C.

BY YOU.

In addition to both your Fund contribution obligations in Subsection 9.B. above and your
Cooperative Program contribution obligations in Subsection 9.D. below, you agree to spend,
beginning one hundred twenty (120) days after you open the Restaurant for business, at least
one-half percent (0.5%) of the Restaurant’s weekly Gross Sales to advertise and promote your
Restaurant locally (including sampling and special promotions). At our request, you agree to
send us within thirty (30) days after the end of each month, in the manner we prescribe, an
accounting of your expenditures for local advertising and promotion during the preceding month
with receipts showing those expenditures. We may designate during the Franchise term which

33
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

