Your Restaurant will offer products and services to the general public throughout the year and
compete with other sandwich shop chains (local, regional, and national), restaurants, and food service
businesses. The market for JIMMY JOHN’S® products and services generally is developed and very
competitive. Despite this competition, we believe JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants appeal to consumers
because of our system’s product and service quality.
Depending on your location, you might have the opportunity to buy an existing JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurant from Jimmy John’s Enterprises, LLC (“JJE”), an affiliate which shares our principal business
address (if JJE chooses to sell any of its Restaurants). In that case, you will purchase the Restaurant’s assets
from JJE at a price to be negotiated based on the value of the Restaurant’s assets and related goodwill. You
and JJE will sign an asset purchase agreement and related materials to document that asset purchase. You
will sign a Franchise Agreement with us in connection with that asset purchase and then operate the
Restaurant as a franchise. JJE has operated at least one JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant since 1983. JJE has
not offered franchises in any line of business.
Multi-Brand Locations
We have an arrangement with Arby’s Franchisor, LLC, Buffalo Wild Wings International, Inc.,
Dunkin’ Donuts Franchising LLC, Baskin-Robbins Franchising LLC, and Sonic Franchising LLC (each an
“Other Franchisor”) whereby we, together with the applicable Other Franchisor(s), may offer certain
qualified prospects the right to develop and operate a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant at the same location
as, and in combination with, an Arby’s® restaurant, Buffalo Wild Wings® sports bar, BWW-GO®
restaurant, Dunkin’® restaurant, Baskin-Robbins® restaurant, and/or Sonic® restaurant (collectively, the
“Other Restaurants” and together with a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant, the “Multi-Brand Location”).
Each Multi-Brand Location will offer and sell a range of products authorized to be sold under the
system and Marks, and the franchise system and trademarks of the Other Franchisor(s). The JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurant and Other Restaurant(s) operating from the Multi-Brand Location may require
separate point of sale systems, employees, uniforms, branding, and more for each restaurant.
To operate a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you (and/or your affiliate)
must (i) enter into a Franchise Agreement and the Multi-Brand Addendum attached to this disclosure
document as Exhibit B-3 (the “Multi-Brand Addendum” or “MBA”) with us for the operation of a JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurant, and (ii) enter into a franchise and multi-brand addendum for the applicable Other
Restaurant(s) with each applicable Other Franchisor for the operation of the Other Restaurant (collectively,
each an “Other Franchise Agreement”). We will not grant you the right to operate a JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location unless each applicable Other Franchisor grants you the right to
operate the Other Restaurant and permits that Other Restaurant to be operated at a Multi-Brand Location.
The terms of each Other Franchisor’s franchise offering, franchise agreement, and related agreements are
disclosed in the Other Franchisor’s franchise disclosure document, which you must obtain from that Other
Franchisor.
Unless otherwise noted, the disclosures in this disclosure document apply to JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurants that are operated at Multi-Brand Locations.
Laws, Rule and Regulations
You will have to comply with all federal, state and local laws, including minimum wage laws,
health and sanitation laws, marketing and anti-solicitation practices (including the Telephone Consumer
Protection Act, CAN-SPAM Act, the Telemarketing Sales Rule), and other laws such as menu labeling
laws that apply to restaurants in general. You also will have to comply with all other federal, state and local

3
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

