JIMMY JOHN’S FRANCHISOR SPV, LLC
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Intangible Assets, net
Indefinite-lived Intangibles
The Company reviews its indefinite-lived intangible asset for impairment at least annually, as of the first day of the fiscal
fourth quarter, and more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the indefinitelived intangible asset may not be recoverable. The Company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether the
existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the
indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. If the qualitative factors indicate that it is more likely than
not that the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount, the Company performs a
quantitative impairment test. If such reviews indicate the intangible asset may not be recoverable, an impairment loss is
recognized for the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the intangible asset.
The Company uses the relief from royalty method using unobservable inputs (Level 3) to determine the fair value of its
trademark/trade name. Significant assumptions and estimates used in determining fair value include future revenues, royalty
rate, terminal value, and discount rate.
During the years ended December 29, 2024, December 31, 2023 and January 1, 2023, the Company determined no
impairment was indicated for its indefinite-lived intangible asset.
Definite-lived Intangibles
Definite-lived intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis using estimated useful lives of the related classes of
intangible assets.
The Company reviews intangible assets subject to amortization for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable. The asset groups are not
recoverable if their carrying value exceeds the undiscounted cash flows the Company expects to generate from such asset
groups. If the asset groups are not deemed to be recoverable, impairment is measured based on the excess of their carrying
value over their fair value.
During the years ended December 29, 2024, December 31, 2023 and January 1, 2023 the Company determined no
impairment was indicated for definite-lived intangibles.
Fair Value Measurements
The Company’s financial instruments include restricted cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts
payable. The fair value of restricted cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable approximates book
value due to their short-term nature. The carrying value of the Company’s indefinite-lived intangible asset is tested annually
for impairment or more frequently if an event occurs that indicates an impairment may have been incurred, using fair value
measurements with unobservable inputs (Level 3). The Company has not changed the valuation techniques used in
measuring the fair value of any financial assets or liabilities during 2024.
For certain of the Company’s assets and liabilities, valuation techniques under the accounting guidance related to fair value
measurements are based on observable and unobservable inputs. Observable inputs reflect readily obtainable data from
independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect the Company’s market assumptions. These inputs are classified into
the following hierarchy:
Level 1 Inputs: Quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.
Level 2 Inputs: Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar
assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations whose inputs are observable or whose
significant value drivers are observable.
Level 3 Inputs: Pricing inputs are unobservable for the assets or liabilities and include situations where there is little,
if any, market activity for the assets or liabilities. The inputs into the determination of fair value require significant
management judgment or estimation.

-8-

