separate account, and all expenses will be charged to this account. We may charge you
(in addition to the Royalty, Fund contributions, and other amounts due under this
Agreement) Six Hundred Dollars ($600) per person per day, plus our (or the third party’s)
direct out-of-pocket costs and expenses, if we (or a third party) assume the Restaurant’s
management under this subparagraph. We (or a third party) have a duty to utilize only
reasonable efforts and, provided we are not grossly negligent and do not commit an act of
willful misconduct, will not be liable to you or your owners for any debts, losses, lost or
reduced profits, or obligations the Restaurant incurs, or to any of your creditors for any
products, other assets, or services the Restaurant purchases, while we (or a third party)
manage it.
For purposes of this subparagraph, the term “disability” means a mental or
physical disability, impairment, or condition that is reasonably expected to prevent or
actually does prevent the Operations Partner from supervising the Restaurant’s
management and operation.
(3)
Sophisticated Franchisee Exempt. If you are a Sophisticated Franchisee,
then the requirements in Sections 12.E(1) and 12.E(2) shall not apply.
F.

EFFECT OF CONSENT TO TRANSFER.

Our consent to a transfer of the franchise rights and the Restaurant, or any interest in you
or your owners, is not a representation of the fairness of the terms of any contract between you
and the transferee, a guarantee of the Restaurant’s or transferee’s prospects of success, or a
waiver of any claims we have against you (or your owners) or of our right to demand the
transferee’s full compliance with this Agreement (as applicable).
G.

OUR RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL.

If you or any of your owners at any time determines to sell or transfer for consideration
the franchise rights granted by this Agreement and the Restaurant, an ownership interest in you
(except to or among your current owners, which is not subject to this Subsection), or a
controlling ownership interest in an Entity that owns a controlling ownership interest in you, in a
transaction that otherwise would be allowed under Subsections 12.B. and C above, you (or your
owners) agree to obtain from a responsible and fully disclosed buyer, and promptly send us, a
true and complete copy of a bona fide, executed written offer (which may include a letter of
intent) relating exclusively to an interest in you (or in the Entity that owns a controlling
ownership interest in you) or in the franchise rights granted by this Agreement and the
Restaurant (the “Offer”). The Offer must include details of the payment terms of the proposed
sale and the sources and terms of any financing for the proposed purchase price. To be a valid
Offer, the proposed purchase price must be in a dollar amount, and the proposed buyer must
submit with the Offer the portion of the transfer fee referenced in Subsection 12.C.(2)(h) above.
The right of first refusal process will not be triggered by a proposed transfer that would
not be allowed under Subsections B and C above and therefore may not proceed. We may require
46
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

