competition agreement was void and unenforceable as to all current and former Employees of JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurants in Illinois; an order preventing JJE and JJF from using or requiring use of such noncompetition agreements with Employees of any JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants in Illinois; restitution for
any harm to Illinois consumers and businesses; disgorgement of any benefits from the allegedly unlawful
acts; the maximum civil penalty available, including $50,000 per violation; and costs. On December 6,
2016, by agreement of the parties, the court entered a Final Order and Consent Decree under which JJF and
JJE collectively agreed to pay the ILAG $100,000 and to distribute various notifications to Illinois-based
franchisees, then-current JJE general managers and area managers, and then-current JJE employees
regarding the ILAG’s position that the Employee’s non-competition agreement was not enforceable under
Illinois law. All notifications were sent, and the case is over. The consent decree expired by its terms on
December 6, 2019.
CWL Investments, LLC, et al. v. Jimmy John’s Franchise, LLC & James North (American
Arbitration Association, filed June 20, 2017, AAA No. 01-17-0003-6022). On June 20, 2017, CWL
Investments, LLC (“CWL”), through its approximately 29 affiliated franchisees, filed a Demand for
Arbitration against JJF and James North. The arbitration’s Statement of Claim generally alleged that JJF
did not approve CWL’s attempts to sell its JIMMY JOHN’s® Restaurants to another franchisee and did not
perform under an alleged oral agreement to find purchasers for those Restaurants (and, if applicable, to pay
CWL the difference between the actual sale price and the sale price to which CWL had allegedly agreed
with the other franchisee). The Statement of Claim alleged violation of the Michigan Franchise Investment
Law; breach of franchise agreements and the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing; breach of
contract and promissory estoppel; tortious interference; and declaratory judgment.
On February 19, 2019, the Arbitration Panel issued its Final Award. The Panel found in North and
JJF’s favor on the promissory-estoppel, oral-contract, and tortious-interference claims, determined that the
declaratory-judgment claim was moot, and chose not to address the implied covenant of good faith and fair
dealing or Michigan Franchise Investment Law claims (effectively rejecting them). The Panel agreed with
North and JJF that JJF could contractually deny a proposed transfer for any commercially reasonable
reason. However, the Panel found that JJF had not acted reasonably in this particular situation—relying on
what the Panel characterized as JJF’s “cumulative conduct” over the course of two separate proposed
transfer transactions with the same potential buyer—and therefore had breached the transfer provisions in
CWL’s franchise agreements.
While CWL’s Statement of Claim originally sought unspecified damages “in excess of $15
million,” plus interest, costs, and attorneys’ fees, at the hearing CWL chose to reduce its claim and seek
only $7.75 million, plus fees and costs. The Panel adopted its own theory of damages and, after finding
that CWL had not “reasonably mitigate[d]” its damages from the disapproved proposed transfer, simply
picked the “mid-point” of the 2 different damages theories that CWL and North/JJF had proffered. This
resulted in an award to CWL of $3.5 million in compensatory damages. The parties separately stipulated
to an award of attorneys’ fees and costs in the amounts of $1 million and $367,239, respectively. The case
has now concluded.
Conrad v. Jimmy John’s Franchise, LLC, et al. (United States District Court for the Southern
District of Illinois, East St. Louis Division, Case No. 3:18-cv-00133). On January 24, 2018, Sylas Butler,
an alleged former employee of a franchised JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant filed a purported class action
lawsuit on behalf of himself and “[a]ll persons in the United States who are current or former employees at
a Jimmy John’s franchise restaurant,” or, alternatively, on behalf of a class of Illinois plaintiffs, naming as
defendants JJF, JJE, and Jimmy John’s LLC. The plaintiff alleged that various provisions in the Jimmy
John’s franchise agreement related to the recruitment and/or hiring of individuals employed at Jimmy
John’s restaurants violated federal and state antitrust and other laws. Specifically, the Complaint alleged
violations of Section 1 of the Sherman Act, the Illinois Antitrust Act, and the Illinois Consumer Fraud and
Deceptive Business Practices Act. The Complaint sought unspecified treble damages, disgorgement of any

17
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

