(b)
within fifteen (15) days after the end of each of our four (4) week sales
periods, the operating statements, profit and loss and other financial statements, statistical
reports, and other information we request regarding you and the Restaurant covering the
previous sales period and, if requested, the fiscal year to date;
(c)
(i) an annual income statement and balance sheet covering the
Restaurant’s entire fiscal year, due within fifteen (15) days after the end of the
Restaurant’s fiscal year (which is December 31st if using a calendar year or the Tuesday
closest to December 31st if using a thirteen (13) four-week period year), and (ii) a
mid-year income statement and balance sheet covering the first half of the Restaurant’s
fiscal year, due within fifteen (15) days after the halfway point of the Restaurant’s fiscal
year (which is June 30th if using a calendar year or the seventh (7th) four-week period if
using a thirteen (13) four-week period year); and
(d)
within ten (10) days after our request, exact copies of federal and state
income tax returns, sales tax returns, purchase records, and any other forms, records,
books, and other information we periodically require relating to the Restaurant and the
Franchise (other than Restaurant employee records, as you control exclusively labor
relations and employment practices for Restaurant employees).
You agree to verify and sign each report and financial statement in the manner we prescribe. We
may disclose data derived from these reports in any context that we deem appropriate. Moreover,
we may, as often as we deem appropriate (including on a daily basis), access the Computer
System and retrieve all information relating to the Restaurant’s operation (other than information
relating to the Restaurant’s employees, as you control exclusively labor relations and
employment practices for Restaurant employees).
You agree to preserve and maintain all records in a secure location at the Restaurant
during this Agreement’s term and for at least three (3) years afterward (including, but not limited
to, sales checks, purchase orders, invoices, customer lists, check stubs, sales tax records and
returns, cash receipts and disbursement journals, and general ledgers). We may require you to
have audited financial statements prepared annually during this Agreement’s term.
11.

INSPECTIONS AND AUDITS.
A.

OUR RIGHT TO INSPECT THE RESTAURANT.

To determine whether you and the Restaurant are complying with this Agreement and all
Brand Standards, we and our designated agents or representatives (including “mystery” or
“secret” shoppers) may at all times and without prior notice to you:
(1)

inspect the Restaurant;

(2)
photograph the Restaurant and observe and video the Restaurant’s
operation for consecutive or intermittent periods we desire;
38
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

