Subsection 12.C.(7) above, we or our designee may reduce the purchase price we must
pay (if we exercise the right of first refusal) by the amount of that transfer fee (or portion
of the transfer fee).
Once you or your selling owner(s) submits the Offer and related information to us triggering the
start of the thirty (30) day decision period referenced above, the Offer is irrevocable during that
thirty (30) day period. This means we have the full thirty (30) day period to decide whether to
exercise the right of first refusal and may choose to do so even if you or your selling owner(s)
changes your, his, her, or its mind during that period and prefers after all not to sell the particular
interest that is the subject of the Offer. You and your selling owner(s) may not withdraw or
revoke your Offer for any reason during the thirty (30) day period, and we (or our designee) may
exercise the right to purchase the particular interest in accordance with the terms of this
Subsection.
If we exercise our right of first refusal, you and your selling owner(s) agree that, for two
(2) years beginning on the closing date, you and they will be bound by the non-competition
covenant contained in Subsection 15.D. below. We have the unrestricted right to assign this right
of first refusal to a third party, which then will have the rights described in this Subsection.
If we do not exercise our right of first refusal, you or your owners may complete the sale
to the proposed buyer on the original Offer’s terms, but only if we otherwise approve the transfer
in accordance with, and you (and your owners) and the transferee comply with the conditions in,
Subsections B and C above. This means that, even if we do not exercise our right of first refusal
(whether or not it is properly triggered as provided above), if the proposed transfer otherwise
would not be allowed under Subsections B and C above, you (or your owners) may not move
forward with the transfer at all.
If you do not complete the sale to the proposed buyer within sixty (60) days after we
notify you that we do not intend to exercise our right of first refusal, or if there is a material
change in the terms of the sale (which you agree to tell us promptly), we or our designee will
have an additional right of first refusal during the thirty (30) day period following either the
expiration of the sixty (60) day period or our receipt of notice of the material change(s) in the
sale’s terms, either on the terms originally offered or the modified terms, at our or our designee’s
option.
13.

EXPIRATION OF THIS AGREEMENT.
A.

YOUR RIGHT TO ACQUIRE A SUCCESSOR FRANCHISE.

When this Agreement expires:
(1)
if you (and each of your owners) have substantially complied with this
Agreement, and operated the Restaurant in substantial compliance with Brand Standards,
during this Agreement’s term; and

48
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

