of this Agreement as of the Effective Date. However, except as provided in
clauses (1) and (2) below, we will not obligate you to make any capital
modifications the costs of which exceed Twenty Thousand Dollars ($20,000)
during any single year during this Agreement’s term or One Hundred
Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars ($125,000) during this Agreement’s entire term:
(1)
the amounts we may require you to spend to change the Computer
System and the Restaurant’s signage and logo, and the frequency of such changes,
are not limited during this Agreement’s term; and
(2)
the amounts we may require you to spend on capital modifications
for the Restaurant, and the frequency of such expenditures, are not limited during
this Agreement’s term if such expenditures are required by the Lease or
applicable law.
10.
Advertising. Subsection 9.A. of the Successor Franchise Agreement is deleted.
Your obligation under Subsection 9.C. to spend at least one-half percent (0.5%) of the
Restaurant’s weekly Gross Sales to advertise and promote your Restaurant locally begins on the
day following the Expiration Date.
11.
Transfer. Subsection 12.C.(2)(g) of the Successor Franchise Agreement is
deleted and replaced with the following:
Before the transfer’s proposed effective date, the transferee (if the transfer is of
the franchise rights granted by this Agreement), or you must (if the transfer is of a
controlling ownership interest in you or in an Entity that owns a controlling
ownership interest in you), if we so require, sign our then-current form of
franchise agreement and related documents, any and all of the provisions of which
may differ materially from any and all of those contained in this Agreement,
including the Royalty and the Fund and Cooperative Program contributions,
provided, however, that the term of the new franchise agreement signed will equal
the unexpired term of this Agreement;
12.
Expiration of Successor Franchise Agreement. Section 13 of the Successor
Franchise Agreement is deleted in its entirety. You have no further renewal or successor
franchise rights when the Successor Franchise Agreement expires and must cease operating the
Restaurant at that time.
13.
Termination. The first sentence of Subsection 14.B. of the Successor Franchise
Agreement, and all of Subsections 14.B.(2) and (3), are deleted.
14.
Covenant Not to Compete. Subsection 15.D.(3) of the Successor Franchise
Agreement is deleted and replaced with the following:
(3)

expiration of this Agreement,

3
JJF SUCCESSOR FRAN. RIDER (MARCH 2025)
1616274884.2

