Standards for JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants, and the purchase price will reflect these
exclusions.
(4)

Appraisal.

If we and you cannot agree on fair market value, fair market value will be determined by
one (1) independent accredited appraiser upon whom we and you agree who will conduct an
appraisal and, in doing so, be bound by the criteria specified in subparagraph (3). You and we
agree to select the appraiser within fifteen (15) days after we notify you that we wish to exercise
our purchase option (if you and we have not agreed on fair market value before then). You and
we will share equally the appraiser’s fees and expenses. The appraiser must complete its
appraisal within thirty (30) days after its appointment. The purchase price will be the appraised
value. If we and you cannot agree on the appraiser, he or she will be chosen according to the
procedures set forth by the American Arbitration Association.
(5)

Closing.

We (or our assignee) will pay the purchase price at the closing, which will take place not
later than sixty (60) days after the purchase price is determined, although we (or our assignee)
may decide after the purchase price is determined not to purchase the Restaurant and/or the fee
simple interest in the Premises. We may set off against the purchase price, and reduce the
purchase price by, any and all amounts you or your owners owe us or our affiliates. At the
closing, you agree to deliver instruments transferring to us (or our assignee):
(a)
good and merchantable title to the assets purchased, free and clear of all
liens and encumbrances (other than liens and security interests acceptable to us), with all
sales and other transfer taxes paid by you;
(b)
all of the Restaurant’s licenses and permits that may be assigned or
transferred; and
(c)
the fee simple or leasehold interest in the Premises and improvements or a
lease assignment or lease or sublease in accordance with subparagraph (2), as applicable.
If you cannot deliver clear title to all of the purchased assets, or if there are other unresolved
issues, we (or our assignee) and you will close the sale through an escrow or another process
designed to facilitate the transaction’s closing while open issues are addressed. You and your
owners further agree to execute general releases, in a form satisfactory to us, of any and all
claims against us and our owners, affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, successors,
and assigns. If we exercise our rights under this Subsection E, you and your owners agree that,
for two (2) years beginning on the closing date, you and they will be bound by the
non-competition covenant contained in Subsection 15.D. above.
F.

LIQUIDATED DAMAGES.

Upon our termination of this Agreement according to its terms and conditions or your
termination of this Agreement without cause, we may require you to pay us, within the
59
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

