your voting rights and other privileges if you are delinquent in making contributions. We
also may suspend your voting rights and other privileges if you otherwise are in default
under this Agreement, including, but not limited to, by not having the required number of
certified managers in place. However, suspension of your voting rights and other
privileges will not excuse you from paying delinquent amounts or other contributions that
become due and payable by Cooperative Program members after the suspension.
(8)
Franchise Transfers and Credit Balances. You will remain responsible
to the Cooperative Program for all contributions due through the date of the closing of
any transfer of the Restaurant to anyone else. A transfer will be deemed to occur only if it
complies with Section 12 below. If you sell or close the Restaurant (or are expelled)
when you have a credit balance with the Cooperative Program, the balance will not be
refunded but will be retained for the benefit of other Cooperative Program members if the
transaction involves a closing of the Restaurant or the termination or expiration of this
Agreement (or your expulsion); credited to the transferee if an approved transfer takes
place; or credited to your other JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants and Cooperative Program
memberships if the transaction involves the closing of one JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant
but you then own other JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants located in the DMA and remain a
Cooperative Program member with respect to one or more of those other JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurants.
E.

REGIONAL ADVISORY COUNCIL.

You agree to participate actively in any JIMMY JOHN’S® Regional Advisory
Franchisee Council (“Council”) we designate. A Council’s purpose includes exchanging ideas
and problem-solving methods, advising us on expenditures for regional advertising, and
coordinating franchisee efforts. You agree to pay all assessments the Council levies, and we may
enforce this obligation on the Council’s behalf. Amounts and expenditures periodically may vary
due to variations in Council participation and costs, as determined by a particular Council and
approved by us. We may form a Council when more than one (1) franchisee operates a JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurant in any given region, the boundaries of which we may determine.
10.

RECORDS, REPORTS, AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

In order to assure consistency and reliability with respect to the various forms of financial
reporting you must make to us, you agree to establish and maintain at your own expense a
bookkeeping, accounting, and recordkeeping system conforming to the requirements and formats
we prescribe from time to time. The records and information contained in this system will not
include any records or information relating to the Restaurant’s employees, as you control
exclusively labor relations and employment practices for Restaurant employees. We may require
you to use a Computer System to maintain certain sales data and other information. You agree to
give us in the manner and format we prescribe from time to time:
(a)
on or before Wednesday of each week, a report on the Restaurant’s Gross
Sales during the week ending on the preceding Tuesday;
37
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

