any other person acting on our behalf. This provision supersedes any other
term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.
NORTH DAKOTA
1.
The following language is added to the “Remarks” column of the “Liquidated
Damages” row of the Item 6 chart in the Franchise Disclosure Document:
We and you acknowledge that this provision might not be enforceable
under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law; however, we and you
will enforce the provision to the extent the law allows.
2.
The “Summary” sections of Items 17(c) and (m) of the Franchise Disclosure
Document are amended by adding the following:
(Any release executed will not apply, to the extent prohibited by
applicable law, with respect to claims arising under the North Dakota
Franchise Investment Law.)
3.
The “Summary” section of Item 17(r) of the Franchise Disclosure Document is
amended by adding the following:
Covenants not to compete such as those mentioned above generally are
considered unenforceable in the state of North Dakota. However, we will
seek to enforce them to the extent enforceable.
4.
The “Summary” section of Item 17(v) of the Franchise Disclosure Document is
deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:
Litigation generally must be in courts closest to our then current principal
business address (currently Atlanta, Georgia), except that to the extent
required by the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, you may bring
an action in North Dakota.
5.
The “Summary” section of Item 17(w) of the Franchise Disclosure Document is
deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following.
Except for federal law, North Dakota law applies.
6.
The following paragraph is added to the end of Item 17 of the Franchise
Disclosure Document:
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by you in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of
(i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by us, any franchise

JJF STATE PAGES (MARCH 2025)
1616274874.2

5

