no action) and control exclusively any litigation, USPTO proceeding, or other administrative proceeding
arising from any infringement, challenge, or claim. You must help us protect and maintain our interests in
any litigation or USPTO or other proceeding. We will reimburse your costs of taking any action we ask
you to take.
If it becomes advisable at any time in our opinion for us and/or you to modify, discontinue using
and/or replace any Mark and/or to use one or more additional, substitute, or replacement trade or service
marks together with or instead of any previously designated Mark, you must comply with our directions
within a reasonable time after receiving notice. We need not reimburse your direct expenses for changing
the Restaurant’s signs, your lost revenue due to any modified or discontinued Mark, or your expenses in
promoting a modified or substitute trademark or service mark.
We will reimburse your damages and expenses incurred or for which you are liable in any
proceeding disputing your authorized use of any Mark under the Franchise Agreement if your use has been
consistent with the Franchise Agreement, the Confidential Operations Manual, and Brand Standards and
you have timely notified us of, and comply with our directions in responding to, the proceeding. At our
option, we may defend and control the defense of any proceeding arising from your use of any Mark.
If we permit you to operate the Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you may use the Other
Franchisor’s trademarks licensed to you under the Other Franchise Agreement in connection with the
operation of the Other Restaurant at the Multi-Brand Location.
ITEM 14

PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION

No patents or patent applications are material to the franchise. We claim copyrights in the
Confidential Operations (which contain our trade secrets and confidential information), advertising and
marketing materials, Restaurant blueprints, menu-boards and menus, the JIMMY JOHN’S® website, and
similar items used in operating JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants. We have not registered these copyrights
with the United States Copyright Office but need not do so at this time to protect them. You may use these
items only as we specify while operating your Restaurant (and must stop using them if we so direct you).
There currently are no effective adverse determinations of the USPTO, the United States Copyright
Office, or any court regarding the copyrighted materials. No agreement limits our right to use or allow
others to use the copyrighted materials. We do not actually know of any infringing uses of our copyrights
that could materially affect your use of copyrighted materials in any state.
We need not protect or defend copyrights, although we intend to do so if in the system’s best
interests. We may control any action we choose to bring, even if you voluntarily bring the matter to our
attention. We need not participate in your defense and/or indemnify you for damages or expenses in a
proceeding involving a copyright.
Our Confidential Operations and other materials contain our confidential information (some of
which constitutes trade secrets under applicable law). This information includes site selection criteria;
recipes for Trade Secret Food Products and specifications for Branded Products; methods, formats,
specifications, standards, systems, procedures, food preparation techniques, sales and marketing
techniques, knowledge, and experience used in developing and operating JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants;
marketing and advertising programs and materials for JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants; any computer
software or similar technology that is proprietary to us or the system; knowledge of specifications for and
suppliers of Operating Assets, Trade Secret Food Products, Branded Products, Permitted Brands, and other
products and supplies; knowledge of the operating results and financial performance of JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurants other than your Restaurant; graphic designs and related intellectual property; all passwordprotected portions of our franchise system’s Website, intranets, and extranets and the information they

64
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

