implement reasonable steps to prevent improper disclosure of confidential information. Under no
circumstances will we control the forms or terms of employment agreements you choose to use with your
employees or otherwise be responsible for your labor relations or employment practices. You must keep
copies of non-disclosure agreements and send them to us upon request solely for us to confirm your
compliance with your confidentiality obligations.
You must disclose to us in writing the specific details of any investment in any other restaurant or
food-related business or franchise held by you, any of your owners, or any of your owners’ spouses. Unless
you are a Sophisticated Franchisee, your Operations Partner may not have any interest in, or perform any
work for, any other restaurant or food-related business or franchise, whether or not it is a competitive
business.
Your owners must personally guarantee your obligations under the Franchise Agreement and agree
to be bound personally by every contractual provision, whether containing monetary or non-monetary
obligations, including the covenant not to compete. This “Guaranty and Assumption of Obligations” is the
last 2 pages of the Franchise Agreement. We also may require your directors and officers to comply with
certain non-monetary obligations in the Franchise Agreement (for example, confidentiality and noncompetition) by having them sign our Principal’s Agreement (Exhibit E).
ITEM 16

RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL

You must offer and sell all Menu Items and perform all services we periodically require for JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurants. You may not offer or sell any products or perform any services we have not
authorized. Jimmy John’s Brand Standards may regulate required and/or authorized Menu Items, Trade
Secret Food Products, Branded Products, and Permitted Brands; unauthorized and prohibited food products,
beverages, and services; purchase, storage, cooking, preparation, handling, and packaging procedures and
techniques for Menu Items, Trade Secret Food Products, Branded Products, and Permitted Brands; and
inventory requirements for Trade Secret Food Products, Branded Products, Permitted Brands, and other
products and supplies so that your Restaurant operates at full capacity. We periodically may change
required and/or authorized Menu Items, Trade Secret Food Products, Branded Products, and Permitted
Brands. There are no limits on our right to do so. To the extent allowed by applicable law, we may regulate
the minimum, maximum, and other prices for Menu Items and services your Restaurant offers as well as
pricing methods and procedures for in-store, delivery, and on-line/electronic orders.
If we permit you to operate the Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you may offer the products
and services authorized by the Other Franchisor under the Other Franchise Agreement in connection with
the operation of the Other Restaurant at the Multi-Brand Location.
[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK.]

66
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

