Duration of Effective Fund Contribution Rate
Year 2 through Year 3
Year 4 through remainder of the term

Effective Fund Contribution Rate
2%
4.5%

5. Pioneer Incentive Program. [Note: Only include this provision if this Amendment is being
sign in connection with the first person developing five or more restaurants in Alaska, Hawaii, Maine,
New Hampshire, Rhode Island, or Vermont, and this Amendment is amending the first or second
Franchise Agreement signed in connection with the DRA] Under our “Pioneer Incentive” program, if you
open and begin operating the Restaurant within Alaska, Hawaii, Maine, New Hampshire, Rhode Island,
or Vermont in accordance with the Franchise Agreement on or before the required opening date set forth
therein and you satisfy the Incentive Eligibility Requirements, then we agree to credit an amount equal to
$50,000 towards the Royalty owed under the Franchise Agreement.
6. Early Opening Incentive. If you meet the requirements of the NRO or SDM incentive
program set forth above and you open and begin operating the Restaurant in compliance with the
Franchise Agreement before the Opening Deadline, then the Royalty will be zero percent (0%) from the
date you open the Restaurant until the Opening Deadline (not to exceed twelve (12) months), then the
applicable Royalty rate shall apply.
7. VetFran Program. [Note: Only include this provision if the Franchisee or its owner(s)
qualify for the VetFran Incentive, and this Franchise Agreement is signed in connection with the
development and operation of the franchisees first through tenth Franchise Agreement.] If you (a) are a
veteran or returning service member (who has not previously signed, or had an affiliate that signed, a
Development Agreement or Franchise Agreement with us) who qualifies and signs a Franchise
Agreement to develop one Jimmy John’s Restaurant, (b) open and begin operating the Restaurant in
accordance with the Franchise Agreement on or before or before the required opening date set forth
therein, and (c) satisfy the Incentive Eligibility Requirements, then, in addition to the above provisions,
we agree to credit an amount equal to $10,000 towards the Royalty owed under the Franchise Agreement.
8.
Drive-Thru Remodel Incentive. [Note: Only include this provision if this Amendment is
being signed in connection with the remodel of an existing Restaurant] You will receive the benefits of
our “Drive-Thru Remodel Incentive” program, if (a) the Restaurant currently does not have a drive-thru,
and you have agreed to remodel your restaurant to include one, (b) you complete the remodel and re-open
and resume operations of the Restaurant on or before the earlier of the date that is six (6) months after the
date the Restaurant closes for remodel or December 31 of the calendar year in which the Restaurant
closes for remodel, and (c) you satisfy the Incentive Eligibility Criteria, then the Royalty will be amended
as set forth below:
Duration of Effective Royalty

Effective Royalty

Re-Opening through Year 1
Year 2
Year 3
Year 4 through remainder of the term

2%
3%
4%
6%

9.
Drive-Thru Relocation Incentive. [Note: Only include this provision if this Amendment
is being signed in connection with the relocation of an existing Restaurant in accordance with JJ’s
relocation policies] You will receive the benefits of our “Drive-Thru Relocation Incentive” program, if
(a) the Existing Restaurant currently does not have a drive-thru, and we have agreed to allow you to
relocate the Restaurant, (b) the Restaurant (after relocation) has a drive-thru, (c) you complete the
4
1616274876.7

