business formats, methods, procedures, signs, designs, layouts, standards, specifications,
and Marks (the “Franchise System”).
(5)
As a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant franchisee, you must comply with this
Agreement and all mandatory specifications, standards, operating procedures, and rules
(collectively, “Brand Standards”) we periodically prescribe for JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurants in order to maintain the high quality and consistent customer experience that
are critical to attracting and retaining customers for JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants.
(6)
Restaurant.
B.

You have applied for a franchise to operate a JIMMY JOHN’S®

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS.

You acknowledge that:
(1)
You have independently investigated the JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant
franchise opportunity and recognize that, like any other business, the nature of the
JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant will evolve and change over time.
(2)
An investment in a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant involves business risks
that could result in the loss of a significant portion or all of your investment.
(3)
The business abilities and efforts of your owners and other principals,
management, and staff are vital to your success.
(4)
You have not received from us or our affiliates, and are not relying upon,
any representations or guarantees, express or implied, of the potential volume, sales,
income, or profits of a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant (except for financial performance
representations included in Item 19 of our Franchise Disclosure Document).
(5)
You have been afforded ample opportunity to ask any questions you have
and to review any appropriate materials of interest to you concerning the JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurant franchise opportunity, including the opportunity to contact existing
JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant franchisees.
C.

CORPORATION, LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY, OR
PARTNERSHIP.

As a corporation, limited liability company, or general, limited, or limited liability
partnership (each, an “Entity”), you agree and represent that:
(1)
You have the authority to execute, deliver, and perform your obligations
under this Agreement and all related agreements and are duly organized or formed and
validly exist in good standing under the laws of the state of your incorporation or
formation;
2
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

