that we or our affiliates own will contribute to the Fund on the same percentage basis as
franchisees.
We have the right to collect for deposit into the Fund any advertising, marketing, or
similar allowances paid to us by suppliers who deal with JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants and
with whom we agree to so deposit these allowances. (These payments are different from those
not designated by suppliers to be used exclusively for advertising or similar purposes and that we
and our affiliates therefore may use for any purposes we and they deem appropriate, as provided
in Subsection 2.D. above.)
We or our designee will direct all programs that the Fund finances, with sole control over
the creative concepts, graphics, materials, communications media, and endorsements used, as
well as their geographic, market, and media placement and allocation. The Fund may pay for
preparing and producing video, audio, and written materials and digital media (including
conducting on-line Internet and mobile advertising and marketing); developing, implementing,
and maintaining an electronic commerce Website and/or related strategies; administering
national, regional, and multi-regional marketing and advertising programs, including, without
limitation, purchasing trade-journal, direct-mail, and other media advertising, and using
advertising, promotion, and marketing agencies and other advisors to provide assistance; and
supporting public relations, market research, and other advertising, promotion, and marketing
activities.
The Fund periodically may give you samples of advertising, marketing, and promotional
formats and materials at no cost. We or our designee may sell you multiple copies of these
materials at our or its direct cost of producing them, plus any related shipping, handling, and
storage charges.
We will account for the Fund separately from our other monies and not use the Fund for
any of our general operating expenses. However, we may use the Fund to pay (1) the reasonable
salaries and benefits of personnel who manage and administer the Fund and work on Fund
business/activities; (2) the Fund’s other administrative costs; (3) travel expenses of personnel
while they are on Fund business; (4) meeting costs; (5) overhead relating to Fund business; and
(6) other expenses we or our designees incur in activities reasonably related to administering or
directing the Fund and its programs, as well as collecting and accounting for Fund contributions,
including, without limitation, taxes we must pay on Fund contributions we receive, conducting
market research, public relations, and preparing advertising, promotion, and marketing materials.
Although the Fund is not a trust, we will hold all Fund contributions for the benefit of the
contributors and use contributions only for the purposes described in this Subsection. We do not
owe any fiduciary obligation to you for administering the Fund or any other reason. The Fund
may spend in any fiscal year more or less than the total Fund contributions in that year, borrow
from us or others (paying reasonable interest) to cover deficits, or invest any surplus for future
use. We will use all interest earned on Fund contributions to pay costs before using the Fund’s
other assets.

32
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

