you schedule it for 90 to 120 days after the Restaurant opens and spend $3,000 to $5,000 for newspaper
and radio advertising and promotional items.
9.
You must obtain and maintain certain types and amounts of insurance in the amounts,
covering the risks, and including the provisions we periodically specify. Insurance costs depend on policy
limits, types of policies, nature and value of physical assets, gross revenue, number of employees, square
footage, location, business contents, and other factors bearing on risk exposure. The estimate contemplates
insurance premium costs for 1 year. You should check with your insurance agent for any additional
insurance you might want to obtain above our stated minimums.
10.
This estimates the funds needed for professional advisors (like an attorney and accountant)
and other miscellaneous expenses not addressed in this table that might arise during the franchise
acquisition and development process.
11.
This estimates the funds needed to cover your initial expenses for the first 3 months of
operation (other than the items identified separately in the table). It includes payroll costs but not any
owner’s draw or salary. However, this is only an estimate, and you might need additional working capital
during the Restaurant’s first 3 months of operation and for a longer time period after that. This 3-month
period is not intended, and should not be interpreted, to identify a point at which your Restaurant will break
even. We cannot guarantee when or if your Restaurant will break even. Your costs will depend on how
much you follow JIMMY JOHN’S® methods and procedures; your management skill, experience, and
business acumen; local economic conditions; the prevailing wage rate; competition; and your Restaurant’s
sales during the initial period. We relied on JJF’s approximately 28 years of franchising, and JJE’s
approximately 39 years of operating, JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants to compile this Additional Funds
estimate.
12.
You should review these figures carefully with a business advisor before deciding to
acquire the franchise. We do not offer financing directly or indirectly for any part of the initial investment.
The availability and terms of financing depend on many factors, including the availability of financing
generally, your creditworthiness and collateral, and lending policies of financial institutions from which
you request a loan.
13.
If we permit you to develop a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location,
you may incur additional expenses to establish the Other Restaurant(s), including initial franchise fee, initial
training program, computer system, signage, fixtures, furniture, equipment, initial inventory, and other
expenses. You will find the build costs and other costs to establish each applicable Other Restaurant(s) in
the Other Franchisor’s franchise disclosure document. You may pay less than the cumulative total estimated
initial investments for both a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant and Other Restaurant if certain expenses, such
as rent and insurance, overlap.
14.

We currently offer the following incentive programs for Multi-Brand Locations:

Retrofit Multi-Brand Incentive. If you sign a new Franchise Agreement on or before March 31,
2026, or if you are a party to an existing Franchise Agreement and the site development package for the
Restaurant was not approved as of the issuance date of this disclosure document, and you agree to develop
the Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location with an existing Dunkin’ restaurant, you may qualify for the
“Retrofit Multi-Brand Incentive.” Under the Retrofit Multi-Brand Incentive, if (a) you satisfy the Incentive
Eligibility Requirements; (b) you open and begin operating the Restaurant at the Multi-Brand Location with
an existing Dunkin’ restaurant you own and operate in accordance with the Franchise Agreement on or
before December 31, 2026; (c) as of the date the Restaurant opens, you are operating the Dunkin’ restaurant
in compliance with the applicable Dunkin’ franchise agreement; and (d) you or your affiliate did not remove
or extract from the Multi-Brand location a Baskin-Robbins® restaurant during the period beginning on

37
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

