sold products or services directly to franchisees for their JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants; therefore, they
derived no revenue from those activities. However, we and certain of our affiliates received payments
and/or licensing fees from designated and approved suppliers on account of JIMMY JOHN’S® franchisees’
purchases of required and approved items from those suppliers. During the 2024 fiscal year, we and such
affiliates received $81,298,035 from third party suppliers on account of JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant
franchisees’ purchases of approved, contracted, proprietary, or designated items from those suppliers (this
amount includes $3,012,498 in supplier contributions for convention-related costs). This information is
taken from JJF’s and such other affiliates’ internal business records.
There currently are no purchasing or distribution cooperatives. We and our designees currently
negotiate purchase arrangements with suppliers (including price terms) for Trade Secret Food Products,
Branded Products, Permitted Brands, the Restaurant’s equipment, the point-of-sale system, building
supplies, and signage. In doing so, we and our designees seek to promote the franchise system’s overall
interests and our interests as the franchisor (rather than the interests of any particular franchisee). We do
not provide material benefits to you (for example, renewal or granting additional franchises) for purchasing
particular products or services or using particular suppliers.
Multi-Brand Locations
If we and you enter into the Multi-Brand Addendum and you operate your Restaurant at a MultiBrand Location, we, at our option, may modify any of the terms of the System applicable to the Restaurant,
including any system standards, the layout and design requirements, the products and services offered, any
mandatory or optional advertising, marketing and promotional programs, required equipment or products,
required hours of operation, personnel training and staffing requirements, and other standards,
specifications and requirements, in a manner that is different from the manner in which those terms apply
to other JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants, to reflect the Restaurant’s status as a Multi-Brand Location. If
you operate your Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you must comply with all of these modifications.
If we permit you to operate your Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, (i) you must use paper products
and other items bearing the Trademarks only at the Restaurant and with products served by the Restaurant,
and you (or your affiliate) may not use them at the Other Restaurant or with products served by the Other
Restaurant; (ii) you must ensure that all employees providing services to customers of the Restaurant wear
uniforms that are distinct from the uniforms and/or other apparel worn by the employees providing services
to customers of the Other Restaurants; and (iii) you may be required to purchase or lease certain goods and
services for each Other Restaurant from approved or designated suppliers (which may be the applicable
Other Franchisor or its affiliate). You can find additional information in each Other Franchisor’s franchise
disclosure document.
ITEM 9

FRANCHISEE’S OBLIGATIONS

This table lists your principal obligations under the franchise and other agreements. It will
help you find more detailed information about your obligations in these agreements and in other
items of this disclosure document.
Obligation
a.

Site selection and
acquisition/lease

b.

Pre-opening purchases/leases

Section In Agreement
2A and B of Franchise Agreement and
6 of Development Rights Agreement

7, 8, 11, and 12

2C, D, and E and 8A of Franchise
Agreement

5, 7, 8, and 11

42
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

Disclosure
Document Item

