You may not develop, maintain, or authorize any website, or user-generated content (including
social media pages and content for Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, SnapChat, Pinterest, X (f/k/a Twitter),
and other similar social media sites) we have not had the opportunity to approve or have disapproved that
mentions or describes the Restaurant or displays any of the Marks.
All advertising, promotion, and marketing must be completely clear, factual, and not misleading
and conform to the highest standards of ethical advertising and marketing and our advertising and marketing
policies. To protect the goodwill we and certain of our affiliates have accumulated in the “JIMMY
JOHN’S®” name and other Marks, we reserve the right to review all advertising, promotional, or marketing
materials on or in which you intend to use the “JIMMY JOHN’S®” name or other Marks. You must not
use any advertising, promotional, or marketing materials we have not had the opportunity to approve or
have disapproved. (Franchise Agreement, Section 9.C.)
If we permit you to operate the Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, unless we otherwise specify
or approve, none of the advertising, marketing or promotional materials associated with the Restaurant may
reference any Other Restaurant or the brand(s) under which they operate. (Multi-Brand Addendum - Section
4(f))
Cooperative Advertising Programs
We may identify a regional Television Broadcast Designated Market Area (“DMA”), as defined by
the Nielsen ratings system or another recognized market-analysis system, in which 1 or more JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurants are located in order to establish a regional cooperative advertising program for that
DMA (“Cooperative Program”). (Franchise Agreement, Section 9.D.) The Cooperative Program’s purpose
will be to collect funds from its members and to plan, discuss, organize, develop, utilize, produce,
disseminate, and implement advertising and promotional programs and materials on a collective basis (and
to cover related expenses) for the sale of JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant products in the DMA.
If we establish a Cooperative Program in your area, you and your Restaurant must participate in,
and will automatically become a member of (without further action), the Cooperative Program as described
below. The members of the Cooperative Program in a DMA will be all JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants
located in that DMA, including those operated by us and our affiliates.
You must appoint one person to represent your interests at Cooperative Program meetings. The
representative must be an owner, director, officer, or Restaurant manager. The Cooperative Program may
rely on that representative’s decisions, votes, and consents at meetings and in other communications without
further inquiry. One representative may represent you and other franchisees and multiple JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurants as long as he or she has valid proxies or other authorizations.
We may control the Cooperative Program’s formation, organization, governance, administration,
and operation, including all advertising, marketing, and promotional activities, regardless of the number of
members. We may periodically issue rules and instructions for the Cooperative Program’s operation with
which you and your Restaurant must comply. The Cooperative Program will hold meetings as we deem
necessary to conduct business, although the Cooperative Program’s affairs may be handled through any
means (e.g., email) that communicate with the Cooperative Program’s members. You will receive notices
of meetings at least 7 days in advance. Your failure to receive notice of a meeting will not invalidate any
action validly taken by franchisees at the meeting.
The Cooperative Program will formulate a budget to pay the advertising expenses and costs it
incurs. We may establish minimum financial reporting requirements (subject to change periodically) with
which the Cooperative Program must comply. You or your Operations Partner has the right during normal
business hours, at your own expense, to personally and individually (i.e., not through a third-party

49
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

