(2)
the amounts we may require you to spend on capital modifications for the
Restaurant, and the frequency of such expenditures, are not limited during this
Agreement’s term if such expenditures are required by the Lease or applicable law;
(3)
if you are the original franchisee of the Restaurant, operated the
Restaurant for the full term of this Agreement, and desire to acquire a successor franchise
at the expiration of this Agreement’s term as provided in Subsection 13.A.(1) below, the
amounts we may require you to spend on capital modifications for the Restaurant in
connection with your acquisition of the successor franchise are not limited;
(4)
if you signed this Agreement in connection with your acquisition of the
Restaurant’s assets from its previous franchise owner, there are no limits on the amounts
we may require you to spend on capital modifications for the Restaurant immediately
after and as part of the transfer process, as such capital modifications were a condition to
our consent to the transfer; and
(5)
if you signed this Agreement in connection with your acquisition of the
Restaurant’s assets from its previous owner (i.e., another franchisee or our affiliate), there
are no limits on the amounts we may require you to spend on capital modifications for the
Restaurant in connection with each ten (10) year anniversary of the Restaurant’s original
opening date.
C.

NON-COMPLIANCE FEE.

You acknowledge the importance of operating the Restaurant in full compliance with this
Agreement and Jimmy John’s Brand Standards set forth in the Confidential Operations Manual
or otherwise communicated to you. You further acknowledge that your deviation from any
contractual requirement, including any Brand Standard, is a violation of this Agreement and will
require us to incur incalculable administrative and management costs to address the violation
(separate and apart from any damages your violation might cause to the JIMMY JOHN’S®
System, our business opportunities, and the goodwill associated with the Marks). Therefore, you
agree that, in order to compensate us for our incalculable administrative and management costs
due to your operational violations, you must pay us, at our option, Two Hundred Fifty Dollars
($250) for each deviation from a contractual requirement, including any Brand Standard, cited by
us (the “Non-Compliance Fee”). However, if we discover that same (or a substantially similar)
deviation on one or more consecutive, subsequent visits to or inspections of the Restaurant, the
Non-Compliance Fee will, at our option, be Five Hundred Dollars ($500) for the first repeat
deviation and One Thousand Dollars ($1,000) for the second and each subsequent repeat
deviation. (The Non-Compliance Fee does not apply to payment defaults for which we may
charge late fees and interest under Subsection 3.D. above.) The Non-Compliance Fee, should one
be charged, is deemed by us and you to be a reasonable estimate of our administrative and
management costs and is not a penalty. We may debit your EDTA for Non-Compliance Fees, or
set off monies otherwise due and payable to you, to cover the payment of Non-Compliance Fees.
Unless we notify you otherwise, Non-Compliance Fees are due and payable to us within five (5)
days after we notify you that we are charging you the Non-Compliance Fee due to your violation.
We need not give you a cure opportunity before charging the Non-Compliance Fee. Charging the
30
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

