JIMMY JOHN’S FRANCHISOR SPV, LLC
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Contributions from and Distributions to Member
Contributions from and distributions to Member principally result from transactions with the Member conducted in
accordance with Inspire’s centralized cash management policy. Such amounts are not expected to be repaid. The Company
presents contributions from and distributions to Member on a net basis on the statements of member's equity and on a net
basis as a financing activity on the statements of cash flows.
Income Taxes
The Company is a limited liability company. As such, income taxes are the obligation of the Member. Accordingly, these
financial statements contain no provision or benefit and no assets or liabilities for federal income taxes. The Company may
be responsible for certain state taxes in certain instances. The periods presented within the financial statements contain no
provision or benefit and no assets or liabilities for state income taxes.
Commitments and Contingencies
Liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims, assessments, litigation, fines and penalties, and other sources are
recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Legal costs
incurred in connection with loss contingencies are expensed as incurred.
Revenue Recognition
Revenue primarily includes franchise fees and royalty revenue, and training and other income. Revenue is recognized in
accordance with a five-step revenue model, as follows: identifying the contract with the customer; identifying the
performance obligations in the contract; determining the transaction price; allocating the transaction price to the
performance obligations; and recognizing revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies the performance obligations.
Franchise Fees and Royalty Revenue
The rights and obligations governing franchised restaurants are set forth in the franchise agreement. The franchise
agreement generally provides for a 10-year initial term subject to certain conditions. Prior to the end of the franchise term or
as otherwise provided by the Company, a franchisee may elect to renew the term of a franchise agreement, depending on
contract terms if certain conditions are met.
Royalty fees charged to franchisees and Jimmy John’s Enterprises, LLC (“JJE”), a related party by reason of common
ownership, are based on 6% of a restaurant’s sales, as defined in the franchise agreement. Royalties from franchised
restaurants are based on a percentage of restaurant sales of the franchised restaurant and are recognized as earned. Starting in
2021, the Company offered development incentive plans to require lower royalties from new franchisees in the initial years
of the franchise agreement. These incentives are recognized over the remaining term of the respective agreement. Initial
franchise fees are recorded within "Deferred revenue" on the Company's balance sheet when received and recognized as
revenue over the contractual term of the franchise agreement, once a franchised restaurant is opened. Renewal franchise fees
are recognized as revenue over the contractual term of the franchise agreement once the license agreement is signed and the
fee is paid. Franchise commitment fee deposits are forfeited and recognized as revenue upon the termination of the related
commitments to open new franchised restaurants.
Training and Other Income
Training and other income primarily consists of training fees generated from providing training to the franchisees’ owners
and employees as offered by the Company pursuant to the terms of the franchise agreement.

-9-

