If you fail to satisfy any of the applicable conditions for an incentive (including the Incentive
Eligibility Requirements), then, without limiting our other rights and remedies (including the right
to terminate the Franchise Agreement and/or Development Rights Agreement), that incentive will
not apply to the Restaurant(s). The Early Opening Incentive, VetFran Program, Pioneer Incentive,
and Non-Traditional College/University Incentive do not apply to franchisees signing successor
franchise agreements to renew their expiring franchises or to develop and operate the Restaurant at
a Non-Traditional Location (except for the Non-Traditional College/University Incentive), as a
relocation or replacement of an existing or closed Restaurant, or as part of a transfer or acquisition
of an existing Restaurant. In the future, we may modify or eliminate any of our incentive programs.
3/

Unless you qualify for an incentive program, the Advertising and Development Fund contribution
rate for new Restaurants is currently 4.5% of the Restaurant’s weekly Gross Sales.
Deeper NRO Incentive Program. If you qualify for the Deeper NRO incentive program, then we
will reduce the Advertising and Development Fund contribution rate as follows:
Duration of Effective Fund
Contribution Rate
Opening through Year 1
Year 2 through year 3
Year 4 through remainder of the term

Effective Fund
Contribution Rate
2%
3%
4.5%

Deeper Select Developing Markets Incentive Program. If you qualify for the Deeper SDM incentive
program, then we will reduce the Advertising and Development Fund contribution rate as follows:
Duration of Effective Fund
Contribution Rate
Opening through Year 1
Year 2 through year 3
Year 4 through remainder of the term

Effective Fund
Contribution Rate
1%
2%
4.5%

We describe the conditions to qualify for the Deeper NRO and Deeper SDM incentive programs in
Item 5.
4/

Before your Restaurant opens, you must sign and deliver forms we require authorizing us to debit
your business checking account automatically for the Royalty, Fund contributions, and other
amounts due under the Franchise Agreement and for your purchases of Trade Secret Food Products,
Branded Products, Permitted Brands, and other items from us, our affiliates, or our designated or
approved suppliers (the “Electronic Depository Transfer Account” or “EDTA”). We may autodebit all fees and payments you owe us, our affiliates, or any designated or approved suppliers of
Operating Assets, Trade Secret Food Products, Branded Products, Permitted Brands, and other
items and services related to the Restaurant’s operation. We will debit the EDTA for these amounts
on their due dates or before then if your actions indicate to us that your required payments might
not be made when due. Funds must be available in the EDTA for withdrawal. We may require
payment other than by automatic debit, and you must comply with our payment instructions. If
you do not timely report the Restaurant’s Gross Sales, we may debit your EDTA for 120% of the
last Royalty and Fund contribution we debited (together with the late fee and interest). If the
amounts we debit are less than the amounts you actually owe us, we will debit your EDTA for the
balance on the day we specify. If the amounts we debit exceed the amounts you actually owe us,
we will credit the excess against the amounts due the following week.

33
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

