representative, accountant, or consultant) examine the Cooperative Program’s books and records with
respect to monies contributed to the Cooperative Program directly by franchisees (this does not include
Fund contributions we may voluntarily allocate to the Cooperative Program).
You must contribute to the Cooperative Program for your Restaurant’s DMA the amounts we
periodically specify, although this amount will not exceed 2% of your Restaurant’s Gross Sales. You must
pay your minimum contribution at the time, in the manner, on the terms, and with the report we periodically
specify. Contributions are not refundable. This contribution is in addition to (and not in place of) your
required Fund contributions and local advertising requirements described above. (We currently do not
require a separate Cooperative Program contribution from you.)
Cooperative Program members might participate in the Cooperative Program at varying levels
because of the different Gross Sales levels of their JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants. Cooperative Program
contributions need not be uniform for all members.
We may, but have no obligation to, have Cooperative Program contributions deposited to the
Cooperative Program’s credit in banks or other depositories as we deem appropriate. You assign to the
Cooperative Program any promotional and/or marketing allowances or similar compensation to be given or
paid directly to you (as opposed to us or our affiliates) due to your Restaurant’s purchase of products and
services under any programs or arrangements negotiated and established on behalf of JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurants located in the DMA with the understanding or expectation that such amounts would be
contributed to the Cooperative Program. We and the Cooperative Program may act on your behalf to
authorize a supplier to pay those advertising, promotional, or marketing funds or allowances directly to the
Cooperative.
Franchisee contributions made directly to the Cooperative Program will be spent only for
advertising and marketing-related activities in the DMA (including related costs and expenses). We or our
designees will develop advertising plans and programs for spending Cooperative Program funds, and
Cooperative Program members will approve those plans and programs as follows.
We or our designees periodically will meet with advertising and similar agencies, determine and
create advertising plans and programs for the DMA, set budgets, and engage in similar planning activities.
We or our designees then will present advertising plans and programs to the JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants
and franchisees covered by the Cooperative Program (the presentation may be in writing, by email, or at a
meeting of which you are notified). The JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants and franchisees covered by the
Cooperative Program (including us and our affiliates) will vote to approve or disapprove the advertising
plans and programs presented. In order for the proposed advertising plans and programs to be approved, at
least a majority (i.e., in excess of 50%) of the JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants actually voting or otherwise
responding by the designated date, including by valid proxy and other authorization (including JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurants operated by us and our affiliates), must vote in their favor. Each Restaurant will
have one vote (unless the franchisee’s voting rights have been suspended, as provided below). Once
approved, we or our designees will implement the advertising plans and programs using Cooperative
Program funds. However, if no franchisees respond, no formal vote is required, and we or our designees
alone may decide to implement the proposed advertising plans and programs. We or our designees also
may cast the deciding vote if there is a tie among the JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants eligible to vote
(whether or not we or our affiliates own Restaurants covered by the Cooperative Program). We and/or our
designees may use advertising and promotional materials developed, prepared, or used by or for the benefit
of the Cooperative Program for any other purposes we and they deem appropriate, including for the
activities of other cooperative programs.
We may terminate the Cooperative Program whenever we deem best. You will cease being a
member of the Cooperative Program if you no longer own JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants located in the

50
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

