(3)
Governance. We have the right to control the formation, organization,
governance, administration, and operation of the Cooperative Program, including all
advertising, marketing, and promotional activities, regardless of the number of members.
We may periodically issue rules and instructions for the Cooperative Program’s operation
with which you and your Restaurant must comply. The Cooperative Program will hold
meetings as we deem necessary to conduct its business, although the Cooperative
Program’s affairs may be handled through any means (e.g., email) that communicate with
the Cooperative Program’s members. You will receive notices of meetings at least seven
(7) days in advance. Your failure to receive notice of a meeting will not invalidate any
action validly taken at the meeting.
The Cooperative Program will formulate a budget for the purpose of paying
advertising expenses and costs it incurs. We may establish minimum financial reporting
requirements (subject to change from time to time) with which the Cooperative Program
must comply. You or your Operations Partner may during normal business hours, at your
own expense, personally and individually (i.e., not through a third party representative,
accountant, or consultant) examine the Cooperative Program’s books and records with
respect to monies contributed to the Cooperative Program directly by franchisees (this
does not include Fund contributions we may voluntarily allocate to the Cooperative
Program).
(4)
Minimum Contribution. You must contribute to the Cooperative
Program for your Restaurant’s DMA the amounts we specify from time to time, although
such amounts will not exceed two percent (2%) of your Restaurant’s Gross Sales. You
must pay your minimum contribution at the time, in the manner, on the terms, and with
the report we periodically specify. Contributions are not refundable. This required
contribution is in addition to (and not in place of) your required advertising expenditures
under Subsections 9.B. and C above.
We may allow Cooperative Program members to participate in the Cooperative
Program at varying levels because of the differing levels of Gross Sales of their JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurants. Cooperative Program contributions need not be uniform as to all
members.
We may, but are not obligated to, have Cooperative Program contributions
deposited to the Cooperative Program’s credit in banks or other depositories we deem
appropriate. You hereby assign to the Cooperative Program any promotional and/or
marketing allowances or similar compensation to be given or paid directly to you (as
opposed to that given or paid directly to us or our affiliates, as provided in Subsections
2.D. and 9.B. above) due to the Restaurant’s purchase of products and services under any
programs or arrangements that have been negotiated and established on behalf of JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurants located in the DMA with the understanding or expectation that
such amounts would be contributed to the Cooperative Program. We and the Cooperative
Program may take any action on your behalf that is necessary to authorize a supplier to

35
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

