KPMG LLP
Suite 2000
303 Peachtree Street, N.E.
Atlanta, GA 30308-3210

Independent Auditors’ Report
The Member
Jimmy John’s Franchisor SPV, LLC:
Opinion
We have audited the financial statements of Jimmy John’s Franchisor SPV, LLC (the Company), which
comprise the balance sheets as of December 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and the related statements of
income, member’s equity, and cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended December
29, 2024, and the related notes to the financial statements.
In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended December 29, 2024 in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of
America (GAAS). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditors’
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are required to be
independent of the Company and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, in accordance with the relevant
ethical requirements relating to our audits. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient
and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.
Responsibilities of Management for the Financial Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and for the design, implementation, and maintenance of
internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements that are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions or
events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a
going concern for one year after the date that the financial statements are available to be issued.
Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes our
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and therefore is not
a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with GAAS will always detect a material misstatement when
it exists. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting
from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
internal control. Misstatements are considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in
the aggregate, they would influence the judgment made by a reasonable user based on the financial
statements.

KPMG LLP, a Delaware limited liability partnership and a member firm of
the KPMG global organization of independent member firms affiliated with
KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee.

