a.
We will credit an amount equal to the initial franchise fee you paid plus the
portion of the development fee that we credit towards that initial franchise fee, up to $25,000,
towards the Royalty owed under that Franchise Agreement.
b.

The Royalty will be amended as set forth below:
Duration of Effective Royalty
Opening through Year 1
Year 2
Year 3
Year 4
Year 5
Year 6 through remainder of the term

Effective Royalty
1%
2%
3%
4%
5%
6%

c.
The Advertising and Development Fund contributions under the applicable
Franchise Agreement will be amended as set forth below:
Duration of Effective Fund Contribution Rate
Opening through Year 1
Year 2 through Year 3
Year 4 through remainder of the term

Effective Fund Contribution Rate
1%
2%
4.5%

6. Pioneer Incentive. [Note: Only include this provision if this Amendment is being sign in
connection with the first person developing five or more restaurants in Alaska, Hawaii, Maine, New
Hampshire, Rhode Island, or Vermont] Because we and you are signing this Amendment before March
31, 2026 to develop five or more New Commitments that will be located within Alaska, Hawaii, Maine,
New Hampshire, Rhode Island, or Vermont (the “Pioneer Incentive Territory”), the first two New
Commitments you develop under the Development Schedule in the Pioneer Incentive Territory may
receive the benefits of our “Pioneer Incentive” program. Under the Pioneer Incentive program, if you
satisfy the Incentive Eligibility Requirements for the first and/or second New Commitment you open in
the Pioneer Incentive Territory, we will credit an amount equal to $50,000 towards the Royalty owed
under the Franchise Agreement for that New Commitment.
7. Early Opening Incentive. If you meet the requirements of the New Restaurant Opening,
Deeper New Restaurant Opening Incentive, Select Developing Markets, or Deeper New Restaurant
Opening Incentive program set forth above, then for each Franchise Agreement that is executed for an
Incentive Commitment in accordance with the Development Agreement, and you open and begin
operating the Restaurant in accordance with the applicable Franchise Agreement before the Applicable
Opening Deadline, then the Royalty will be zero percent (0%) from the date you open the Restaurant
until the Applicable Opening Deadline (not to exceed twelve (12) months), then the applicable reduced
royalty rate shall apply. If you open the Restaurant on or after the Applicable Opening Deadline, the
Early Opening Incentive described in this Section will not apply to the Restaurant.
8. VetFran Program. [Note: Only include if the Developer or its owner(s) qualify for the
VetFran Program.] Because we and you are signing this Amendment before March 31, 2026 and you are
a veteran or returning service member who has not previously signed, or had an affiliate that signed, a
Development Agreement or Franchise Agreement with us and who qualifies and signs the Development
Agreement to develop two or more Jimmy John’s Restaurants, each New Commitment you develop
under the Development Schedule will receive the benefits of our “VetFran Program” incentive if you
satisfy the Incentive Eligibility Requirements with respect to that Restaurant. Under the VetFran
Program, if you satisfy the Incentive Eligibility Requirements, we will credit an amount equal to $10,000
4
1616274877.6

