However, if we and you signed a Development Rights Agreement that specifies the date by which the
Restaurant must be open, you must open the Restaurant on or before that date, despite anything to the
contrary in this paragraph. (Franchise Agreement, Section 2.F.; Development Rights Agreement, Sections
2, 3, and 6) We may terminate the Franchise Agreement if you fail to meet the obligations outlined in this
paragraph.
If we permit you to operate the Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you must design and
construct, and/or make modifications to the Restaurant’s layout, design, equipment and fixtures that we
periodically specify to reflect the Restaurant’s operation at a Multi-Brand Location. You must notify
customers, and the design and layout must reflect, in the manner we periodically specify that the operation
of the Other Restaurant(s) is separate from and independent from the Restaurant. At our option, you may
use certain areas of the premises and equipment (including point-of-sale systems and other computer
equipment) only for the business associated with the Restaurant or only for the business associated with the
Other Restaurants. (Multi-Brand Addendum – Section 4(a))
If we permit you to operate the Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you may not open and begin
operating the Restaurant unless the Other Restaurant is also open and in operation. (Multi-Brand
Addendum – Section 4(b))
Initial Training and Assistance
The training and related requirements, including certified-manager-shift-coverage requirements
(“Training Requirements”), described in this training section are the Training Requirements in effect as of
the date on which we issued this disclosure document. If we change the Training Requirements for the
franchise system any time after that issuance date, you must comply with the updated Training
Requirements with respect to your Restaurant’s operation despite the provisions currently described below
(and even if you already signed your Franchise Agreement).
Before the Restaurant opens for business, your Operations Partner and on-site managers that you
have designated to become certified will be trained on the material aspects of operating a JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurant, excluding aspects relating to labor relations and employment practices. Three weeks of training
(although training may be longer or shorter depending on the attendees’ experience and needs) will be
provided at a designated training facility of our choice and/or at an operating JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant.
Your Operations Partner also must successfully complete an apprenticeship program, which is 4 weeks
long.
Your Operations Partner and on-site managers that you have designated to become certified must
complete to our satisfaction the 3 week initial training program and, as applicable, the apprenticeship
program in order to become certified. If you are a Passive Investment Company or owned directly or
indirectly by a Passive Investment Company, we may require that training be completed to our satisfaction
by specific persons in the Passive Investment Company’s control group (which will depend on the Passive
Investment Company’s specific structure and may include the ultimate control person, even if that person
will not be involved in the Restaurant’s operations). A “Passive Investment Company” means an entity
(including one or more of its affiliates) whose primary purpose is to invest at various levels in multiple,
varied business opportunities and/or other profit-generating activities and not either to invest primarily in
JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants or to actively manage or participate in the day-to-day operations of one or
more JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants.
Training will include homework assignments and proficiency examinations that the participants
must successfully complete before they may proceed to the next stage. Otherwise, the participants must
wait and start over at the next available training program. After completing the training program, attendees
must pass both operations-proficiency and operations-skills tests. Your Operations Partner and on-site

53
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

