ITEM 1

THE FRANCHISOR AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS, AND
AFFILIATES

The franchisor is Jimmy John’s Franchisor SPV, LLC (“we,” “us,” or “our”). “You” means the
entity to which we grant a franchise (and, if applicable, development rights). Your owners must sign a
“Guaranty and Assumption of Obligations,” meaning all of the Franchise Agreement’s provisions
(Exhibit B) also will apply to your owners.
We are a Delaware limited liability company formed on June 12, 2017. Our principal business
address is Three Glenlake Parkway NE, Atlanta, Georgia 30328. We operate under our company name and
the trademarks described in Item 13 (the “Marks”) and no other name. We have offered franchises for
JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants since July 2017. As of December 29, 2024, there were 2,689 JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurants operating in the United States (2,647 franchised and 42 company-owned). Of those
2,689 restaurants, 2,668 were singled-branded Jimmy John’s restaurants and 20 were franchised Jimmy
John’s restaurants operating at Multi-Brand Locations.
We have not offered franchises in any other line of business, have never operated a JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurant, and have no other business activities. If we have an agent in your state for service
of process, we disclose that agent in Exhibit A.
Predecessors and Parents
Effective October 18, 2019, Inspire Brands, Inc., a Delaware corporation whose principal business
address is Three Glenlake Pkwy NE, Atlanta, Georgia 30328 (“Inspire Brands”), acquired Jimmy John’s
LLC, an indirect parent company of ours. As a result, Inspire Brands became another indirect parent
company of ours.
We are a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Jimmy John’s Funding, LLC, which in turn is a direct,
wholly-owned subsidiary of Jimmy John’s SPV Guarantor, LLC. We, Jimmy John’s Funding, LLC, and
Jimmy John’s SPV Guarantor, LLC were organized as part of the secured financing transaction described
below (the “Securitization Transaction”) and are indirect, wholly-owned subsidiaries of Jimmy John’s
Holding Company LLC (“JJ Holdings”), which sits immediately above Jimmy John’s LLC. JJ Holdings is
also an indirect parent company of our affiliate Jimmy John’s Franchise, LLC (“JJF”). All of these Jimmy
John’s entities share our principal business address.
JJF, which is considered our predecessor, was the franchisor of the JIMMY JOHN’S® system from
1993 until the closing of the Securitization Transaction in July 2017. JJF never has operated a JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurant or offered franchises in other lines of business. No other predecessors are disclosable
in this Item.
Securitization Transaction
As noted above, we, Jimmy John’s Funding, LLC, and Jimmy John’s SPV Guarantor, LLC were
organized as part of the Securitization Transaction. As part of the Securitization Transaction, all existing
U.S. franchise agreements and related agreements for JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants were transferred to
us, and we became the franchisor for all existing and future franchise and related agreements. Ownership
and control of all U.S. trademarks and certain other intellectual property relating to the operation of JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurants in the U.S. also were transferred to us.
At the closing of the Securitization Transaction, JJF, the original franchisor of the JIMMY
JOHN’S® system, entered into a management agreement with us, whereby JJF agreed to provide required
support and services to JIMMY JOHN’S® franchisees under their franchise agreements and also act as our

1
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

