Subject to this Agreement’s terms, we grant you a franchise (the “Franchise”) to
operate a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant (the “Restaurant”) at the Premises, and to
use the Franchise System in its operation, for a term beginning on the Effective
Date and expiring on _________. [date when facility contract term expires.]
5.
No Delivery. Since the Premises of the Restaurant are located at or within a
Non-Traditional Location, notwithstanding the second paragraph of Section 1.D of the Franchise
Agreement, you shall not be required nor permitted to offer delivery services from the Restaurant
unless we otherwise specify in writing.
6.
Lease. Except for the last paragraph of Section 2.B of the Franchise Agreement
concerning relocation, which shall remain in full force and effect, the remaining portions of
Section 2.B of the Franchise Agreement are deleted.
7.
Exclusive Relationship. Subsections (a), (b) and (c) of Section 7 of the Franchise
Agreement are deleted in their entireties and replaced with the following:
(a)
have any direct or indirect controlling interest as an owner – whether of
record, beneficial, or otherwise – in a Competitive Business operating at or within the
Facility;
(b)
have any direct or indirect non-controlling interest as an owner – whether
of record, beneficial, or otherwise – in a Competitive Business operating at or within the
Facility (except that equity ownership of less than two percent (2%) of a Competitive
Business whose stock or other forms of ownership interest are publicly-traded on a
recognized United States stock exchange will not be deemed to violate this
subparagraph);
(c)
perform services as a director, officer, manager, employee, consultant,
representative, or agent for a Competitive Business operating at or within the Facility;
Notwithstanding the foregoing, we and you acknowledge that nothing in this Rider shall limit
your or your owners’ (or your or your owners’ spouses’) non-compete or other obligations under
any other franchise agreement.
8.
Days and Hours of Operation. We recognize and acknowledge that the
Restaurant will operate at a Non-Traditional Location and will be required to be open and
operating on those days and during those hours that the Non-Traditional Location may set from
time to time. Therefore, Subsection 8.A.(13) of the Franchise Agreement is deleted.
9.
Grand Opening Advertising. Section 9.A of the Franchise Agreement is deleted
in its entirety.
10.

Advertising and Development Fund.

(a)
The second sentence of the first paragraph of Section 9.B. of the Franchise
Agreement is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:
2
1616274886.2

