labor, health, building, fire, sanitation, occupational, landlord’s, insurance, safety, tax,
governmental, or other statutes, rules, regulations, requirements, or recommendations or a
waiver of our right to require continuing compliance with our requirements, standards,
and policies);
(3)
your Operations Partner and other managers that you designate to become
certified complete training to our satisfaction;
(4)
your District Manager (if required under Subsection 4.A.(3)) completes
training to our satisfaction;
(5)

you give us certificates for all required insurance policies; and

(6)
we notify you in writing that all other JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants in
which you, your owners, or your affiliates have an ownership interest are substantially in
compliance with their franchise agreements.
You agree to comply with these conditions and to open the Restaurant for business (i) within
sixteen (16) months after this Agreement’s Effective Date, or (ii) on or before the date the Lease
specifies. However, if we and you executed a Development Rights Rider that specifies the date
by which the Restaurant must be open, you must open the Restaurant on or before that date,
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph. Within one hundred twenty (120)
days after the Restaurant first opens for business, you must provide us a report, in the format and
containing the information that we reasonably specify, identifying the amounts that you spent in
various categories relating to the development and opening of the Restaurant. We may terminate
this Agreement if you fail to open the Restaurant for business, or if your failure to comply with
the conditions above prevents you from opening the Restaurant, within the required timeframe. If
you open the Restaurant for business before being notified in writing that you may do so, you
must pay us Two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($2,500) for each day the Restaurant is open
without our approval. In that event, we also may elect to terminate this Agreement under
Section 14.B.
G.

INSURANCE.

During this Agreement’s term, in addition to any insurance required by law or your lease
or sublease, you must obtain and maintain in force at your sole expense insurance coverage
(from, at our option, a source we approve) for the Restaurant in the amounts, covering the risks,
and including the provisions that we periodically specify. We may require some or all of your
insurance policies to provide for waiver of subrogation in favor of us, and certain of our parents
and affiliates we designate, and our and their respective officers, employees, agents, and
representatives. Additionally, to the extent permitted by law, you shall waive on your own
behalf, and on behalf of any parties claiming by and/or through you, all rights of recovery by
subrogation or otherwise in favor of us, certain of our parents and affiliates we designate, and our
and their respective officers, employees, agents, and representatives. Your insurance carriers
must be licensed to do business in the state in which the Restaurant is located and be rated A-VII
or higher by A.M. Best and Company, Inc. (or similar criteria we periodically specify). These
11
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

