for each new Restaurant you agree to develop and operate plus any existing Restaurant(s) under the
development schedule that you have not yet opened and commenced operations of as of the date you sign
the Incentives Amendment to your existing Development Rights Agreement or Development Rights Rider,
we will credit the initial franchise fee you paid, along with the portion of the development fee that we
credited towards that initial franchise fee, up to $25,000, towards the Royalty owed under the Franchise
Agreement, and you will pay reduced Royalty and Advertising and Development Fund contributions, as
described in Item 6.
If you fail to satisfy any of the applicable conditions (including the Incentive Eligibility
Requirements), then, without limiting our other rights and remedies (including the right to terminate the
Franchise Agreement and/or Development Rights Agreement), the NRO, Deeper NRO, SDM, and Deeper
SDM incentive program will not apply to the Restaurant(s). The NRO, Deeper NRO, SDM, and Deeper
SDM incentive programs do not apply to franchisees signing new Franchise Agreements to renew their
expiring franchises or to develop and operate the Restaurant at a Non-Traditional Location, as a relocation
or replacement of an existing or closed JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant, or as part of a transfer or acquisition
of an existing JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant. In the future, we may modify or eliminate any of our incentive
programs.
Assets of Existing JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant
If you have the opportunity to buy the assets of an existing JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant from
JJE, you will sign an asset purchase agreement (and related materials) with JJE and a Franchise Agreement
with us. You will pay JJE the applicable purchase price according to the terms of the asset purchase
agreement. The purchase price for an affiliated JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant depends on the Restaurant’s
age, location, condition, profitability, cash flow, and other relevant market factors. If you exercise the
opportunity to purchase an affiliate-owned Restaurant, then JJE and you will negotiate the appropriate
purchase price. The purchase price is not refundable once paid.
Multi-Brand Locations
If we and one or more Other Franchisors grant you the right to open and operate a JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurant and Other Restaurant(s) at a Multi-Brand Location, you must pay all initial fees due
under each applicable Other Franchisor’s franchise agreement in addition to the initial fees described in this
Item. If you operate a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you may qualify for one
or more incentives described in Item 5 and Item 6.
If we permit you to operate a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you must
pay us any training fees and additional expenses that we incur in connection with any additional or
specialized training required for the Restaurant’s personnel due to its status as Multi-Brand Location. We
currently do not charge or expect to charge a fee or incur any additional expenses for any additional or
specialized training we may provide for Multi-Brand Locations during 2024.
[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK.]

24
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

