Maryland Securities Commissioner asserted that this omission violated the Maryland Franchise
Registration and Disclosure Law, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) Franchise Rule, and the North
American Securities Administrators Association (NASAA) Guidelines, all of which require franchisors to
provide contact information for former franchisees in their FDDs. We asserted that the omission was
inadvertent and not material, but in order to avoid the time commitment and expense of administrative or
judicial proceedings, we and the Maryland Securities Commissioner entered into a Consent Order on June
9, 2025. Under the terms of the Consent Order, we agreed to pay a $30,000 civil monetary penalty, to
permanently cease and desist from the offer or sale of franchises in violation of the Maryland Franchise
Law, and to disclose the existence of the Consent Order in future franchise disclosure documents.
Disclosures Regarding Affiliated Programs
The following affiliates who offer franchises resolved actions brought against them with settlements
that involved their becoming subject to currently effective injunctive or restrictive orders or decrees. None of
these actions have any impact on us or our brand nor allege any unlawful conduct by us.
The People of the State of California v. Arby’s Restaurant Group, Inc. (California Superior Court,
Los Angeles County, Case No. 19STCV09397, filed March 19, 2019). On March 11, 2019, our affiliate,
Arby’s Restaurant Group, Inc. (“ARG”), entered into a settlement agreement with the states of California,
Illinois, Iowa, Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Oregon and
Pennsylvania. The Attorneys General in these states sought information from ARG on its use of franchise
agreement provisions prohibiting the franchisor and franchisees from soliciting or employing each other’s
employees. The states alleged that the use of these provisions violated the states’ antitrust, unfair
competition, unfair or deceptive acts or practices, consumer protection and other state laws. ARG expressly
denies these conclusions but decided to enter into the settlement agreement to avoid litigation with the
states. Under the settlement agreement, ARG paid no money but agreed (a) to remove the disputed
provision from its franchise agreements (which it had already done); (b) not to enforce the disputed
provision in existing agreements or to intervene in any action by the Attorneys General if a franchisee seeks
to enforce the provision; (c) to seek amendments of the existing franchise agreements in the applicable
states to remove the disputed provision from the agreements; and (d) to post a notice and ask franchisees to
post a notice to employees about the disputed provision. The applicable states instituted actions in their
courts to enforce the settlement agreement through Final Judgments and Orders, Assurances of
Discontinuance, Assurances of Voluntary Compliance, and similar methods.
The People of the State of California v. Dunkin’ Brands, Inc., (California Superior Court, Los
Angeles County, Case No. 19STCV09597, filed on March 19, 2019.) On March 14, 2019, our affiliate,
Dunkin Brands, Inc. (“DBI”), entered into a settlement agreement with the Attorneys General of 13 states
and jurisdictions concerning the inclusion of “no-poaching” provisions in Dunkin’ restaurant franchise
agreements. The settling states and jurisdictions included California, Illinois, Iowa, Maryland,
Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont, and the
District of Columbia. A small number of franchise agreements in the Dunkin’ system prohibit Dunkin’
franchisees from hiring the employees of other Dunkin’ franchisees and/or DBI’s employees. A larger
number of franchise agreements in the Dunkin’ system contain a no-poaching provision that prevents
Dunkin’ franchisees and DBI from hiring each other’s employees. Under the terms of the settlement, DBI
agreed not to enforce either version of the no-poaching provision or assist Dunkin’s franchisees in enforcing
that provision. In addition, DBI agreed to seek the amendment of 128 franchise agreements that contain a
no-poaching provision that bars a franchisee from hiring the employees of another Dunkin’ franchisee. The
effect of the amendment would be to remove the no-poaching provision. DBI expressly denied in the
settlement agreement that it had engaged in any conduct that had violated state or federal law, and,
furthermore, the settlement agreement stated that such agreement should not be construed as an admission
of law, fact, liability, misconduct, or wrongdoing on the part of DBI. The Attorney General of the State of

20
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

