Irwin v. Jimmy John’s Franchise, LLC, et al. (United States District Court for the Central District
of Illinois, Urbana Division, Case No. 2:14-cv-02275-HAB). On July 31, 2015, an individual filed an
amended complaint in a purported class action lawsuit on behalf of herself and other members of the public
against JJF, alleging that her credit card data was compromised during a data breach of the point-of-sale
systems in certain JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants. The plaintiff’s amended complaint alleged she suffered
damages due to what she characterized as insufficient data-security protocols in the point-of-sale systems
and inadequate notification procedures employed after the incident. On March 29, 2016, the court
dismissed all counts in the amended complaint other than those for breach of implied contract and violation
of the Arizona Consumer Fraud Act. The plaintiff’s amended complaint sought money damages, including
unspecified actual, statutory, punitive, restitution, and disgorgement damages; payment for 3 years of
credit-monitoring services; pre- and post-judgment interest; establishment of a fluid recovery fund for
distribution of unclaimed funds; attorneys’ fees and costs; and an injunction against further alleged unlawful
conduct and to implement and maintain what the plaintiff characterized as “adequate security measures.”
On December 6, 2016, the parties entered into a Settlement and Release Agreement, which
provided that the plaintiff would receive a one-time payment of $125,000 in exchange for the plaintiff’s
agreement to dismiss the amended complaint, with prejudice, against JJF and JJE, along with a full release
of claims and covenant not to sue. On December 30, 2016, the court entered the parties’ Stipulation of
Dismissal with Prejudice and terminated the case.
In Re: Jimmy John’s Overtime Litigation (United States District Court for the Northern District of
Illinois, Eastern Division, Case Nos. 14-cv-5509, 15-cv-1681, and 15-cv-6010). On January 14, 2016, the
federal court consolidated the following putative class- and collective-action lawsuits that alleged violations
of the federal Fair Labor Standards Act, misclassifications of employees for overtime requirements,
violations of certain state wage-and-hour statutes, and that JJF was liable under a joint-employer theory for
claimed violations in franchisee-owned Restaurants: Brunner v. Jimmy John’s, LLC, et al., originally filed
in the Northern District of Illinois as Case No. 14-cv-5509; Watson v. Jimmy John’s, LLC, et al., originally
filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio as Case No. 15-cv-768 and
transferred to the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois as Case No. 15-cv-6010;
and Whiton v. Jimmy John’s LLC, et al., originally filed in the Northern District of Illinois as Case No. 15cv-1681. In the consolidated complaints, the plaintiffs sought a declaration that the alleged practices were
unlawful under FLSA and applicable state statutes and that JJF is a joint employer of the members of the
class and collective; unspecified damages, including unpaid wages and overtime compensation under the
FLSA and applicable state statutes; unspecified liquidated damages under the FLSA and applicable state
statutes; unspecified damages for the employers’ share of FICA, FUTA, state unemployment insurance,
and other applicable employment taxes; permanent injunctive relief prohibiting the practice of denying
overtime pay to assistant store managers; pre- and post-judgment interest; and attorneys’ fees and costs. A
collective action was certified in 2016. On June 14, 2018, the court granted the defendants’ Motion for
Partial Summary Judgment as the Court held found the defendants were not joint employers of franchisees
employees. On February 15, 2021, the parties filed a Joint Motion for Approval of Collective Action
Settlement, after agreeing to a settlement that would resolve all claims in the lawsuit (the “Settlement”).
Under the terms of the Settlement, Defendants paid approximately $1,835,000 to resolve all remaining
claims and the parties agreed to a mutual release and the dismissal of the lawsuit. On June 8, 2021, the
Court granted final approval of the proposed settlement, and on June 15, 2021, the Court closed the matter.
People of the State of Illinois v. Jimmy John’s Enterprises, LLC and Jimmy John’s Franchise, LLC
(Circuit Court of Cook County, Chancery Division, Case No. 2016CH07746). On June 8, 2016, the Illinois
Attorney General’s Office (“ILAG”) filed a complaint against JJE and JJF seeking to prevent the continued
use or enforcement with so-called “at-will, low-wage” employees (“Employees”) of JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurants located in Illinois of a form of non-competition agreement the ILAG claimed was void and
unenforceable due to the agreement allegedly not being supported by adequate consideration or narrowly
tailored to protect confidential information. The ILAG sought a declaration that the Employee non-

16
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

