You must obtain the currently approved point-of-sale system provided by and proprietary to
Signature Systems, Inc. The system’s approximate cost is $25,000 to $55,000, and monthly maintenance
and support fees are approximately $250 to $500 depending on the configuration chosen and approved.
The configuration is determined by multiple factors, including whether the Restaurant is a drive-thru
location. This system generates various sales reports, master vouchers, inventory reports, gross-sales
statements, and store-control information reports. The system is intended to include network hardware and
security services to help you achieve Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards compliance, and
validate your compliance as may be periodically required. You must comply with the most current version
of the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards.
You must have an approved online ordering system. The only approved system is provided by
Mobo System, Inc. d/b/a Olo, and costs approximately $150 for the set-up and $75 per month. You also
must purchase certain computer equipment and pay the required monthly fees in order to participate in the
approved JIMMY JOHN’S® customer loyalty program. The equipment costs approximately $800 to
$1,200 depending on the number of card readers, and the monthly fees are approximately $75.
The third parties whose products you buy have no contractual right or obligation to provide ongoing
maintenance, repairs, upgrades, or updates unless you obtain a service contract (as provided above) or a
warranty covers the product.
You must upgrade any computer-based system and/or obtain service and support as we require or
as necessary because of technological developments. There are no contractual limitations on the frequency
and cost of this obligation. We need not reimburse you for any of these costs. We have independent,
unlimited access to the information the system generates. We or our affiliates may condition any license
of proprietary software to you, or your use of technology we or our affiliates develop or maintain, on your
signing the software license agreement or similar document we or our affiliates prescribe to regulate your
use of, and our and your respective rights and responsibilities concerning, the software or technology. We
or our affiliates may charge up-front and ongoing weekly or monthly fees for any proprietary software or
technology licensed to you and for other maintenance and support services provided during the franchise
term. (Franchise Agreement, Section 2.E.)
Opening
We estimate it will be 9 to 12 months after you sign the Franchise Agreement and pay the initial
franchise fee before you open the Restaurant, but the timeframe could be longer depending on your
diligence in the site selection and leasing processes and existing market conditions. You must, within 12
months after the Franchise Agreement’s effective date, secure, by lease or purchase, an acceptable site for
the Restaurant. We have the right to accept or reject the terms of any lease or sublease for the premises. If
you lease the premises, the lease must contain certain terms we periodically require and you and your
landlord must sign our then-current form of Option to Assume Lease agreement. Our current form of Option
to Assume Lease agreement is Exhibit B-5 to this disclosure document. Once you have obtained possession
of an acceptable site, the specific timetable for opening depends on the site’s condition; the Restaurant’s
construction schedule; the extent to which you must upgrade or remodel an existing location; the delivery
schedule for equipment and supplies; existing market conditions; your completing training; and your
complying with local laws and regulations. You may not open the Restaurant until: (1) you pay the initial
franchise fee and other amounts then due to us and key suppliers; (2) we notify you in writing that the
Restaurant meets JIMMY JOHN’S® standards and specifications; (3) pre-opening training (including
required District Manager training) is completed to our satisfaction; (4) you give us certificates for all
required insurance policies; and (5) we notify you in writing that all other JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants
in which you, your owners, or your affiliates have an ownership interest are substantially in compliance
with their franchise agreements. Subject to these conditions, you must open the Restaurant (i) within 16
months after the Franchise Agreement’s effective date, or (ii) on or before the date the lease specifies.

52
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

