JIMMY JOHN’S FRANCHISOR SPV, LLC
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1.

DESCRIPTION OF OPERATIONS
Jimmy John’s Franchisor SPV, LLC (the “Company”) was formed on June 12, 2017 as a Delaware limited liability
company. The Company had no operations before July 7, 2017. The Company is a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of
Jimmy John’s Funding, LLC, (the “JJ Issuer” or “Member”), which is a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Jimmy John’s
SPV Guarantor, LLC, which is a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of JJBC, LLC, which is a direct, wholly owned subsidiary
of Jimmy John’s LLC, which is a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Jimmy John’s Holding Company LLC. Jimmy John's
Holding Company, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of IRB Holding Corp. (“IRB”) whose ultimate parent is Inspire
Brands, Inc. (“Inspire”). The Company offers franchises for the development and operation of restaurants under the Jimmy
John’s ® trademark.

2.

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Basis of Presentation
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States ("GAAP").
Fiscal Year
The Company’s fiscal reporting periods consist of 52 or 53 weeks ending on the Sunday closest to December 31 and are
referred to herein as (1) "the year ended December 29, 2024" or "2024," (2) "the year ended December 31, 2023" or "2023"
and (3) "the year ended January 1, 2023" or "2022." The years 2024, 2023, and 2022 consisted of 52 weeks.
Use of Estimates in the Preparation of the Financial Statements
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements, and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could
differ from those estimates.
Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents
The Company continually monitors its positions with, and the credit quality of, the financial institutions in which it
maintains its deposits and investments. As of December 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company maintained
balances in various cash accounts in excess of federally insured limits. All highly liquid investments with a maturity of three
months or less when acquired are considered cash equivalents.
The Company believes that its vulnerability to risk concentrations in its cash equivalents is mitigated by its policies
restricting the eligibility, credit quality and concentration limits for its placements in cash equivalents.
Restricted cash and cash equivalents primarily consists of cash held to meet certain reserve requirements in conjunction with
the Securitization Transaction as described in Note 3.
Accounts Receivable, net
The Company’s receivables are primarily generated from ongoing business relationships with its franchisees as a result of
franchise agreements.These receivables from franchisees are due within 30 days of the period in which the corresponding
sales occur and are classified as "Accounts receivable, net" on the balance sheets. The Company monitors accounts
receivable and estimates the allowance for credit losses based upon the lifetime expected loss on receivables. These
estimates are based on historical collection experience as well as other factors, including those related to current market
conditions and events. While the Company uses the best information available in making its determination, the ultimate
recovery of recorded receivables is also dependent upon future economic events and other conditions that may be beyond its
control.

-7-

