a Jimmy John’s® Restaurant under the Marks and Franchise System. All initial capitalized terms
used but not defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings set forth in the Existing Franchise
Agreement.
(f)
You desire to develop and operate one or more Jimmy John’s® Restaurants and we,
in reliance on your representations, have approved your franchise application to do so in accordance
with this Agreement.
2.
Grant of Development Rights. Subject to strict compliance with this Agreement, we grant
you the right, and you commit, to develop the number of Jimmy John’s® Restaurants (including the
Jimmy John’s® Restaurant covered by the Existing Franchise Agreement) identified on Exhibit A
and in accordance with the mandatory development schedule described in Exhibit A to this
Agreement (the “Schedule”), within the following geographic area (the “Territory”):
Market
Point #

Territory

City

ST

County

DMA

1.
2.
Jimmy John’s® Restaurants that you (or your affiliates) are permitted to operate at Non-Traditional
Locations (defined below) physically located in the Territory will not count toward your compliance
with the Schedule.
If you (or you Approved Affiliate) are fully complying with all of your (and their) obligations
under this Agreement, the Existing Franchise Agreement, and each franchise agreement then in
effect between us and you (and your Approved Affiliates) for the development and operation of
Jimmy John’s® Restaurants, then during this Agreement’s term, we (and our affiliates) will not,
except in the situations described below, establish or grant to others the right to establish Jimmy
John’s® Restaurants having their physical locations within the Territory.
The exceptions to your exclusive right to establish Jimmy John’s® Restaurants having their
physical locations within the Territory are described in this paragraph. We (or our affiliates) may
pursue opportunities at Non-Traditional Locations and establish and operate, or franchise or license
another to establish and operate, a Jimmy John’s® Restaurant at Non-Traditional Locations. “NonTraditional Location” means any permanent or temporary food service facility that operates (1)
under one or more of the Marks and all or part of the Franchise System, and (2) at locations that do
not feature unlimited and unrestricted access to the general public. Non-Traditional Locations
include, but are not limited to: (a) military bases and other governmental facilities; (b) universities,
schools and other education facilities; (c) airports, train stations, toll plazas and other public or
restricted-access transportation facilities or terminals; (d) stadiums, arenas, theaters and other sports
and entertainment venues; (e) amusement parks, theme parks, museums, zoos, and other similar
public facilities; (f) cafeterias, food courts and other foodservice locations within shopping centers,
shopping malls, office buildings/corporate campuses, industrial buildings, and department stores,
grocery stores, and similar retail stores; (g) hotels, casinos and convention centers; (h) hospitals,
nursing facilities and other medical facilities; and (i) reservations and other sovereign territories.
2
JJF DRA (March 2025)
1621919240.2

