illegal gains, injunctive relief, attorneys’ fees, and costs and expenses. On November 5, 2021, the parties
entered into a Confidential Settlement Agreement and Release under which JJF, JJE and Jimmy John’s
LLC agreed to pay plaintiff a one-time payment of $10,000 in exchange for the plaintiff’s agreement to
dismiss the Complaint, with prejudice, along with a full release of claims and covenant not to sue. On
November 17, 2021, the court entered a Judgment dismissing the action with prejudice.
Martin v. Jimmy John’s Franchise, LLC, et al. (United States District Court for the Western District
of Missouri, Case No. 4:20-cv-00415-RK). On January 4, 2020, an individual filed in the Circuit Court of
Jackson County, Missouri a purported class-action complaint on behalf of herself and other residents of the
State of Missouri against JJF and Jimmy John’s LLC, alleging violation of Missouri’s Merchandising
Practices Act, negligent misrepresentation, and unjust enrichment. On May 27, 20202, Defendants
removed the case to the United States District Court for the Western District of Missouri. The plaintiff
claimed that cookies sold at JIMMY JOHN’S Restaurants should not have been labeled “All-Natural”
because, according to the plaintiff, they contain certain processed, artificial, or non-natural ingredients. The
plaintiff sought unspecified compensatory damages or restitution for herself and the proposed class,
attorneys’ fees, interest, and costs. Plaintiff never filed a Motion for Class Certification. On September
23, 2021, the parties, along with the plaintiffs in the Erwin v. Jimmy John’s LLC, et al. mentioned below,
entered into a Confidential Settlement Agreement and Release under which JJF and Jimmy John’s LLC
agreed to pay all plaintiffs under both cases collectively a one-time settlement of $690,000, covering $5,000
in damages and incentive fees for each plaintiff and $675,000 in lawsuit expenses, in exchange for
dismissing the case and a full release of claims and covenant not to sue. JJF’s supplier funded the settlement
payment pursuant to an indemnification provision in the supplier contract. On October 7, 2021, the court
entered the parties’ Stipulation of Dismissal with Prejudice. On October 8, 2021, the case was dismissed
with prejudice.
Erwin v. Jimmy John’s LLC, et al. (United States District Court for the Southern District of Illinois,
Case No. 3:20-cv-1268). On October 1, 2020, two individuals filed in the Circuit Court of St. Clair County,
Illinois a purported class-action complaint on behalf of themselves and other residents of the State of Illinois
against JJF and Jimmy John’s LLC, alleging violation of the Illinois Consumer Fraud and Deceptive
Business Practices Act, breach of express warranty, and unjust enrichment. On November 25, 2020,
Defendants removed the case to the United States District Court for the Southern District of Illinois. The
plaintiff claimed that cookies sold at JIMMY JOHN’S Restaurants should not have been labeled “AllNatural” because, according to the plaintiffs, they contain certain processed, artificial, or non-natural
ingredients. The plaintiffs sought unspecified compensatory damages or restitution for themselves and the
proposed class, including punitive damages; attorneys’ fees; interest; and costs. On September 23, 2021,
the parties, along with the plaintiff in the Martin v. Jimmy John’s Franchise, LLC, et al. mentioned above,
entered into a Confidential Settlement Agreement and Release under which JJF and Jimmy John’s LLC
agreed to pay all plaintiffs under both cases collectively a one-time settlement of $690,000, covering $5,000
in damages and incentive fees for each plaintiff and $675,000 in lawsuit expenses, in exchange for
dismissing the case and a full release of claims and covenant not to sue. JJF’s supplier funded the settlement
payment pursuant to an indemnification provision in the supplier contract. On October 7, 2021, the court
entered the parties’ Stipulation of Dismissal with Prejudice. On October 8, 2021, the case was dismissed
with prejudice.
Patel v. Jimmy John’s Franchise, LLC (Circuit Court of Cook County, Law Division, Case No.
2020 L 009628). On September 8, 2020, Amit Patel, a shareholder and alleged assignee of Lombardar
Corporation, a former Jimmy John’s franchisee (the “Franchisee”), filed a complaint in the Circuit Court
of Cook County, Illinois against Jimmy John’s Franchise, LLC, alleging claims for breach of contract and
violation of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act (the “IFDA”). The Complaint alleged that, upon the
scheduled expiration of the Franchisee’s initial franchise term, JJF and the Franchisee formed an oral
franchise relationship for the continued operation of the franchise, and the Franchisee claimed that JJF’s
decision not to approve applications submitted by certain prospective transferees of the franchise constitutes

18
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

