use any advertising, promotional, or marketing materials we have not had the opportunity to approve or
have disapproved. In addition, because of the threat that unresolved or unsatisfactorily resolved customer
complaints pose to the JIMMY JOHN’S® brand, we are committed to a 100% customer satisfaction policy.
We reserve the right to receive and facilitate the resolution of complaints bearing on, or otherwise posing a
threat to, the JIMMY JOHN’S® brand. We may resolve those complaints in our sole discretion or refer
the complaints to you for resolution. If we incur costs resolving customer complaints for you, we may seek
reimbursement from you.
You are responsible for developing the Restaurant. You will be given mandatory and suggested
specifications and layouts for a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant, including requirements for exterior design
(including façade, parking lot, sidewalks, and landscaping), dimensions, image, interior design and layout,
decor, Operating Assets, and color scheme. At your option, our affiliates also may provide site and kitchen
layout design services. Our affiliates only offer site layout services to Restaurants that have or will have a
drive-thru. These specifications might not reflect the requirements of any federal, state, or local law, code,
or regulation, including those arising under the Americans with Disabilities Act (“ADA”) or similar rules
governing public accommodations for disabled persons. You are solely responsible for complying with all
such laws, codes, and regulations and must inform us of any changes to the Restaurant’s specifications that
you believe are necessary to ensure such compliance. You must prepare a site survey and all required
construction plans and specifications for the Restaurant’s site and confirm they comply with JIMMY
JOHN’S® requirements, the ADA and similar rules, other applicable ordinances, building codes, permit
requirements, and lease requirements and restrictions. Before beginning the Restaurant construction
process, you must identify your proposed general contractor. That general contractor must have sufficient
experience (in our opinion) constructing similar types of commercial properties. We have the right to accept
your proposed general contractor in writing before you hire it to construct the Restaurant. You may not
hire any general contractor we reject. We may designate the general contractor you must use (with which
you will contract directly) instead of allowing you to choose your own. We must review and approve all
final plans and specifications before you begin constructing the Restaurant and all revised or “as built”
plans and specifications during construction. Our review is only to ensure your compliance with JIMMY
JOHN’S® design requirements. We may inspect the Restaurant during its development. You are
responsible for the performance of architects, contractors, and subcontractors you hire to develop and
maintain the Restaurant and for ensuring that sufficient insurance coverage is in place during the
construction process.
The Restaurant must be at a site we accept. In choosing a Restaurant site, you will be given
information about how, in our and our affiliates’ experience, factors such as demographic characteristics;
traffic patterns; parking; character of neighborhood; competition from, proximity to, and nature of other
businesses; size; appearance; and other physical and commercial characteristics could impact the suitability
of a particular location as a site for a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant. You must give us information and
materials we request concerning the site at which you propose to operate the Restaurant so we can assess,
and determine whether we will accept, that site. We have the right to accept the Restaurant’s lease or
sublease and to require that it include certain provisions, including our and our designee’s right to the
Restaurant’s site if the franchise is terminated or not renewed or you lose possession because of your lease
default. You and your landlord must sign our Option to Assume Lease when you sign your lease.
The Development Rights Agreement does not require you to buy or lease from us (or our affiliates),
our designees, or approved suppliers, or according to our specifications, any goods, services, supplies,
fixtures, equipment, inventory, computer hardware and software, real estate, or comparable items. You
must give us information and materials we request concerning each site at which you propose to operate a
Restaurant so we can assess, and determine whether we will accept, that site.
Collectively, the purchases and leases described above are virtually 100% of your overall purchases
and leases to establish and operate the Restaurant. During the 2024 fiscal year, neither we nor our affiliates

41
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

