materials and programs to solicit new franchise sales. However, media, materials, and programs, including
the franchise system Website, prepared using Fund contributions may describe the JIMMY JOHN’S®
franchise program, reference the availability of franchises and related information, and process franchise
leads. We will prepare an annual, unaudited statement of Fund collections and expenses and give it to you
upon written request. We may (but are not required to) have the Fund audited, at the Fund’s expense, by
an independent certified public accountant. We may incorporate the Fund or operate it through a separate
entity when we think best. The successor entity will have all of the rights and duties described here.
During our 2024 fiscal year, 4.5% of system Gross Sales was paid into the Fund (1.5% allocated
by JJF for creative, production, development, and advertising and 3% allocated by JJF voluntarily to media
purchasing, including media purchasing within certain DMAs (defined below)). Of the creative,
production, development, and advertising monies actually spent during 2024, the breakdown was as
follows:





21% on administrative fees, including legal fees, professional fees, travel, wages, office
expenses, and postage
9% on field marketing, including wages, travel, and training
22 % on producing radio and television advertisements
48% on marketing, advertising, racing, and promotional marketing

During 2024, 77% of the money JJF voluntarily allocated to media purchasing within certain DMAs was
spent for advertising and marketing purposes in such DMAs, and 23% was allocated to the 2025 budget.
The Fund’s principal purposes are to maximize recognition of the Marks, enhance system
protection of the Marks, and increase patronage of JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants. Although we will try
to use the Fund to develop advertising and marketing materials and programs, and to place advertising and
marketing, that will benefit all JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants, we need not ensure that Fund expenditures
in or affecting any geographic area are proportionate or equivalent to Fund contributions by JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurants operating in that geographic area, or that any JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant benefits
from the development of advertising and marketing materials, or the placement of advertising, directly or
in proportion to its Fund contribution. (In other words, the Fund need not spend any specific amount in
your market area.) We may, at the Fund’s expense, use collection agents and institute legal proceedings to
collect Fund contributions. We also may forgive, waive, settle, and compromise all claims by or against
the Fund. We assume no other direct or indirect liability or obligation to you for collecting amounts due
to, maintaining, directing, or administering the Fund.
We may at any time defer or reduce a franchisee’s Fund contributions and, upon 30 days’ prior
written notice to you, reduce or suspend Fund contributions and operations for one or more periods of any
length and terminate (and, if terminated, reinstate) the Fund. If we terminate the Fund, we will at our option
spend all remaining Fund monies on permitted activities or distribute all unspent monies to franchisees, and
to us and our affiliates, in proportion to their, and our, respective contributions during the preceding 12month period.
Your Local Advertising Obligations
In addition to your Fund and Cooperative Program (defined below) contributions, you must spend,
beginning 120 days after you open the Restaurant, at least 0.5% of the Restaurant’s weekly Gross Sales to
advertise and promote your Restaurant locally (including the costs of sampling and special promotions).
At our request, you must send us within 30 days after the end of each month an accounting of your
expenditures, in the manner we require, for local advertising and promotion during the preceding month,
with receipts showing those expenditures. We may designate during the franchise term which expenditures
will, or will not, count toward these required advertising expenditures.

48
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

