expenditures will, or will not, count toward your required advertising expenditures under this
Subsection 9.C.
To protect the goodwill that we and certain of our affiliates have accumulated in the
“JIMMY JOHN’S®” name and other Marks, we reserve the right to review all local advertising
and to ensure that your promotions follow our guidelines. You may not use any advertising,
promotional, or marketing materials we have not had the opportunity to approve or have
disapproved. If you do so, then in addition to our other rights and remedies under this
Agreement, you must pay us a One Thousand Dollar ($1,000) “Unauthorized Advertising” fee
for each violation upon receiving our invoice. This fee compensates us for, among other things,
additional expenses we will incur due to your breach of this restriction. You may not develop,
maintain, or authorize any Website, email address, or user-generated content we have not had the
opportunity to approve or have disapproved that mentions or describes you or the Restaurant,
uses the initials or acronym “jj” (in any font or format), or displays any of the Marks. You agree
that your advertising, promotion, and marketing will be completely clear, factual, and not
misleading and conform to both the highest standards of ethical advertising and marketing and
the advertising and marketing policies we prescribe from time to time. We may require you to
participate in market research and testing and product and service development programs.
D.

COOPERATIVE ADVERTISING PROGRAMS.

(1)
Formation, Membership, and Required Participation. We may identify
a regional Television Broadcast Designated Market Area (“DMA”), as defined by the
Nielsen ratings system or another recognized market-analysis system, in which one (1) or
more JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants are located in order to establish a regional
cooperative advertising program (“Cooperative Program”) for that DMA. The
Cooperative Program’s purpose will be to collect funds from its members and to plan,
discuss, organize, develop, utilize, produce, disseminate, and implement advertising and
promotional programs and materials on a collective basis (and to cover related expenses)
for the sale of Menu Items at JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants located in the DMA.
If we establish a Cooperative Program in your area, you and the Restaurant must
participate in, and will automatically become a member of (without further action), the
Cooperative Program as required below. The members of the Cooperative Program in a
DMA will be all of the JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants located in that DMA, including
those operated by us and our affiliates.
(2)
Manner of Participation. You must appoint one person to represent your
interests at Cooperative Program meetings. The representative must be an owner,
director, officer, or Restaurant manager. The Cooperative Program may rely on that
representative’s decisions, votes, and consents at meetings and in other communications
without further inquiry. One representative may represent you and other franchisees and
multiple JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants as long as he or she has valid proxies or other
authorizations to act in this capacity.

34
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

