employees, agents, successors, and assigns. We will consider your or your owners’ failure to sign
these agreements and releases and to deliver them to us for acceptance and execution (together
with the successor franchise fee) within thirty (30) days after their delivery to you to be an
election not to acquire a successor franchise.
14.

TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT.
A.

BY YOU.

If you and your owners are fully complying with this Agreement and we materially fail to
comply with this Agreement and do not correct the failure within thirty (30) days after you
deliver written notice of the material failure to us or, if we cannot correct the failure within thirty
(30) days, do not give you within thirty (30) days after your notice reasonable evidence of our
effort to correct the failure within a reasonable time (which may extend beyond that thirty (30)
days), you may terminate this Agreement effective an additional thirty (30) days after you deliver
to us written notice of termination. (The time period during which we may cure any alleged
material failure to comply with this Agreement after receiving notice from you is called the
“Cure Period.”) However, if we send you written notice during the Cure Period indicating either
that (1) we do not agree that we have materially failed to comply with this Agreement, or (2) we
have fully corrected the failure, then you may not terminate this Agreement.
Your termination of this Agreement other than according to this Subsection 14.A. will be
deemed a termination without cause and a breach of this Agreement.
B.

BY US.

We may terminate this Agreement, effective upon delivery of written notice of
termination to you, within thirty (30) days after the Effective Date, as provided in Exhibit B. In
addition, we may terminate this Agreement, effective upon delivery of written notice of
termination to you, if:
(1)
you (or any of your owners) have made or make any material
misrepresentation or omission in acquiring the Franchise or operating the Restaurant;
(2)
you do not locate, and sign a Lease or purchase document for, an
acceptable site for the Premises within the time period specified in Subsection 2.A.;
(3)
you do not open the Restaurant, or are not permitted to open the
Restaurant, for business within the time period specified in Subsection 2.F. above, or you
open the Restaurant for business before we notify you in writing that the Restaurant
meets our standards and specifications;
(4)
your Operations Partner does not complete to our satisfaction initial
training or our apprenticeship program;
(5)
you (a) abandon the Restaurant, meaning that you have deserted or walked
away from the Restaurant under circumstances leading us to conclude that you have no
51
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

