5.

The following paragraphs are added to the end of the chart in Item 17:

You must bring any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and
Disclosure Law within 3 years after the grant of the franchise.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by you in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of
(i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by us, any franchise
seller, or any other person acting on our behalf. This provision supersedes any other term
of any document executed in connection with the franchise.
MINNESOTA
1.
The following paragraphs are added at the end of the chart in Item 17 of the
Franchise Disclosure Document:
With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota law, the
franchisor will comply with Minnesota Statutes Section 80C.14, Subds. 3,
4 and 5 which require (except in certain specified cases) that a franchisee
be given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) and 180
days’ notice of non-renewal of the franchise agreement; and that consent
to the transfer of the franchise will not be unreasonably withheld.
Any release as a condition of renewal and/or assignment/transfer
will not apply to the extent prohibited by law with respect to claims
arising under Minn. Rule 2860.4400D.
Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.21 and Minnesota Rule
2860.4400(J) prohibit the franchisor from requiring litigation to be
conducted outside Minnesota, requiring waiver of jury trial, or requiring
the franchisee to consent to liquidated damages, termination penalties or
judgment notes. In addition, nothing in the Franchise Disclosure
Document or agreement(s) can abrogate or reduce any of franchisee’s
rights as provided for in Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C, or franchisee’s
rights to any procedure, forum, or remedies provided for by the laws of the
jurisdiction. However, we and you will enforce these provisions in our
Franchise Agreement to the extent the law allows.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed
to by you in connection with the commencement of the franchise
relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii)
disclaiming reliance on any statement made by us, any franchise seller, or

JJF STATE PAGES (MARCH 2025)
1616274874.2

4

