Company or owned directly or indirectly by a Passive Investment Company, we may
require that training be completed to our satisfaction by specific persons in the Passive
Investment Company’s control group (which will depend on the Passive Investment
Company’s specific structure and may include the ultimate control person, even if that
person will not be involved in the Restaurant’s operations). A “Passive Investment
Company” means an entity (including one or more of its affiliates) whose primary
purpose is to invest at various levels in multiple, varied business opportunities and/or
other profit-generating activities and not either to invest primarily in JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurants or to actively manage or participate in the day-to-day operations of one or
more JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants.
Training will include homework assignments and proficiency examinations that
the participants must successfully complete before they may proceed to the next stage.
Otherwise, the participants must wait and start over at the next available training
program. After completing the training program, attendees must pass both
operations-proficiency and operations-skills tests. As noted above, your Operations
Partner and on-site managers that you have designated to become certified must pass the
operations-proficiency test and receive management certification.
If one of your proposed on-site certified managers has been certified in the past
but has not worked and actively managed shifts at a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant for at
least the past six (6) months, even though he or she might have done so before then, that
manager no longer is considered to be certified and, to be re-certified, must qualify for
and re-attend and complete to our satisfaction the training program for which we in our
sole discretion deem the manager to be qualified (which may be a re-certification
program offered through our learning management system or the one-week or three-week
training program). All employee/trainees working in one of your existing JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurants must, before they will be allowed to attend training to become a
certified manager, successfully complete all team member and manager curriculum
provided by us. The trainees must complete a pre-enrollment test to our satisfaction.
If your Operations Partner cannot complete initial training or the apprenticeship
program to our satisfaction, we may terminate this Agreement.
Your Operations Partner may request additional or repeat training at the end of the
initial training and apprenticeship programs, for which you must pay then applicable
charges, if he or she does not feel sufficiently trained in the operation of a JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurant. We and you will jointly determine the duration of this additional
training. However, if your Operations Partner completes to our satisfaction the initial
training and apprenticeship programs, and does not expressly inform us at the end of
those programs that he or she does not feel sufficiently trained in the operation of a
JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant, then the Operations Partner will be deemed to have been
trained sufficiently to operate a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant.
When the Restaurant is ready to open for business, we will, at our own cost, send
a representative to the Restaurant to assist during its initial opening period. You will
15
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

