B.

WAIVER OF OBLIGATIONS.

We and you may by written instrument unilaterally waive or reduce any obligation of or
restriction upon the other under this Agreement, effective upon delivery of written notice to the
other or another effective date stated in the notice of waiver. Any waiver granted will be without
prejudice to any other rights we or you have, will be subject to continuing review, and may be
revoked at any time and for any reason effective upon delivery of ten (10) days’ prior written
notice.
We and you will not waive or impair any right, power, or option this Agreement reserves
(including, without limitation, our right to demand compliance with every term, condition, and
covenant or to declare any breach to be a default and to terminate this Agreement before its term
expires) because of any custom or practice that varies from this Agreement’s terms; our or your
failure, refusal, or neglect to exercise any right under this Agreement or to insist upon the other’s
compliance with this Agreement, including, without limitation, any Brand Standard; our waiver
of or failure to exercise any right, power, or option, whether of the same, similar, or different
nature, with other JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants; the existence of franchise agreements for
other JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants that contain provisions different from those contained in
this Agreement; or our acceptance of any payments due from you after any breach of this
Agreement. No special or restrictive legend or endorsement on any check or similar item given
to us will be a waiver, compromise, settlement, or accord and satisfaction. We are authorized to
remove any legend or endorsement, which then will have no effect.
Neither we nor you will be liable for loss or damage or be in breach of this Agreement if
our or your failure to perform our or your obligations results from: (1) compliance with the
orders, requests, regulations, or recommendations of any federal, state, or municipal government;
(2) acts of God; (3) fires, strikes, embargoes, war, acts of terrorism or similar events, or riot; or
(4) any other similar event or cause. Any delay resulting from any of these causes will extend
performance accordingly or excuse performance, in whole or in part, as may be reasonable,
except these causes will not excuse payments of amounts owed at the time of the occurrence or
payment of Royalties or Fund and Cooperative contributions due afterward.
C.

COSTS AND ATTORNEYS’ FEES.

If we incur costs and expenses (both internal and external) due to your failure to pay
when due amounts owed to us, to submit when due any reports, information, or supporting
records, or otherwise to comply with this Agreement, you agree to reimburse us for all of the
costs and expenses (both internal and external) that we incur, including, without limitation,
reasonable accounting, attorneys’, arbitrators’, and related fees. Your obligation to reimburse us
arises whether or not we begin a formal legal proceeding against you to enforce this Agreement.
If we do begin such a formal legal proceeding against you, the reimbursement obligation applies
to all costs and expenses we incur preparing for, commencing, and prosecuting the legal
proceeding and until the proceeding has come to a complete end (including appeals and
settlements).

64
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

