our sole determination) with the Franchise System, including the action specified in Section
15.B.(4) below.
C.

RESTAURANT DEVELOPMENT.

You are responsible for developing the Restaurant. We will give you mandatory and
suggested specifications and layouts for a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant, including requirements
for exterior design (including façade, parking lot, sidewalks, and landscaping), dimensions,
image, interior design and layout, decor, fixtures, equipment, signs, furnishings, and color
scheme. These plans might not reflect the requirements of any federal, state, or local law, code,
or regulation, including those arising under the Americans with Disabilities Act (the “ADA”) or
similar rules governing public accommodations for disabled persons. You must prepare a site
survey and all required construction plans and specifications to suit the Premises and confirm
that such plans and specifications comply with our requirements, the ADA and similar rules,
other applicable ordinances, building codes, permit requirements, and Lease requirements and
restrictions. You are solely responsible for complying with all such laws, codes, and regulations
and must inform us of any changes to the Restaurant’s specifications you believe are necessary to
ensure such compliance. We own the plans and all adaptations of the plans for your Restaurant.
The Restaurant’s layout and design are in our sole judgment.
Before beginning the Restaurant construction process, you must identify your proposed
general contractor. That general contractor must have sufficient experience (in our opinion)
constructing similar types of commercial properties. We have the right to accept your proposed
general contractor in writing before you hire it to construct the Restaurant. You may not hire any
general contractor we reject. We may designate the general contractor you must use (with which
you will contract directly) instead of allowing you to choose your own.
You agree to send us construction plans and specifications for review before you begin
constructing the Restaurant and all revised or “as built” plans and specifications during
construction. Because our review is limited to ensuring your compliance with our design and
layout requirements, our review might not assess compliance with federal, state, or local laws
and regulations, including the ADA, as compliance with these laws is your responsibility. You
must inform us of any changes to the Restaurant’s specifications you believe are necessary to
ensure such compliance. We may inspect the Premises while you are developing the Restaurant.
You (and not we) are responsible for the performance of architects, contractors, and
subcontractors you hire to develop and maintain the Restaurant and to ensure that sufficient
insurance coverage is in place during the construction process.
You agree to do the following, at your own expense, to develop the Restaurant at the
Premises:
(1)

secure all financing required to develop and operate the Restaurant;

(2)
obtain all required building, utility, sign, health, sanitation, business, and
other permits and licenses;
8
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

