property that bears or displays the Marks (unless the Marks are readily removable from such
property) and must advise your proposed lenders of this restriction.
You agree to display the Marks prominently as we prescribe at the Restaurant and on
vehicles, uniforms, forms, advertising, supplies, and other materials we designate. To the extent
you use any Mark in employment-related materials, you must include a clear disclaimer that you
(and only you) are the employer of employees at the Restaurant and that neither we, as the
franchisor of JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants, nor our affiliates, are their employer, and we and
our affiliates do not engage in any employment-related activities for which only franchisees are
responsible, such as employee selection, training, compensation, promotion, discipline, and
termination. You agree to give the notices of trade and service mark registrations we specify and
to obtain any fictitious or assumed name registrations required under applicable law.
C.

NOTIFICATION OF INFRINGEMENTS AND CLAIMS.

You agree to notify us immediately of any apparent infringement or challenge to your use
of any Mark, or of any person’s claim of any rights in any Mark or any confusingly similar
trademark, and not to communicate with any person other than us, our affiliates, and our and
their attorneys, and your attorneys, regarding any infringement, challenge, or claim. We may take
the action we deem appropriate (including no action) and control exclusively any litigation, U.S.
Patent and Trademark Office proceeding, or other administrative proceeding concerning any
Mark. You agree to sign any documents and take any other reasonable action that, in the opinion
of our attorneys, are necessary or advisable to protect and maintain our interests in any litigation
or Patent and Trademark Office or other proceeding or otherwise to protect and maintain our
interests in the Marks. We will reimburse your costs for taking any requested action.
D.

DISCONTINUANCE OF USE OF MARKS.

If it becomes advisable at any time in our opinion for us and/or you to modify,
discontinue using and/or replace any Mark and/or to use one or more additional, substitute, or
replacement trade or service marks together with or in lieu of any previously designated Mark,
you agree to comply with our directions within a reasonable time after receiving notice. We need
not reimburse your direct expenses of changing the Restaurant’s signs, any loss of revenue due to
any modified or discontinued Mark, or your expenses of promoting a modified or substitute
trademark or service mark.
Our rights in this Subsection D apply to any and all of the Marks (and any portion of any
Mark) this Agreement authorizes you to use. We may exercise these rights at any time and for
any reason, business or otherwise, we think best. You acknowledge both our right to take this
action and your obligation to comply with our directions.
E.

INDEMNIFICATION FOR USE OF MARKS.

We agree to reimburse you for all damages and expenses you incur or for which you are
liable in any proceeding disputing your authorized use of any Mark under this Agreement,
provided your use has been consistent with this Agreement, the Confidential Operations Manual,
22
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

