The following paragraph is added to the end of Item 17 of the Franchise Disclosure Document:
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by you in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the
effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law,
including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement
made by us, any franchise seller, or any other person acting on our behalf. This
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with
the franchise.
MARYLAND
1. The following language is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(c),
entitled Requirements for franchisee to renew or extend, and Item 17(m), entitled Conditions
for franchisor approval of transfer:
Any release required as a condition of renewal and/or assignment/transfer will not
apply to any liability under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure
Law.
2. The following language is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17(h),
entitled “Cause” defined – non-curable defaults:
Termination upon insolvency might not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy
law (11 U.S.C. Section 101 et seq.), but we will enforce it to the extent
enforceable.
3. The following language is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17(v),
entitled Choice of forum:
Franchisee may, subject to any arbitration obligations, bring an action in
Maryland for claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and
Disclosure Law to the extent required by the Maryland Franchise Registration and
Disclosure Law, unless preempted by the Federal Arbitration Act.
4. The following language is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17(w),
entitled Choice of law:
; however, to the extent required by the Maryland Franchise Registration and
Disclosure Law, subject to any arbitration obligations, you may bring an action in
Maryland.

JJF STATE PAGES (MARCH 2025)
1616274874.2

3

