E.

COMPUTER SYSTEM.

You agree to obtain and use the integrated computer hardware and/or software we
specify, including an integrated computer-based point-of-sale system, “back office” system,
dedicated telephone and power lines, modems, printers, and other computer-related accessories
and peripheral equipment (the “Computer System”). We may modify specifications for and
components of the Computer System. You also agree to maintain a functioning email address.
Our modification of Computer System specifications, and/or other technological developments
or events, might require you to purchase, lease and/or license new or modified computer
hardware and/or software and to obtain service and support for the Computer System. Although
we cannot estimate the future costs of the Computer System or required service or support, and
although these costs might not be fully amortizable over this Agreement’s remaining term, you
agree to obtain the computer hardware and software comprising the Computer System (or
additions and modifications) and required service or support. Within sixty (60) days after we
deliver notice to you, you agree to obtain the Computer System components we designate and
ensure that your Computer System, as modified, is functioning properly. We have no obligation
to reimburse your Computer System costs. You may not use any unapproved Computer System.
You agree that we or our affiliates may condition any license of proprietary software to
you, or your use of technology that we or our affiliates develop or maintain, on your signing the
software license agreement or similar document we or our affiliates prescribe to regulate your
use of, and our and your respective rights and responsibilities with respect to, the software or
technology. We and our affiliates may charge you up-front and ongoing weekly or monthly fees
for any proprietary software or technology we or they license to you and for other maintenance
and support services provided during this Agreement’s term.
Despite the fact you agree to buy, use, and maintain the Computer System according to
our standards and specifications, you have sole and complete responsibility for: (1) the
acquisition, operation, maintenance, and upgrading of the Computer System; (2) the manner in
which your Computer System interfaces with our and any third party’s computer system; (3) any
and all consequences if the Computer System is not properly operated, maintained, and
upgraded; and (4) complying at all times with the most current version of the Payment Card
Industry Data Security Standards, and validating compliance with those standards as may be
periodically required. The Computer System must permit twenty-four (24) hours per day, seven
(7) days per week electronic communications between you and us, including access to the
Internet and our then-current intranet or extranet (if applicable).
F.

RESTAURANT OPENING.

You agree not to open the Restaurant for business to the public until:
(1)

you pay all amounts then due to us and key suppliers;

(2)
we notify you in writing that the Restaurant meets our standards and
specifications (although our acceptance is not a representation or warranty, express or
implied, that the Restaurant complies with any engineering, licensing, environmental,
10
JJF FA (March 2025)
1616274875.6

