Development Rights Agreement
You may (if you qualify) develop and operate a number of JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants within
a specific area (the “Territory”). We and you will identify the Territory in the Development Rights
Agreement before signing it. The Territory typically is a city, cities, or other political subdivisions. We
base the Territory’s size primarily on the number of JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants you agree to develop,
demographics, and site availability. We and you will negotiate the number of Restaurants you must develop
(no less than 3), the dates by which you must develop them, and the dates by which you must sign each
franchise agreement in order to maintain your development rights. We and you then will complete the
schedule in the Development Rights Agreement before signing it. JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants that you
(or your affiliates) are permitted to operate at Non-Traditional Locations (defined below) in the Territory
will not count toward your compliance with your development schedule.
While the Development Rights Agreement is in effect, we (and our affiliates) will not, except in
the situations described below, establish or grant to other franchisees the right to establish other JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurants having their physical locations within the Territory. There are no other restrictions
on us (or our affiliates). You may not develop or operate JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants outside the
Territory. We may terminate the Development Rights Agreement if you do not satisfy your development
obligations when required. We will evaluate the proposed locations of your additional Restaurants
according to the same criteria, and following the same process, described earlier.
This paragraph describes the exceptions referenced above to your exclusive right to establish and
operate JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants having their physical locations within the Territory. If:


we become aware during the Development Rights Agreement term of one or more
opportunities to establish and operate a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant at a physical
location within the Territory for which that location’s owner or manager sets financial,
experience, or organizational standards for an acceptable operator (for example, a
national or multi-regional concessionaire) that you do not and cannot satisfy when the
opportunity becomes available, or



you otherwise cannot gain access to that location because it is a Non-Traditional
Location (for example, (a) military bases and other governmental facilities; (b)
universities, schools and other education facilities; (c) airports, train stations, toll
plazas and other public or restricted-access transportation facilities or terminals; (d)
stadiums, arenas, theaters and other sports and entertainment venues; (e) amusement
parks, theme parks, museums, zoos, and other similar public facilities; (f) cafeterias,
food courts and other foodservice locations within shopping centers, shopping malls,
office buildings/corporate campuses, industrial buildings, and department stores,
grocery stores, and similar retail stores; (g) hotels, casinos and convention centers; (h)
hospitals, nursing facilities and other medical facilities; and (i) reservations and other
sovereign territories.) (the locations referenced in these bullet points are referred to
collectively as “Non-Traditional Locations”),

then we (or our affiliates) may pursue the opportunity for that Non-Traditional Location Venue and
establish and operate, or franchise or license another to establish and operate, a JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurant at that Non-Traditional Location. Our, our affiliate’s, or another franchisee’s or licensee’s
establishment and operation of a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant at a Non-Traditional Location in the
Territory will not count toward your compliance with your development schedule. JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurants that you (or your affiliates) are permitted to operate at Non-Traditional Locations physically
located in the Territory likewise will not count toward your compliance with the development schedule.
Because of our rights with respect to Non-Traditional Locations, you will not receive an exclusive territory

61
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

