Jimmy John’s® Restaurants that we, our affiliates, another franchisee or licensee, or you (or your
affiliates) establish and operate at Non-Traditional Location physically located in the Territory will
not count toward your compliance with the Schedule.
The location exclusivity described above for Jimmy John’s® Restaurants (with the noted
exceptions) is the only restriction on our (and our affiliates’) activities within the Territory during the
term of this Agreement. You acknowledge and agree that we and our affiliates (and any business that
acquires our assets or ownership interests) have the right to engage, and grant to others the right to
engage, in any other activities of any nature whatsoever within the Territory, including, without
limitation, those reserved in the Existing Franchise Agreement. After this Agreement expires or is
earlier terminated, regardless of the reason for termination, we and our affiliates (and any business
that acquires our assets or ownership interests) have the right, without any restrictions whatsoever, to
(a) establish, and grant to others the right to establish, Jimmy John’s® Restaurants having their
physical locations within the Territory, and (b) continue to engage, and grant to others the right to
engage, in any other activities that we and our affiliates (and any business that acquires our assets or
ownership interests) desire within the Territory.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE UNDER THIS
AGREEMENT, AND YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, ARE SUBJECT TO
TERMINATION (WITHOUT ANY CURE OPPORTUNITY) IF YOU DO NOT COMPLY
STRICTLY WITH THE DEVELOPMENT OBLIGATIONS PROVIDED IN THE SCHEDULE.
WE MAY ENFORCE THIS AGREEMENT STRICTLY.
3.
Development Obligations. To maintain your rights under this Agreement, you (and/or your
Approved Affiliates) must sign franchise agreements for, and then construct, develop, and have open
and operating within the Territory, the number of Jimmy John’s® Restaurants identified in Exhibit A
by the dates specified in the Schedule. If your owners establish a new legal entity to operate one or
more of the Jimmy John’s® Restaurants to be developed and opened pursuant to this Agreement and
that new legal entity’s ownership is completely identical to your ownership, that legal entity
automatically will be considered an “Approved Affiliate” without further action. However, if the
new legal entity’s ownership is not completely identical to your ownership, you first must seek our
approval to allow that new entity to develop and operate the proposed Jimmy John’s® Restaurant.
You (and/or your Approved Affiliate) will operate each Jimmy John’s® Restaurant under a
separate franchise agreement with us. The franchise agreement and related documents (including a
personal guaranty) that you and your owners (or your Approved Affiliate and its owners) must sign
for each Restaurant developed pursuant to this Agreement will be our then-current form of franchise
agreement and related documents (including a personal guaranty), any or all of the terms of which
may differ substantially and materially from any or all of the terms contained in the Existing
Franchise Agreement, although the initial franchise fee will be Thirty-Five Thousand Dollars
($35,000). Despite any contrary provision contained in the newly-signed franchise agreements, your
additional Jimmy John’s® Restaurants within the Territory must be open and operating by the dates
specified in the Schedule. To retain your development rights under this Agreement, each Jimmy
John’s® Restaurant developed pursuant to this Agreement must operate continuously throughout this
Agreement’s term in full compliance with its franchise agreement.

3
JJF DRA (March 2025)
1621919240.2

