ADDENDUM TO
THE JIMMY JOHN’S FRANCHISOR SPV, LLC
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
The following are additional disclosures for the Franchise Disclosure Document of Jimmy
John’s Franchisor SPV, LLC as required by various state franchise laws. Each provision of these
additional disclosures will only apply to you if the applicable state franchise registration and
disclosure law applies to you.
NO WAIVER OF DISCLAIMER OF RELIANCE IN CERTAIN STATES
The following provision applies only to franchisees and franchises that are subject to the state
franchise disclosure laws in California, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, Michigan,
Minnesota, New York, North Dakota, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington or
Wisconsin:
No statement, questionnaire or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by
you in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have
the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law,
including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement
made by us, any franchise seller, or any other person acting on behalf of us. This
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with
the franchise.
CALIFORNIA
1. The following language is added to the end of Item 1:
To the extent it is applicable, you must comply with California Assembly Bill 1228, codified
at Cal. Lab. Code §§ 1474-1475 (the “Fast Food Act”), which may set health, safety, and
employment standards related to your employees, including standards on minimum wages,
working hours, and working conditions.
2. The following language is added to the end of Items 5, 6, and 11:
We currently do not provide any training or assistance related to, or charge any initial or
ongoing fees related to, the development or implementation of any standards, policies, or
procedures that may be required under the Fast Food Act. It is solely your responsibility to
determine whether the Fast Food Act applies to your franchise and, to the extent it does
apply, to comply with the Fast Food Act when developing and constructing your Restaurant,
operating your franchise, and training and supervising your employees.

JJF STATE PAGES (MARCH 2025)
1616274874.2

