contain (including the email addresses of our franchisees); and any other confidential or proprietary
information that is marked as confidential upon disclosure or within 30 days afterward or that, by its nature,
should reasonably be understood to be confidential.
All ideas, concepts, techniques, or materials concerning a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant, whether
or not protectable intellectual property and whether created by or for you or your owners or employees,
must be promptly disclosed to us and will be deemed to be our sole and exclusive property, part of the
system, and works made-for-hire for us. To the extent any item does not qualify as a “work made-for-hire”
for us, through the Franchise Agreement you assign ownership of that item, and all related rights to that
item, to us and must take whatever action (including signing assignment or other documents) we request to
show our ownership or to help us obtain intellectual-property rights in the item.
You may not use our confidential information in an unauthorized manner. You must adopt and
implement reasonable steps to prevent its improper disclosure to others, including restricting its use to
Restaurant personnel and others needing to know the confidential information to operate the Restaurant,
and using non-disclosure agreements with those having access to confidential information. We reserve the
right to pre-approve the forms of non-disclosure agreements you use solely to ensure that you adequately
protect confidential information. Under no circumstances will we control the forms or terms of employment
agreements you choose to use with your employees or otherwise be responsible for your labor relations or
employment practices. You must keep copies of non-disclosure agreements and send them to us upon
request solely for us to confirm your compliance with your confidentiality obligations.
You must always keep your written copy of, and other tangible materials comprising, the
Confidential Operations locked in the Restaurant’s safe except when they are in use. You may never
remove the Confidential Operations from the Restaurant or copy, duplicate, or distribute them in any
manner.
ITEM 15

OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE
FRANCHISE BUSINESS

You must at all times faithfully, honestly, and diligently perform your contractual obligations and
use best efforts to promote and enhance the Restaurant and the JIMMY JOHN’S® brand. Brand Standards
may regulate the Restaurant’s minimum staffing levels necessary to meet those Brand Standards, certified
manager training, and uniform dress code. Neither we nor our affiliates have any control or authority over
your labor relations, including, among other things, employee selection, training, promotion, termination,
discipline, hours worked, rates of pay, benefits, work assigned, or working conditions, or any other control
over your employment practices. Restaurant employees are under your control at the Restaurant. You must
communicate clearly with Restaurant employees in your employment agreements, human resources
manuals, written and electronic correspondence, paychecks, and other materials that you (and only you) are
their employer and that neither we, as the franchisor of JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants, nor our affiliates,
are their employer.
Unless you are a Sophisticated Franchisee, you must have an “Operations Partner” to manage the
Restaurant on-site on a day-to-day basis, and the Operations Partner must own, on a fully-vested basis from
the beginning of his or her association with you, at least 5% of your ownership. We must accept your
proposed Operations Partner. If you are a Sophisticated Franchisee, you must at all times during the term
of this Agreement have a general manager whom we approve to manage the Restaurant on-site on a dayto-day basis. The Operations Partner (or general manager, if you are a Sophisticated Franchisee) must attend
and complete to our satisfaction the full training and apprenticeship programs.
Except as stated above, your on-site managers (except your Operations Partner, unless you are a
Sophisticated Franchisee) need not have an equity interest in the Restaurant or you. You must adopt and

65
JJF FDD (07/2025)
1621190396.3

