 
 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC  
13 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
 
4916-3889-4373 
want to purchase above that which we required.  We may change the required coverage upon notice 
to you.  
13. 
You must pay all dues and subscriptions associated with various administrative services such as 
bookkeeping, payroll processing, accounts payable and receivables functions, file sharing, and e-
mail hosting. 
14. 
You may find it necessary to retain an attorney to review the real estate lease, the franchise documents, 
or to assist in forming a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, or other entity.  You may 
also retain an accountant or advisor for advice in establishing and operating your franchise and filing 
necessary tax forms and returns. 
15. 
We have based the estimates provided in the tables above upon our experience in establishing and 
operating Cupbop® company-owned Restaurants. These miscellaneous start-up costs are our best 
estimate of such costs as your initial working capital, employee payroll (including training your 
initial staff), rent, utilities, ongoing inventory and supplies, and unexpected expenses. You may have 
additional expenses. Your actual costs will depend on your management skill, the prevailing wage 
rate, local variables, your experience and business acumen, your sales figures during the three-
month period, your ability to follow the Cupbop® system, and local market and economic 
conditions.  
YOUR ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT 
(AREA DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT) 
Type of 
Expenditure 
Amount 
Method of 
Payment 
When Due 
To Whom 
Payment 
Is to Be Made 
Development Fee  
(Note 1) 
$160,000 - 
$610,000 
Lump Sum  
Upon signing Area 
Development 
Agreement 
Us 
Totals 
$160,000 - 
$610,000 
 
 
 
 
The amounts payable to us are nonrefundable. 
1. Your development fee will vary, depending on the number of Restaurants you agree to develop 
under your Area Development Agreement.  The development fee you must pay is determined by 
the number of Restaurants you agree to develop according to the following schedule: $40,000 as 
the initial fee for the first Restaurant, plus $30,000 for each additional Restaurant.  The development 
fee is equal to the initial franchise fee for each Restaurant you agree to develop, and you will not 
be required to pay any additional initial franchise fee when you execute the Franchise Agreement 
for the Restaurants developed pursuant to the Area Development Agreement.  The typical number 
of Stores that we anticipate in any given Area Development Agreement is between five to twenty. 
As an example, if you agree to open five Restaurants, your development fee would be $160,000.  
The number of Restaurants that we anticipate granting under a single Area Development 
