 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
78 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
2. SITE SELECTION, LEASE OF PREMISES, AND DEVELOPMENT AND 
OPENING OF RESTAURANT.  
a. SITE SELECTION. 
If Franchisee has not secured a site for the Premises as of the Effective Date, then within 
one hundred twenty (120) days after the Effective Date Franchisee agrees to purchase, or sign a 
lease for, a suitable site for the Restaurant. Franchisee agrees to obtain Cupbop’s written 
acceptance of the Restaurant’s proposed site before signing any lease, sublease, or other document 
for the site. Cupbop will use reasonable efforts to help analyze the market area, to help determine 
site feasibility, and to assist in designating the location, although Cupbop will not conduct site 
selection activities for Franchisee. It is Franchisee’s responsibility to locate a site for the Premises 
that satisfies Cupbop’s site selection criteria. Cupbop will not unreasonably withhold its 
acceptance of a site that meets its criteria for demographic characteristics; traffic patterns; parking; 
character of neighborhood; competition from and proximity to other businesses; other commercial 
characteristics; and size, appearance, and other physical characteristics. 
Franchisee agrees to send Cupbop a description of the proposed site, including a summary 
of the items listed above, along with a letter of intent or other evidence confirming the prospects 
for obtaining the proposed site. Cupbop will accept or reject the proposed site within thirty (30) 
business days after receiving the written proposal. After a site is secured, Cupbop will insert the 
address on Exhibit A and Franchisee will sign the Exhibit. Franchisee may operate the Restaurant 
only at the Premises, although Franchisee may cater products prepared at the Premises to 
customers located within the Protected Territory if it complies with the System Standards for 
catering services. 
If no site is found by Franchisee and accepted by Cupbop within one hundred twenty (120) 
days after the Effective Date, then, upon written notice from either Party, this Agreement will be 
terminated. 
b. LEASE OF PREMISES. 
All leases for the Premises of the Restaurant must be approved by Cupbop prior to the 
signing of any lease and must include the lease addendum attached hereto as Exhibit D.  Cupbop 
has the right to accept or reject the terms of any lease or sublease for the Premises (the “Lease”) 
before Franchisee signs it.  Franchisee must provide Cupbop a copy of the signed, approved lease 
within fifteen (15) days of its execution. 
c. DEVELOPMENT. 
Franchisee is responsible for developing the Restaurant. Cupbop will give Franchisee 
mandatory and suggested specifications and layouts for a Cupbop Restaurant, including 
requirements for exterior design (including façade, parking lot, sidewalks, and landscaping), 
dimensions, image, interior design and layout, decor, fixtures, equipment, signs, furnishings, and 
color scheme. These plans might not reflect the requirements of any federal, state, or local law, 
code, or regulation, including those arising under the Americans with Disabilities Act (the “ADA”) 
or similar rules governing public accommodations for disabled persons. Franchise must prepare a 
site survey and all required construction plans and specifications to suit the Premises and to make 
sure these plans and specifications comply with its requirements, the ADA and similar rules, other 
applicable ordinances, building codes, permit requirements, and Lease requirements and 
