 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
89 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
than 12 months) by a restrictive covenant in an agreement with Cupbop, any of Cupbop’s affiliates, 
or a franchisee without obtaining the existing or former employer’s prior written permission and 
giving Cupbop a copy. To the extent allowable under applicable law, Franchisee agrees to restrict 
its own employees, as a condition of their employment with Franchisee, from becoming a partner 
of or investor/owner with, or working for, another Cupbop franchisee for at least twelve (12) 
months after they leave Franchisee’s employment and to advise them that other Cupbop franchisees 
are contractually prohibited by Cupbop from recruiting them as partners or investors/owners, or 
from hiring them, for at least twelve (12) months after they leave Franchisee’s employment 
(regardless of the reason for their departure). If any of Cupbop’s affiliates or franchisees is the 
affected employer under this Subsection due to Franchisee’s actions, that affiliate or franchisee will 
be a third party beneficiary of this provision with an independent right to enforce it against 
Franchisee. If Franchisee engages in these prohibited activities, Cupbop may elect to terminate this 
Agreement under Section 15(B); 
e. divert or attempt to divert any actual or potential business or customer of 
the Restaurant to a Competing Business; or 
f. engage in any other activity that might injure the goodwill of the Marks and Franchise 
System. 
The term “Competing Business” means (i) a business offering products or services the 
same as or substantially similar to a Cupbop Restaurant in any capacity, territory or location, 
including without limitation any restaurant offering traditional and/or modern Korean barbecue, 
and Korean and other Asian cuisine; or (ii) any business whose gross sales total more than 10% in 
any of the following products: rice cups, salads, chicken wings, potstickers, and other Asian food 
and beverage, or other business offering products or services competitive to those of Cupbop.  
Franchisee agrees to obtain similar covenants from the personnel Cupbop specifies, 
including officers, directors, managers (including General Managers), and employees attending 
Cupbop’s training program or having access to Confidential Information. Cupbop has the right to 
regulate the form of agreement that Franchisee uses and to be a third party beneficiary of that 
agreement with independent enforcement rights. Franchisee must keep copies of those agreements 
and send them to Cupbop upon request. 
9. SYSTEM STANDARDS. 
a. COMPLIANCE WITH SYSTEM STANDARDS. 
Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that operating and maintaining the Restaurant 
according to System Standards are essential to preserve the goodwill of the Marks and all Cupbop 
Restaurants. Therefore, Franchisee agrees at all times to operate and maintain the Restaurant 
according to all of the System Standards, as Cupbop periodically issues, modify, and supplement 
them, even if Franchisee believes that a System Standard, as originally issued or subsequently 
modified, is not in the franchise system’s or the Restaurant’s best interests. Franchisee 
acknowledges that the modifications to the System Standards may obligate Franchisee to invest 
additional capital in the Restaurant and to incur higher operating costs. Although Cupbop retains 
the right to establish and periodically modify System Standards that Franchisee has agreed to 
maintain, Franchisee retains the right to control, and responsibility for, the day-to-day management 
and operation of the Restaurant and implementing and maintaining System Standards at the 
Restaurant. 
