 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC   
145 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
Exhibit D:   Area Development Agreement 
4916-3889-4373 
(1) 
fails to comply with any requirement in this Agreement not listed in Subsection 
7(a) above prescribed by Cupbop within 30 days after notice is delivered to Developer; 
(2) 
fails to furnish reports, financial statements, tax returns or any other documentation 
required by the provisions of this Agreement and does not correct such failure within 15 days 
following notice; or 
(3) 
fails to make payments to Cupbop for any amounts due within 10 days after notice 
is delivered to Developer. 
c. 
Cross Default.  Any default by Developer under any other agreement between Cupbop or 
its affiliates as one party and Developer or any of Developer’s members or any of its or their affiliates as 
the other party that is material as to permit Cupbop to terminate, or declare a default under, such other 
agreement shall be deemed to be a default of this Agreement, and Cupbop shall have the right, at its option, 
to terminate this Agreement, effective immediately upon notice to Developer. 
d. 
Limits.  The description of any default in any Cupbop notice to Developer shall not 
preclude Cupbop from specifying additional or supplemental defaults in any action or proceeding under 
this Agreement. 
8. 
OBLIGATIONS UPON TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION 
a. 
Obligations.  Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement for any reason:  
(1) 
Developer’s rights under this Agreement shall cease and Developer is no longer 
entitled to exercise the Development Rights; 
(2) 
Developer shall immediately and for all time thereafter, cease to represent that 
Developer is a developer of Cupbop Restaurants, except as allowed under any then-effective 
Franchise Agreements; 
(3) 
At Developer’s sole expense, Developer must return all Confidential Information 
in Developer’s possession or control, except the Confidential Information that Developer is 
permitted to use under any then-effective Franchise Agreements; 
(4) 
Developer shall pay immediately all sums due to Cupbop and its affiliates under 
this Agreement (if any); and 
(5) 
Developer shall comply with all provisions of this Agreement that survive its 
termination and expiration. 
b. 
Survival of Obligations.  The expiration or termination of this Agreement shall not relieve 
Developer of any of its obligations to Cupbop existing at the time of such expiration or termination, or 
terminate Developer’s obligations that, by their nature, survive the expiration or termination of this 
Agreement. The expiration or termination of this Agreement shall be without prejudice to Cupbop’s rights 
against Developer. Cupbop has no obligation to inform Developer of its obligations or of the termination 
of any of Developer’s rights under this Agreement. 
