 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
95 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
f. ADVISORY COUNCIL. 
Franchisee agrees to participate actively in any Cupbop National or Regional Advisory 
Franchisee Council (“Council”) that Cupbop designates. A Council’s purpose includes exchanging 
ideas and problem-solving methods, advising Cupbop on expenditures for advertising, and 
coordinating franchisee efforts. Franchisee agrees to pay all assessments that the Council levies, 
and Cupbop may enforce this obligation on the Council’s behalf. Amounts and expenditures 
periodically may vary due to variations in Council participation and costs, as determined by a 
particular Council and approved by Cupbop. Cupbop may form a national Council at any time or 
a regional Council when more than one (1) franchisee operates a Cupbop Restaurant in any given 
region, the boundaries of which Cupbop may determine. 
11. RECORDS, REPORTS, AND AUDITS. 
a. REPORTING AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 
Franchisee agrees to use Cupbop’s required bookkeeping and accounting systems, 
relating, without limitation, to the use and retention of sales checks, cash register tapes, purchase 
orders, invoices, payroll records, check stubs, sales tax records and returns, cash receipts, 
disbursement journals and general ledgers, as may be specified in the Confidential Operations 
Manual, and all data must be input at least monthly. Franchisee is solely responsible for the cost 
of such bookkeeping or accounting systems. Currently, the required system is QuickBooks Online. 
Franchisee agrees to give Cupbop in the manner and format that Cupbop prescribes from time to 
time: 
i. on or before the 10th day of each month, a report on the Restaurant’s Gross Sales 
during the preceding calendar month; 
ii. within twenty-eight (28) days after the end of each calendar month, the operating 
statements, profit and loss and other financial statements, statistical reports, and 
other information Cupbop requests regarding Franchisee and the Restaurant 
covering the previous months and, if requested, the fiscal year to date; 
iii. (i) an annual income statement and balance sheet covering the Restaurant’s entire 
fiscal year, due within twenty-eight (28) days after the end of the Restaurant’s 
fiscal year and (ii) a mid-year income statement and balance sheet covering the 
first half of the Restaurant’s fiscal year, due within twenty-eight (28) days after the 
halfway point of the Restaurant’s fiscal year; and 
iv. within ten (10) days after Cupbop’s request, exact copies of federal and state 
income tax returns, sales tax returns, purchase records, and any other forms, 
records, books, and other information Cupbop periodically requires relating to the 
Restaurant and the Franchise. 
Franchisee agrees to verify and sign each report and financial statement in the manner 
Cupbop prescribes. Cupbop may disclose data derived from these reports. Moreover, Cupbop may, 
as often as it deems appropriate (including on a daily basis), access the Computer System and 
retrieve all information relating to the Restaurant’s operation. 
Franchisee agrees to preserve and maintain all records in a secure location at the 
Restaurant during this Agreement’s term and for at least three (3) years afterward (including, but 
