 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
55 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit B – Financial Statements 
 
4916-3889-4373 
 
 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
Notes to Financial Statements 
December 31 2024 and 2023 
Note 1. 
Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
Nature of Operations 
Cupbop Fr.Ylehise. UC (the eon,,any) was organized on Novet'ri)er 14. 20 4 under the laws of estate of Utah 
as a Utah corporation. Effective December 3 . 20 6. the Company converted to an UC. 
The Company is a franchise company for the Cupbop Company. The Company grants franchisees the right to 
opera:e a physical storefrcn loca1ion and/ex a mobile food truck. using the Cupbop name and rnarl<.s. 
Use of Estimates 
The preparation of financial su:ements in con.'orrrity with accounting principles genera 
accep:ed in the U ·.ed 
Sla:es oi America requires manageme,c 
make estimates and assU'llp ·ons that affect the reported amounts of 
ass~ and 
rties and disclosure of oon ·ogent assets and Ii 
ities a: the date of the financial statements and 
the reponed amounts of revenues and expenses duriog the reporting period. Acru results could differ from those 
estimates. 
The use of eS1im3tes is pervasive throughout these financial statements. Key es1imates made in me 
aCCOlll)3tlying financi 
statements include. among others. 
nces for credit losses rela:ed to doubtfu 
aCOCUlts receivable. The curreni economic environment has ina"eased the degree of unoertainty inherent in these 
estimates and assumptions. 
Accounts Receivable 
.Accol.nts receivable are stated at the amount billed to customers plus any accrued and unpaid in:eres The 
Company provides an allcmance for cre<frt losses, which is based pon a review of outstanding receivables. 
his orical 
ection infonnation and existing econonic conditions. 
kcxx.nts receivable are ordinarily due 30 days after the issuance of the inll0ice. Accounts past due more than 
120 days are considered d inquent. In:~ continues to aocrue on delinquent aCOCUlts until the accoum is past 
due more th 
one year. at which time • 
st accrual ceases and does not resume urcil the accouit is no longer 
dassified as delinquent. Credit loss expense related ro d 
uent receivables 
e written off based on individ 
credit ev uation and specific circumstances of the customer. 
credit loss expense was incurred during the 
years ended Dec 
31. 2024 ex 2023. 
Contract Liabilities 
Contraa Ii 
ities represen· the Company's obligation to transfer goods ex services to a customer 
en 
consideration has 
ady been received from the customer. These consist primarily oi deferred franchise fee 
revenues on the balance sheets. 
Property and Equipment 
Property and equipment acquisitions are stated a: cost. less aocumJlated depreciation and amortiz&ion. 
Depreciation and amortiz.ation 
e charged to expense a, the Slraight-line lxlsis <Ner the estimated useful Ii e of 
eachassa 
The estimated use. 
lives for each major depreciable dassification d property and equipment are as follows: 
Website developmen• 
Furniture and fixnres 
3years 
3years 
7 
