 
 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC  
26 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
 
4916-3889-4373 
Marks or any other name or trademarks without compensation to you. Neither we nor any affiliate currently 
has any plan to operate or franchise any business under any other trademark that offers similar services but 
reserve the right to do so in the future. Unless you enter into an area development agreement, you are not 
given any options, rights of first refusal or any other similar right to acquire additional franchises. 
Area Development 
If you qualify, you may be granted the right to develop and operate multiple Cupbop® Restaurants within 
a specific development area designated prior to entering into a Area Development Agreement.  We will 
agree upon the specific number of Restaurants and the timeline for opening each Restaurant.  The size of 
the development area is determined based on the number of Cupbop® Restaurants you agree to operate and 
demographic information such as area income figures, traffic patterns, population density, competition, 
zoning, parking, zip codes, site profiles, etc.  We will approve the location and territory for each Restaurant 
to be opened pursuant to the Area Development Agreement according to our then-current standards of site 
approval and territories.  We will not establish or operate or grant other franchisees the right to establish or 
operate other Cupbop® Restaurants in the development area you are granted over the term of the Area 
Development Agreement. However, we or our affiliates may establish Non-Traditional Venues and sell 
through other channels of distribution in your development area.  You may not operate or establish a 
Cupbop® Restaurant outside of the development area you are granted.  We may terminate the Area 
Development Agreement if you fail to meet the development schedule outlined in the addendum but may 
not otherwise alter your development area during the term of the Area Development Agreement.  
ITEM 13: 
TRADEMARKS 
We grant you the right to use the name “Cupbop.” You may also use other marks which we develop or 
prescribe to identify your business and its services and products. By mark or trademark, we mean trade names, 
trademarks, service marks, and logos used to identify your business, its services and its products. 
Cupbop Co. owns, and we have the right to allow you to use pursuant to the License Agreement, the rights to 
the following registration with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO):  
Mark 
Registration/Application 
Number 
Registration/Application 
Date 
cupbop 
4757198 
June 16, 2015 
 
5289813 
September 19, 2017 
KOREAN BBQ IN A CUP 
6720588 
May 3, 2022 
SHHH… JUST EAT! 
90699546 
June 21, 2022 
 
90699530 
July 19, 2022 
I~ lllaml 
r~R 
CUPBO 
~ 
.. ~.S,J,,-
