 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
106 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
16. RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS UPON TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION OF 
THIS AGREEMENT. 
a. PAYMENT OF AMOUNTS OWED TO CUPBOP. 
Within fifteen (15) days after this Agreement expires or is terminated, or on any later date 
that Cupbop determines the amounts due to Cupbop, Franchisee agrees to pay Cupbop the 
Royalties, Fund contributions, late fees, interest, and all other amounts owed to Cupbop (and its 
affiliates) which then are unpaid. 
b. MARKS. 
Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement: 
i. Franchisee may not directly or indirectly at any time or in any manner (except with 
other Cupbop Restaurants Franchisee owns and operates) identify itself in any 
business as a current or former Cupbop Restaurant or as one of Cupbop’s current 
or former franchisees; use any Mark, any colorable imitation of a Mark, or other 
indicia of a Cupbop Restaurant in any manner or for any purpose; or use for any 
purpose any trade name, trade or service mark, or other commercial symbol that 
indicates or suggests a connection or association with Cupbop; 
ii. within fifteen (15) days, Franchisee agrees to take the action required to cancel all 
fictitious or assumed name or equivalent registrations relating to its use of any 
Mark; 
iii. if Cupbop does not have or do not exercise an option to purchase the Restaurant 
under Subsection E below, Franchisee agrees, at its own cost and without any 
payment from Cupbop for such items, to deliver to Cupbop, to make available to 
Cupbop for pick-up, or to destroy (at its option), in any case within twenty (20) 
days, all signs, sign-faces, sign-cabinets, marketing materials, menu-boards, 
forms, and other materials Cupbop requests containing any Mark or otherwise 
identifying or relating to a Cupbop Restaurant. If Franchisee fails to do so 
voluntarily when Cupbop requires, then Cupbop or its representatives may enter 
the Premises at its convenience and remove these items from the Restaurant 
without liability to Franchisee or third parties for trespass or any other claim. 
Franchisee must reimburse Cupbop’s costs of doing so; 
iv. if Cupbop does not have or do not exercise an option to purchase the Restaurant 
under Subsection E below, Franchisee agrees within the timeframe Cupbop 
specifies, and at its sole expense, to distinguish the Premises clearly from its 
former appearance and from other Cupbop Restaurants in order to prevent public 
confusion and protect the Marks and the Cupbop brand. These closing steps and 
alterations include, but are not limited to, painting the walls, ceiling, and soffits 
white; removing the wall and floor tile and all bricks on wall; removing all lighting 
fixtures (such as track lighting, fluorescent wall washers, spot lights, and ceiling 
fans); and removing equipment, small wares, counter tops, and cabinets. If 
Franchisee fails to take the closing steps and make the alterations voluntarily when 
Cupbop requires, then Cupbop or its representatives may enter the Premises at its 
convenience and take this action without liability to Franchisee or third parties for 
trespass or any other claim. Franchisee must reimburse Cupbop’s costs of de-
