 
 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC  
14 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
 
4916-3889-4373 
Agreement is subject to our sole discretion depending on location and specific market conditions, 
including but not limited to, population density, demographics, competition, and number of current 
Cupbop Restaurants in the desired area. 
You will incur costs for each Restaurant you commit to develop under your Area Development 
Agreement.  Refer to the costs outlined in the first table above for the estimated initial investment 
for each Restaurant. 
ITEM 8: 
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
To maintain quality and uniformity among all Cupbop® Restaurants, you must at all times offer and sell 
only approved menu items that meet the specifications and standards we designate in our operations manual 
and through other communications with you.  You are required to obtain products from us, our affiliates, 
or from sources we approve or according to our specifications, as outlined below. 
Required Purchases and Suppliers 
You are required to purchase our proprietary, specially-formulated and produced sauces and marinades 
(which are used in numerous of our menu items that you will be required to offer), proteins, and branded 
paper products (including bowls and cups) from Cupbop Co.  Other food and non-food products branded 
and/or packaged exclusively for use in Cupbop® Restaurants must be purchased from us, our affiliates or 
approved third party suppliers.  We restrict these items' sources to protect trade secrets and other intellectual 
property rights, assure quality, assure a reliable supply of products meeting our standards, achieve better 
purchase terms and delivery service, control use of the Marks by third parties, and monitor the 
manufacturing, packaging, processing, and sale of these items.  Other than our parent, Cupbop Co., none 
of our officers own an interest in any supplier. 
We reserve the right to require that you purchase from us, our affiliates or other third party approved 
suppliers other food and beverage products not prepared using our proprietary products or not branded or 
packaged exclusively for us as well as all required furniture, fixtures, and equipment, including our 
computer and point-of-sale system.  We have the right to limit the suppliers with whom you deal.  We or 
our affiliates may receive revenue from these purchases and may profit from the sale and distribution of 
items sold to you. 
We reserve the right to add or remove approved suppliers for any item that you are required to purchase, 
including our proprietary items. You will be provided a list of our approved suppliers, which will be updated 
from time to time.  We evaluate, approve, or disapprove suppliers based on suppliers who demonstrate to 
us with continued reasonable satisfaction: (1) an ability to meet our standards and specifications, (2) possess 
adequate quality control and the capacity to supply our franchisees’ needs promptly and reliably, and (3) 
who have been approved by us in our manuals or otherwise in writing. If you would like us to approve a 
different supplier, you are required to submit to us a written request to approve a proposed supplier together 
with such information as we may reasonably require, including financials, total sales figures, written 
references, etc. We also reserve the right to require that our representative be permitted to inspect the 
suppliers’ facilities and that samples from the supplier be delivered for our evaluation and testing, either to 
us or to an independent testing facility designated by us. A charge not to exceed the reasonable cost of the 
evaluation and testing is required to be paid by the franchisee whether or not the supplier is approved. We 
will notify you in writing of our approval or disapproval of the proposed supplier and the criteria for our 
approval and disapproval within 30 days after our receipt of your request and completion of the evaluation 
and testing. We may revoke approval for a supplier at any time upon 30 days’ written notice to you. 
