 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC   
141 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
Exhibit D:   Area Development Agreement 
4916-3889-4373 
c. 
Development Area.  Developer must open and operate all Franchises granted under this 
Agreement within the Development Area. Provided that Developer is in full compliance with this 
Agreement, each Franchise Agreement, and all other agreements with Cupbop, Cupbop will not, during the 
Term, establish, operate, or license any other party to establish or operate a Cupbop Restaurant within the 
Development Area, as outlined in Exhibit A. Developer will not receive any exclusive rights or 
Development Area regarding soliciting customers. Except as provided above, Developer may face 
competition from other franchisees or other channels of distribution. 
d. 
Reservation of Rights.  Cupbop reserves all rights that it does not grant to Developer and 
it is not restricted in any manner from engaging in any business activity whatsoever that is not expressly 
prohibited by this Agreement or any Franchise Agreement. For example, and without limiting the foregoing, 
Cupbop reserves the right to: (i) own and operate, and authorize others to own and operate Cupbop 
Restaurants outside the Development Area during and after the Term or within the Development Area after 
the Term; (ii) use its name, promote Cupbop Restaurant branded services, and sell Cupbop branded products 
over the internet and other means of electronic communication that are developed in the future, whether 
inside or outside of the Development Area; (iii) establish, in the future, whether inside or outside of the 
Development Area, other franchises or company-owned outlets to conduct a similar program or to sell 
similar services or products under a different trademark, or do so through a different channel of distribution; 
(iv) acquire the assets or ownership interests of businesses, whether inside or outside of the Development 
Area; (v) be acquired or become controlled by any other business, whether inside or outside of the 
Development Area; (vi) operate or grant any third party, whether inside or outside of the Development 
Area, the right to operate any Cupbop Restaurants that Cupbop or Cupbop designees acquire as a result of 
the exercise of a right of first refusal or purchase right under this Agreement or any Franchise Agreement. 
This Agreement does not give Developer any right to franchise, license, subfranchise, or sublicense others 
to operate Cupbop Restaurants. Only Developer (and/or approved affiliated entities) may construct, 
develop, open, and operate Cupbop Restaurants pursuant to this Agreement. This Agreement also does not 
give Developer (or Developer’s affiliated entities) any independent right to use Cupbop’s Marks or other 
intellectual property. The right to use the Marks is granted only under a Franchise Agreement signed 
directly with Cupbop. This Agreement only grants Developer potential Development Rights if Developer 
complies with its terms. 
2. 
DEVELOPER DUTIES 
a. 
Best Efforts; No Delegation.  At all times during the Term of this Agreement, Developer 
shall use its best and continuing efforts to exercise the Development Rights in strict compliance with this 
Agreement and with the Development Schedule outlined in Exhibit A.  Developer may not subcontract or 
delegate any of its obligations under this Agreement to any third parties. 
b. 
Business Entity.  If Developer is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, or 
other form of business entity, Developer agrees and represents that:  
(1) 
Developer’s owners and their interests in Developer as of the Effective Date are 
set forth on Exhibit B; and 
(2) 
Developer will designate, in writing, an individual with at least 20% ownership in 
Developer (the “Managing Developer”) using Exhibit B.  The Managing Developer must be 
approved by Cupbop and must have the authority to deal with Cupbop on Developer’s behalf in all 
matters arising under or relating to this Agreement.  Cupbop is not obligated to discuss this 
Agreement or the Development Rights with any of Developer’s owners or managers other than the 
Managing Developer.  
