 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC   
147 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
Exhibit D:   Area Development Agreement 
4916-3889-4373 
d. 
Attorneys’ Fees.  In the event any action or claim is brought by either Party to enforce its 
rights under this Agreement (including any agreement to participate in binding arbitration), the prevailing 
Party in any such action shall be entitled to recover from the non-prevailing party all reasonable fees, costs, 
and expenses of counsel (at pre-trial, trial and appellate levels). If Cupbop is required to seek injunctive 
relief against Developer, or if Developer does not comply with the obligations upon termination or 
expiration of the Agreement and Cupbop is required to enjoin Developer’s continued activities, Developer 
must reimburse Cupbop its reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs in obtaining such injunctive or related relief. 
e. 
Independent Contractors.  The Parties are independent contractors, and no agency, 
partnership, joint venture, or employee-employer relationship is intended or created by this Agreement. 
Neither Party shall make any warranties or representations on behalf of the other Party. 
f. 
Waiver.  Any Party to this Agreement may extend the time for or waive the performance 
of any of the obligations of the other, waive any inaccuracies in the representations or warranties by the 
other, or waive compliance by the other with any of the covenants or conditions contained in this 
Agreement.  Any such extension or waiver shall be in writing and signed by the Parties.  No such waiver 
shall operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent act or omission of the Parties. 
g. 
Severability.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any one or more of the words, phrases, 
sentences, clauses, or sections contained in this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of 
the remaining provisions of this Agreement or any part of any provision, all of which are inserted 
conditionally on their being valid in law, and in the event that any one or more of the words, phrases, 
sentences, clauses or sections contained in this Agreement shall be declared invalid or unenforceable, this 
Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid or unenforceable word or words, phrase or phrases, sentence 
or sentences, clause or clauses, or section or sections had not been inserted or shall be enforced as nearly 
as possible according to their original terms and intent to eliminate any invalidity or unenforceability.   
h. 
Waiver of Jury Trial.  EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY 
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL 
PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT. 
i. 
Survival.  All covenants, agreements, representations, and warranties made in this 
Agreement or otherwise made in writing by any party pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the execution 
and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 
j. 
Execution in Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original. 
11. 
ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  This agreement and its exhibits constitute the entire agreement of the 
Parties and there are no other written or oral understandings between the Parties related to the subject matter 
of the agreement, except that Developer acknowledges that Cupbop has relied on Developer’s 
representations made prior to execution of this agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, noting in this 
Agreement is intended to disclaim any representation in the Franchise Disclosure Document. 
[Signature page to follow] 
 
