 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
102 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
deficiencies. 
If Cupbop elects not to grant Franchisee a successor franchise, Cupbop’s notice to 
Franchisee will describe the reasons for its decision. If Cupbop elect to grant Franchisee a 
successor franchise, Franchisee’s right to acquire a successor franchise is subject to Franchisee’s 
full compliance with all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement through the date of its 
expiration, in addition to Franchisee’s compliance with the obligations described in Cupbop’s 
notice. 
If Cupbop’s notice to Franchisee states that Franchisee must cure certain deficiencies of 
the Restaurant or its operation as a condition to its granting Franchisee a successor franchise, 
Cupbop will give Franchisee written notice of its decision not to grant Franchisee a successor 
franchise, based upon Franchisee’s failure to cure those deficiencies, at least ninety (90) days 
before this Agreement expires. However, Cupbop need not give Franchisee this ninety (90) days’ 
notice if Cupbop decides not to grant Franchisee a successor franchise due to its breach of this 
Agreement during the ninety (90) day period before it expires.  
If Cupbop fails to give Franchisee notice of deficiencies in the Restaurant, or in the 
operation of the Restaurant, within ninety (90) days after it receives Franchisee’s timely election 
to acquire a successor franchise (if Cupbop elects to grant Franchisee a successor franchise); or 
notice of its decision not to grant Franchisee a successor franchise at least ninety (90) days before 
this Agreement expires, if this notice is required, Cupbop may unilaterally extend this Agreement’s 
term for the time period necessary to give Franchisee either reasonable time to correct deficiencies 
or the ninety (90) days’ notice of Cupbop’s refusal to grant a successor franchise. If Franchisee 
fails to notify Cupbop of its election to acquire a successor franchise within the prescribed time 
period, Cupbop need not grant Franchisee a successor franchise. 
15. TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT.  
a. BY FRANCHISEE. 
If Franchisee and its owners are fully complying with this Agreement and Cupbop 
materially fails to comply with this Agreement and do not correct the failure within thirty (30) 
days after Franchisee delivers written notice of the material failure to Cupbop or, if Cupbop cannot 
correct the failure within ninety (90) days, does not give Franchisee within ninety (90) days after 
Franchisee’s notice reasonable evidence of its effort to correct the failure within a reasonable time 
(which may extend beyond that ninety (90) days), Franchisee may terminate this Agreement 
effective an additional thirty (30) days after Franchisee delivers to Cupbop written notice of 
termination. However, if Cupbop sends Franchisee written notice during the cure period indicating 
either that (1) Cupbop does not agree that it has materially failed to comply with this Agreement 
or (2) Cupbop has fully corrected the failure, then Franchisee may not terminate this Agreement. 
Instead, if Franchisee disagrees with Cupbop’s position and still wish to terminate this Agreement, 
Franchisee agrees to submit the dispute to arbitration in accordance with Subsection 18(D)(2) 
below. 
This Agreement will remain in full force and effect during the arbitration proceeding 
(unless Cupbop terminates it under Subsection B below). If the arbitrators determine that Cupbop 
is materially failing to comply with this Agreement, or that it did not fully correct a material failure 
to comply, then Cupbop will have an additional thirty (30) days following the arbitrators’ decision 
to correct the failure. If Cupbop fails to do so, then Franchisee may terminate this Agreement 
immediately. 
