 
 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC  
21 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
 
4916-3889-4373 
We will provide recommendations and consult with you regarding the prices to be charged at your 
Restaurant, but you are responsible for establishing the actual prices you charge. 
Advertising 
You may use your own advertising materials after we have approved them in writing, provided that you 
may not obtain or use a domain name, or develop and operate its own website, social media website, mobile 
application, or other similar application in connection with your Cupbop Restaurant, including, but not 
limited to, TikTok, Facebook, Yelp, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest and YouTube that in any way references 
Cupbop without our prior written approval, which may be withheld by us for any or no reason.  We may, 
at our option, provide pre-designed ads/marketing material for your Restaurant, however we have no 
obligation to spend any amount on advertising in the area in which you are located.  
Restaurants are currently required to spend a minimum of 0.5% of your monthly Gross Sales on local 
advertising. We may require you to spend up to 1% of your monthly Gross Sales on local advertising.  
Restaurants must pay to us a monthly advertising fund contribution of up to 4.5% of your Restaurant’s 
Gross Revenues.  Currently, you are required to pay 2% of your Restaurant’s Gross Revenues.  We will 
notify you of any changes to the percentage you must pay to the advertising fund.  Cupbop® Restaurants 
owned by us or an affiliate pay into the advertising fund at the same rate as franchisees.  All other Cupbop® 
Restaurants owned by us or an affiliate outside of Utah contribute advertising fees on the same basis as 
similarly situated Restaurants operated by franchisees. You must pay marketing fees monthly by pre-
authorized electronic bank transfer, at the same time that you pay Royalties. 
We will administer the advertising fund contributions we collect and direct all advertising programs 
financed by the advertising fees, and have the right to determine the creative concepts, materials, and 
endorsements used and the geographic, market, and media placement and allocation. We will account for 
the advertising fund contributions separately from our other funds, although we are not required to establish 
a separate bank account for those fees.  We have the right to use the advertising fund contributions to defray 
the salaries, administrative costs, and overhead we and an affiliate may incur in activities related to our 
advertising programs, including conducting market research, preparing advertising, promotion and 
marketing materials, and collecting and accounting for the contributions.  On your prior written request, we 
will make available to you an annual statement of amounts collected and costs incurred for the advertising 
fund.  No independent audit is required with this statement or the advertising fund contributions we collect.  
We do not use the advertising fund contributions to solicit new franchise sales. 
We generally attempt to expend all advertising fund contributions we collect during the year in which the 
contributions are received, however, any amounts collected but not spent in the fiscal year in which they 
were accrued will be carried forward to the following fiscal year.  We may spend in any fiscal year an 
amount greater or less than the aggregate advertising fund contributions collected in that year and we may 
make loans on behalf of the advertising fund bearing reasonable interest to cover any deficits in the amount 
of advertising fund contributions collected, and cause future collections to be applied first, at our discretion, 
to any outstanding loans we have made on behalf of advertising programs.   
Although we will endeavor to utilize the advertising fund to develop advertising and marketing materials 
and programs and to place advertising that will benefit all Cupbop® Restaurants, we cannot ensure you that 
our expenditure of the advertising fund in or affecting any geographic area will be proportionate or 
equivalent to the contributions paid to us by Cupbop® Restaurants operating in that geographic area or that 
any specific Cupbop® Restaurant will benefit directly or in proportion to the advertising fund contributions 
