 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
91 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
If Cupbop adopts a coupon, gift, loyalty, or other discount program, Franchisee will be 
required to implement and pay for the program at the Restaurant, such implementation may include 
access to a bank account, established by Franchisee, for charges made at other Cupbop 
Restaurants. 
Franchisee agrees that System Standards Cupbop prescribes in the Brand Standards 
Manual or otherwise communicate to Franchisee in writing or another tangible form (for example, 
via email, intranet, extranet, or Website), are part of this Agreement as if fully set forth within its 
text. All references to this Agreement include all System Standards as periodically modified. 
b. MODIFICATION OF SYSTEM STANDARDS. 
Cupbop periodically may modify System Standards, which may accommodate regional or 
local variations, and these modifications may obligate Franchisee to invest additional capital in 
the Restaurant and/or incur higher operating costs. Franchisee agrees to implement any changes 
in System Standards within the time period Cupbop requests, whether they involve refurbishing 
or remodeling the Premises or any other aspect of the Restaurant, buying new furniture, fixtures, 
equipment and signs, adding new Menu Items and services, or otherwise modifying the nature of 
Franchisee’s operations, as if they were part of this Agreement as of the Effective Date. 
c. NON-COMPLIANCE FEE. 
Franchisee acknowledges the importance of operating the Restaurant in full compliance 
with this Agreement and the System Standards set forth in the Brand Standards Manual or 
otherwise communicated to Franchisee. Franchisee further acknowledges that its deviation from 
any contractual requirement, including any System Standard, is a violation of this Agreement and 
will require Cupbop to incur additional administrative and management costs to address the 
violation. Franchisee agrees to pay Cupbop Five Hundred Dollars ($500) for each deviation from 
a contractual requirement, including any System Standard and an additional Five Hundred Dollars 
($500) for each additional day that the deviation continues (the “Non-Compliance Fee”). The Non-
Compliance Fee is deemed by Cupbop and Franchisee to be a reasonable estimate of Cupbop’s 
administrative and management costs. Cupbop may debit Franchisee’s account for Non-
Compliance Fees, or set off monies otherwise due and payable to Franchisee, to cover the payment 
of Non-Compliance Fees. Non-Compliance Fees are due and payable to Cupbop within five (5) 
days after Cupbop notifies Franchisee that it is charging the Non-Compliance Fee due to 
Franchisee’s violation. Cupbop needs not give Franchisee an opportunity to cure before charging 
the Non-Compliance Fee. Charging the Non-Compliance Fee does not preclude Cupbop from 
seeking other relief available to it under applicable law, including but not limited to, putting 
Franchisee in default and terminating this Agreement under Section 15(B), or exercising any of 
Cupbop’s other rights under this Agreement. 
10. MARKETING. 
a. GRAND OPENING ADVERTISING. 
Franchisee must spend at least Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000) to advertise and promote 
the Restaurant during its first ninety (90) to one hundred twenty (120) days of operation. 
Franchisee will comply with Cupbop’s guidelines for any grand opening advertising program 
Franchisee chooses to conduct. 
