 
 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC  
v 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
 
4916-3889-4373 
MICHIGAN STATE COVER PAGE 
CUPBOP FRANCHISE, LLC 
THE STATE OF MICHIGAN PROHIBITS CERTAIN UNFAIR PROVISIONS THAT ARE 
SOMETIMES IN FRANCHISE DOCUMENTS.  IF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING PROVISIONS ARE 
IN THESE DOCUMENTS, THE PROVISIONS ARE VOID AND CANNOT BE ENFORCED AGAINST 
YOU. 
1. 
A prohibition on the right of a franchisee to join an association of franchisees. 
2. 
A requirement that a franchisee assent to a release, assignment, novation, waiver, or estoppel which 
deprives a franchisee of rights and protections provided in this act. This shall not preclude a 
franchisee, after entering into a franchise agreement, from settling any and all claims. 
3. 
A provision that permits a franchisor to terminate a franchise prior to the expiration of its term 
except for good cause. Good cause shall include the failure of the franchisee to comply with any 
lawful provision of the franchise agreement and to cure such failure after being given written notice 
thereof and a reasonable opportunity, which in no event need be more than 30 days, to cure such 
failure. 
4. 
A provision that permits a franchisor to refuse to renew a franchise without fairly compensating 
the franchisee by repurchase or other means for the fair market value at the time of expiration of 
the franchisee's inventory, supplies, equipment, fixtures, and furnishings. Personalized materials 
which have no value to the franchisor and inventory, supplies, equipment, fixtures, and furnishings 
not reasonably required in the conduct of the franchise business are not subject to compensation. 
This subsection applies only if: (i) The term of the franchise is less than 5 years and (ii) the 
franchisee is prohibited by the franchise or other agreement from continuing to conduct 
substantially the same business under another trademark, service mark, trade name, logotype, 
advertising, or other commercial symbol in the same area subsequent to the expiration of the 
franchise or the franchisee does not receive at least six-months advance notice of franchisor's intent 
not to renew the franchise. 
5. 
A provision that permits the franchisor to refuse to renew a franchise on terms generally available 
to other franchisees of the same class or type under similar circumstances. This section does not 
require a renewal provision. 
6. 
A provision requiring that arbitration or litigation be conducted outside this state. This shall not 
preclude the franchisee from entering into an agreement, at the time of arbitration, to conduct 
arbitration at a location outside this state. 
7. 
A provision which permits a franchisor to refuse to permit a transfer of ownership of a franchise, 
except for good cause. This subdivision does not prevent a franchisor from exercising a right of 
first refusal to purchase the franchise. Good cause shall include, but is not limited to: 
(i) 
The failure of the proposed transferee to meet the franchisor's then current reasonable 
qualifications or standards. 
(ii) 
The fact that the proposed transferee is a competitor of the franchisor or subfranchisor. 
