 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
49 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit B – Financial Statements 
 
4916-3889-4373 
 
 
Forvis Mazars, LLP 
250 E. 200 S., Su,te 1200 
Salt Lake City, UT 8'.111 
P 801.531.9100 I F 801.531.9147 
forvismazars.us 
Member and Management 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
Taytors -ue, Utah 
Opinion 
Independent Auditor's Report 
forv,s 
mazars 
We have audited the financial statements of Cupbop Franchise, LLC (the Company) (a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Cupbop Co.), which comprise the balance sheets as of De<:ember 31, 2024 and 2023, and 
the related statements of income, changes in men ber's equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, 
and the related notes to the financi sta ements. 
In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements presen fairly, in au material respects, the financial 
position of the Company as of December 31 , 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its 
cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the 
United States of America. 
Basis for Opinion 
We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accep ed in the United States 
of America (GAAS). Our responsibilities under those standards are further desaibed in the "Auditor's 
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements• section of our report. We are required to be 
independent of the Company and o meet our other ethical responsibilities, in accordance with the 
relevant ethical requirements relating to our audits. We be6eve tha the audit evidence we have obtained 
is sufficient and appropria e to provide a basis for our audit opinion. 
Responsibiliries of Managemem for rile Financial Sraremenrs 
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in 
accordance with accounting principles generally accep ed in the United States of America, and for the 
design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the prepara ·on and fair 
presentation of financial statements tha are free from material misstatemen whether due to fraud or 
error. 
In preparing the financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are oonditions or 
events, considered in the aggrega e, that raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue 
as a going concern within one year after the date that these financial statements are available to be 
issued or within one year after the dale that these financial sta ements are available to be issued. 
FONis Mazars. UP is an independer« member of Fonris Mazar.. Global Limted 
