 
 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC  
vi 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
 
4916-3889-4373 
(iii) 
The unwillingness of the proposed transferee to agree in writing to comply with all lawful 
obligations. 
(iv) 
The failure of the franchisee or proposed transferee to pay any sums owing to the franchisor 
or to cure any default in the franchise agreement existing at the time of the proposed 
transfer. 
8. 
A provision that requires the franchisee to resell to the franchisor items that are not uniquely 
identified with the franchisor. This subdivision does not prohibit a provision that grants to a 
franchisor a right of first refusal to purchase the assets of a franchise on the same terms and 
conditions as a bona fide third party willing and able to purchase those assets, nor does this 
subdivision prohibit a provision that grants the franchisor the right to acquire the assets of a 
franchise for the market or appraised value of such assets if the franchisee has breached the lawful 
provisions of the franchise agreement and has failed to cure the breach in the manner provided in 
subdivision (3). 
9. 
A provision which permits the franchisor to directly or indirectly convey, assign, or otherwise 
transfer its obligations to fulfill contractual obligations to the franchisee unless provision has been 
made for providing the required contractual services. 
If our most recent financial statements are unaudited and show a net worth of less than $100,000.00, you 
may request that we arrange for the escrow of initial investment and other funds you paid until our pre-
opening obligations to provide real estate, improvements, equipment, inventory, training, or other items 
including in the franchise offering are fulfilled.  At our option, a surety bond may be provided in place of 
escrow. 
THE FACT THAT THERE IS A NOTICE OF THIS OFFERING ON FILE WITH THE ATTORNEY 
GENERAL DOES NOT CONSTITUTE APPROVAL, RECOMMENDATION, OR ENDORSEMENT 
BY THE ATTORNEY GENERAL. 
Any questions regarding this notice should be directed to the State of Michigan Consumer Protection 
Division, Attn:  Franchise Bureau at 525 West Ottawa Street, G. Mennen Williams Building, 7th Floor, 
Lansing, MI 48933 or by telephone at (517) 373-7117. 
 
 
