 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
76 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
“Restaurant”) using the System Standards (the “Franchise”).  Throughout the Term, Franchisee 
agrees to operate the Franchise in compliance with this Agreement and the System Standards as 
they may be changes, improved, and further developed from time to time by Cupbop. Franchisee 
further agrees at all times to faithfully, honestly, and diligently perform its obligations under this 
Agreement and to use its best efforts to promote the Restaurant. 
b. PREMISES AND PROTECTED TERRITORY. 
The Restaurant may be operated only at the location approved and authorized by Cupbop 
(the “Premises”).  Franchisee will be granted a geographic territory wherein it may provide 
catering services (the “Protected Territory”).  The Premises and Protected Territory will be set 
forth on Exhibit A.  If Franchisee has not selected a site as of the Effective Date, Franchisee must 
complete Exhibit A upon selection of the Premises.  During the term of this Agreement and 
provided Franchisee is in compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Cupbop 
will not (i) modify the Protected Territory without Franchisee’s written permission, or (ii) locate 
either a company-owned or franchised Cupbop business within the Protected Territory.  Franchisee 
may provide catering services in areas adjacent to the Protected Territory, provided that such 
services are not within the protected territory of another Cupbop franchisee, and the catering 
services may reasonably be provided from the Premises, provided that Franchisee may not provide 
any service outside of the Protected Territory without prior written approval from Cupbop prior to 
providing such service, which approval may be granted or denied in its sole discretion. 
Notwithstanding the above, Franchisee expressly acknowledges that all Cupbop restaurants, 
regardless of whether owned by Cupbop or a third party, may solicit and sell products to customers 
regardless of their geographic location, including customers located in the Protected Territory.  
The Protected Territory does not grant Franchisee any rights to Customers within its Protected 
Territory, including without limitation, with respect to orders placed online for delivery, whether 
through Cupbop or through a designated and approved third-party delivery service provider.  
Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that such online orders placed by customers within its 
Protected Territory may be fulfilled by Cupbop, its affiliates or another franchisee, as determined 
by Cupbop or any third-party delivery service provider, in their discretion.   
c. RIGHTS RESERVED. 
Franchisee acknowledges that the Franchise is nonexclusive, that, other than the Protected 
Territory rights granted above, Franchisee has no territorial protection whatsoever, and that 
Cupbop and its affiliates retain the right at all times during the Term to engage in any and all 
activities that Cupbop or its affiliates deem appropriate, wherever and whenever Cupbop or its 
affiliates desire, and whether or not such activities compete with the Restaurant, including, without 
limitation, the right to: 
i. establish and operate, and allow others to establish and operate, Cupbop 
Restaurants at any location and in any area, other than in the Protected Territory; 
ii. establish and operate, and allow others to establish and operate, Cupbop 
Restaurants at non-traditional venues, including, but not limited to, an airport, 
sports stadium or arena, university, hospital, military base, department store, 
hotel, or corporate campus, at any location, including within the Protected 
Territory;   
iii. sell and distribute itself, and/or to license others to sell and distribute, through 
alternate distribution channels (including, but not limited to, the Internet), within 
