 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
90 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
System Standards may regulate all aspects of operating the Restaurant, including, but not 
limited to, the design, development, equipment, operations, procedures, products, pricing, 
suppliers, insurance requirements, operating days and hours, dress and appearance of personnel, 
advertising and any other aspect of operating a Cupbop Restaurant. 
Franchisee must purchase certain designated food and beverage products, equipment, 
logoed items and other items and supplies from sources designated or approved by Cupbop or that 
meet Cupbop’s required specifications. Cupbop will provide Franchisee with a list of suppliers 
and specifications for approved and required food and beverage products, equipment, supplies and 
materials.  If no specific supplier is required, Franchisee may obtain any required items from any 
source carrying them provided that Cupbop’s specifications are met.  If no specific Supplier or 
specifications are provided, Franchisee may obtain an item from any source.  Cupbop hereby 
advises Franchisee that it or its affiliates make a profit on Franchisee’s purchase of items from 
Cupbop or Cupbop’s approved suppliers, including consideration from suppliers and/or 
manufacturers in respect to sales of goods, products or services to Franchisee or other Cupbop 
Restaurants.  Franchisee agrees that Cupbop or its affiliates are entitled to such profits and/or 
consideration. 
Franchisee may offer for sale only those products that Cupbop approves from time to time 
for Franchisee to sell at the Restaurant. In the future, Cupbop has the right to change or add to the 
products that Franchisee is authorized to offer at the Restaurant.  Cupbop will notify Franchisee 
of such changes or additions.  Although the products sold at Cupbop Restaurants may vary from 
location to location, Franchisee may only sell those products that Cupbop authorizes Franchisee 
to sell from the Restaurant. 
Franchisee must promptly respond to all customer complaints as outlined in the Brand 
Standards Manual.  If Cupbop resolves a complaint due to Franchisee’s failure to properly or 
timely do so, Franchisee agrees to pay Cupbop for its out of pocket costs for responding and 
resolving any such complaint. 
Franchisee shall at all times during the entire term of this Agreement and at its own 
expense keep in force, by advance payment or payments the minimum insurance policies Cupbop 
designates in the Brand Standards Manual, which minimums may be adjusted from time to time.  
These policies shall insure both Franchisee and Cupbop and its officers, directors, members, and 
managers and Cupbop’s and their nominees as additional insureds against any liability which may 
accrue by reason of the ownership, maintenance or operation of the Restaurant. Such policies shall 
stipulate that prior to cancellation, termination or modification, Cupbop shall receive a thirty (30) 
day written notice of such event.  If Franchisee fails to maintain the minimum insurance policies 
Cupbop designates, in addition to any right to terminate this agreement, Cupbop may obtain such 
insurance on Franchisee’s behalf and Franchisee agrees to reimburse Cupbop for the cost of doing 
so. 
Franchisee agrees to participate in any online ordering program for takeout or delivery, 
whether provided by Cupbop or one or more third parties designated by it.  Franchisee agrees to 
use all required software or other equipment Cupbop or any such third party require as necessary 
to provide the services as designated and as may be updated, supplemented or changed. Any such 
software or equipment will be purchased by Franchisee at its own cost.  Franchisee understands 
and acknowledges that any third party providers may also charge fees or commissions for their 
services and Franchisee agrees to pay all such costs or fees. 
