  
® 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
a Utah limited liability company 
12184 South Business Park Drive, Suite C 
Draper, UT 84020 
(801) 916-8968 
admin@cupboptruck.com 
www.cupbop.com 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC franchises the right to operate a Cupbop® restaurant, offering Korean style barbeque rice cups, 
salads, chicken wings, potstickers and other food and beverage products. 
The total investment necessary to begin operation of a Cupbop® restaurant franchise is $296,400-$664,400.  This 
includes $41,250 to $42,000 that must be paid to the franchisor or its affiliates.     
The franchisor may also, in its sole discretion, grant the right to develop multiple Cupbop restaurants under an Area 
Development Agreement.  If you are granted the right to develop multiple restaurants, the total investment necessary to 
obtain such rights depends on how many restaurants you agree to develop. You must pay the initial franchise fee to the 
franchisor according to the following schedule: $40,000 for the first restaurant and $30,000 for each additional restaurant 
thereafter.  You must pay the entire initial franchise fee for each restaurant upon execution of the Area Development 
Agreement.  You must open at least two restaurants to enter into an Area Development Agreement.  The total investment 
payable to the franchisor or its affiliates for rights to begin development of five to twenty Cupbop restaurants is from 
$160,000 to $610,000. 
This disclosure document summarizes certain provisions of your franchise agreement and other information in plain 
English. Read this disclosure document and all accompanying agreements carefully.  You must receive this disclosure 
document at least 14 calendar days before you sign a binding agreement with, or make any payment to, the franchisor or 
an affiliate in connection with the proposed franchise sale.  Note, however, that no governmental agency has verified 
the information contained in this document. 
You may wish to receive your disclosure document in another format that is more convenient to you. To discuss the 
availability of disclosures in different formats, contact Dok Kwon at 12184 South Business Park Drive, Suite C, Draper, 
UT 84020, dok@cupboptruck.com, or (801) 916-8968. 
The terms of your contract will govern your franchise relationship.  Do not rely on the disclosure document alone to 
understand your contract.  Read all of your contract carefully.  Show your contract and this disclosure document to an 
advisor, like a lawyer or an accountant. 
Buying a franchise is a complex investment.  The information in this disclosure document can help you make up your 
mind.  More information on franchising, such as “A Consumer’s Guide to Buying a Franchise,” which can help you 
understand how to use this disclosure document, is available from the Federal Trade Commission.  You can contact the 
FTC at 1-877-FTC-HELP or by writing to the FTC at 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, D.C. 20580.  You 
can also visit the FTC’s home page at www.ftc.gov for additional information.  Call your state agency or visit your public 
library for other sources of information on franchising. 
There may also be laws on franchising in your state.  Ask your state agencies about them.  
Issuance date: March 26, 2025
CUPB~P 
KOREAN BBQ IN A CUP 
