 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
114 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
continue to be given full force and effect and bind the parties, although any portion held to be 
invalid will be deemed not to be a part of this Agreement from the date the time for appeal expires, 
if Franchisee is a party thereto, otherwise upon Franchisee’s receipt of a notice of non-enforcement 
thereof from Cupbop. 
e. WAIVER OF OBLIGATIONS. 
Either Party may by written instrument unilaterally waive or reduce any obligation of or 
restriction upon the other under this Agreement, effective upon delivery of written notice of waiver 
to the other or such other effective date stated in the notice of waiver.  Any waiver granted by 
Cupbop will be without prejudice to any other rights Cupbop may have, will be subject to its 
continuing review and may be revoked by Cupbop at any time and for any reason upon delivery 
of ten (10) days’ prior written notice. 
Neither Party will be deemed to have waived or impaired any right, power or option 
reserved by this Agreement (including, without limitation, the right to demand exact compliance 
with every term, condition and covenant in this Agreement or to declare any breach to be a default 
and to terminate this Agreement prior to the expiration of its term) by virtue of (i) any custom or 
practice of the parties at variance with the terms of this Agreement; (ii) any failure, refusal or 
neglect of Cupbop or Franchisee to exercise any right under this Agreement or to insist upon exact 
compliance by the other with its obligations under this Agreement, including any waiver, 
forbearance, delay, failure or omission by Cupbop to exercise any right, power or option, whether 
of the same, similar or different nature, with respect to other Cupbop Restaurants or franchise 
agreements; or (iii) Cupbop’s acceptance of any payments due from Franchisee after any breach 
of this Agreement. 
f. FORCE MAJEURE. 
Neither Party will be liable for loss or damage or deemed to be in breach of this Agreement 
if the failure to perform obligations results from transportation shortages; inadequate supplies of 
equipment, merchandise, supplies, labor, material or energy or the voluntary suspension of the 
right to acquire or use any of those items in order to accommodate or comply with the orders, 
requests, regulations, recommendations or instructions of any federal, state or municipal 
government or any governmental department or agency; compliance with any law, ruling, order, 
regulation, requirement or instruction of any federal, state or municipal government or any 
governmental department or agency; acts of God; fires, strikes, embargoes, war or riot; or any 
other similar event or cause beyond the reasonable control of the party.  Any delay resulting from 
any of these causes will extend performance accordingly or excuse performance, in whole or in 
part, as may be reasonable, except that these causes will not excuse payments of amounts owed at 
the time of the occurrence or payment of Royalties or Fund and Cooperative contributions due 
afterward. 
g. COSTS AND ATTORNEYS’ FEES. 
In the event any action in law or equity or any arbitration or other proceeding is brought 
for the enforcement of this Agreement or in connection with any of the provisions of this 
Agreement, the successful or prevailing party or parties shall be entitled to reasonable attorney’s 
fees and other costs reasonably incurred in such action or arbitration proceeding. 
