 
 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC  
8 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
 
4916-3889-4373 
(1) excludes all federal, state, or municipal sales, use, or service taxes collected from customers 
and paid to the appropriate taxing authority, and (2) is reduced by the amount of any documented 
refunds, credits, and discounts the Restaurant in good faith gives to customers (if those amounts 
originally were included in calculating Gross Sales). Notwithstanding the foregoing, you must 
participate in any gift or loyalty program designated by us and to implement such changes as we 
designated related to such program(s).  At such time as a system-wide gift card program is 
instituted, Gross Sales will exclude all revenue you derive from selling or issuing gift cards but will 
include revenue you derive from selling products and services to customers who use those cards 
for payment.       
If you do not timely report your Restaurant’s Gross Sales, we may debit your account for 120% of 
the last royalty and advertising fund contribution we debited together with the late fee and interest. 
If the amounts we debit are less than the amounts you actually owe us, we will debit your account 
for the remaining balance on the day we specify. If the amounts we debit exceed the amounts you 
actually owe us, we will credit the excess against the amounts due the following month.  
Before your Restaurant opens for business, you must sign and deliver forms we require authorizing 
us to debit your business checking account automatically for the royalty, advertising fund 
contributions, and other amounts due under the Franchise Agreement and for your purchases of 
products, and other items from us and/or our affiliates. We may auto-debit all fees and payments 
you owe us and our affiliates using the account you specify. We will debit the account for these 
amounts on their due dates. Funds must be available in the account for withdrawal. We may require 
payment other than by automatic debit, and you must comply with our payment instructions.  
2. 
The fund may pay for preparing video, audio, written materials, or other related advertising 
materials, including but not limited to, developing, implementing, and maintaining an electronic 
commerce website and related strategies. The fund may also, at our discretion, use advertising, 
promotion, and marketing agencies and other advisors to provide assistance with marketing 
activities. The fund will advertise locally, regionally and/or nationally, as we determine. 
3. 
Initial training is provided for two (2) people at no additional cost.  We may charge you for initial 
training of more than two (2) people, for training newly-hired personnel, and for retraining people 
in our initial training program.  
4. 
The transfer fee is $10,000 to transfer a Restaurant   You must meet all conditions required of our 
franchisees for us to approve a transfer.  There is no transfer fee if the transferee is an entity you 
control. 
5. 
You must buy certain required products and services from us and our affiliates for use in your 
Restaurant. We and our affiliates will make a profit on such products or services.  Prices depend 
on the item/service involved. 
6. 
We do not now provide these services but may charge you for them if we do. This fee would cover 
computer system support and ongoing development and software upgrades we might provide in the 
future. 
7. 
We may charge you a fee to attend the annual franchisee convention.  This fee is intended to help 
cover our conference costs and may increase if our costs increase.  In addition to the fee we charge, 
