 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
79 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
restrictions. Cupbop own the plans and all adaptations of the plans for the Restaurant. The 
Restaurant’s layout and design are in its sole judgment. 
Franchisee agrees to send Cupbop construction plans and specifications for review before 
it begins constructing the Restaurant and all revised or “as built” plans and specifications during 
construction. Because Cupbop’s review is limited to ensuring compliance with its design and 
layout requirements, Cupbop’s review might not assess compliance with federal, state, or local 
laws and regulations, including the ADA, as compliance with these laws is Franchisee’s 
responsibility. Cupbop may inspect the Premises while Franchisee is developing the Restaurant. 
Franchisee is solely responsible for the performance of architects, contractors, and subcontractors 
Franchisee hires to develop and maintain the Restaurant and for ensuring that sufficient insurance 
coverage is in place during the construction process. 
Franchisee agrees to do the following, at its expense, to develop the Restaurant at the 
Premises: (1) secure all financing required to develop and operate the Restaurant; (2) obtain all 
required building, utility, sign, health, sanitation, business, and other permits and licenses; (3) 
construct all required improvements to the Premises and decorate the Restaurant according to 
approved plans and specifications; (4) obtain all customary contractors’ sworn statements and 
partial and final waivers of lien for construction, remodeling, decorating, and installation services; 
(5) purchase or lease, and install, all required fixtures, furniture, equipment (including required or 
recommended computer, facsimile, and point-of-sale information system and video security 
system), furnishings, and signs for the Restaurant; (6) purchase an opening inventory of required 
and authorized products, materials, and supplies (as set forth in the Brand Standards Manual) to 
begin operating the Restaurant; and (7) take all other action necessary to open the Restaurant at 
the Premises to the public. 
d. FURNITURE, FIXTURES AND EQUIPMENT. 
Franchisee agrees to use in operating the Restaurant only furniture, fixtures, equipment, 
and signs that Cupbop designates or approves for Cupbop Restaurants as meeting its specifications 
and standards for quality, design, appearance, function, and performance as further set forth in the 
Brand Standards Manual. Franchisee may not install or otherwise operate at the Premises any 
unauthorized vending, lotto, or similar machines. Franchisee agrees to place or display at the 
Premises (interior and exterior), and on any permitted catering vehicles, only the signs, emblems, 
lettering, logos, and display materials that Cupbop approves from time to time. Franchisee agrees 
to purchase or lease approved brands, types, or models of furniture, fixtures, equipment, and signs 
only from suppliers Cupbop designates or approves (which may include or be limited to Cupbop 
and/or its affiliates). 
e. COMPUTER SYSTEM. 
Franchisee agrees to obtain and use the computer hardware and/or software Cupbop 
specifies, including a point-of-sale system, accounting system, dedicated telephone and power 
lines, printers, and other computer-related accessories and peripheral equipment (the “Computer 
System”). Cupbop may modify specifications for and components of the Computer System. 
Franchisee also agrees to maintain a functioning e-mail address. Cupbop’s modification of 
specifications for the Computer System, and/or other technological developments or events, might 
require Franchisee to purchase, lease and/or license new or modified computer hardware and/or 
software and to obtain service and support for the Computer System. Within sixty (60) days after 
Franchisee receives notice from Cupbop, Franchisee agrees to obtain, at Franchisee’s sole cost and 
expense, the Computer System components Cupbop designate and ensure that the Computer 
