 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
105 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
payment, and (c) Cupbop agrees that Franchisee has a legitimate reason for the 
non-payment; or 
xxi. Franchisee (or any of its owners) fail to comply with any other provision of this 
Agreement or any System Standard and do not correct the failure within thirty (30) 
days after Cupbop delivers written notice of the failure to Franchisee. 
xxii. Franchisee fails to meet the minimum sales requirements set forth in Section 1(e).  
xxiii. Franchisee or any of its affiliates are in default under any agreement with Cupbop 
or its affiliates that permits Cupbop or its affiliates to terminate such agreement. 
c. ASSUMPTION OF MANAGEMENT. 
Cupbop has the right (but not the obligation), to enter the Premises and assume the 
Restaurant’s management (or to appoint a third party to assume its management), if (1) if 
Franchisee abandons or fails actively to operate the Restaurant; (2) if Franchisee fails to comply 
with any provision of this Agreement, including any System Standard, and do not cure the failure 
within the time period Cupbop specifies in its notice to Franchisee, but only for as long as it takes 
Cupbop, using reasonable commercial efforts, to correct the failure that Franchisee failed to cure; 
or (3) if this Agreement expires or is terminated and Cupbop is deciding whether to exercise its 
option to purchase the Restaurant under Subsection 16(E) below. If Cupbop assumes the 
Restaurant’s management (or appoint a third party to assume its management), Cupbop will 
operate the Restaurant for up to ninety (90) days. 
If Cupbop (or a third party) assumes the Restaurant’s management due to Franchisee’s 
failure to comply with this Agreement as described above, Cupbop will periodically evaluate 
whether or not Franchisee, the Managing Owner, or an alternative approved manager is capable 
of resuming the Restaurant’s operation and will periodically discuss the Restaurant’s status with 
Franchisee.  Franchisee agrees to pay Cupbop (in addition to the Royalty, Fund contributions, and 
other amounts due under this Agreement) Five Hundred Dollars ($500) per person per day, plus 
Cupbop’s (or the third party’s) direct out-of-pocket costs and expenses, for up to ninety (90) days 
after Cupbop assumes management. 
If Cupbop (or a third party) assumes the Restaurant’s management due to Franchisee’s 
abandonment of the business of the expiration or termination of this Agreement pending its 
decision to exercise its option to purchase, Cupbop (or the third party) may retain all, and need not 
pay Franchisee or otherwise account to Franchisee for any, Gross Sales generated while Cupbop 
(or the third party) manages the Restaurant. 
If Cupbop (or a third party) assumes the Restaurant’s management due to abandonment 
or Franchisee’s failure to comply with this Agreement, its right to terminate this Agreement under 
Subsection 15(b) above will not be affected. 
If Cupbop (or a third party) assumes the Restaurant’s management, Franchisee 
acknowledges that Cupbop (or the third party) will have a duty to utilize only reasonable efforts 
and, provided Cupbop is not grossly negligent and do not commit an act of willful misconduct, 
will not be liable to Franchisee or its owners for any debts, losses, lost or reduced profits, or 
obligations the Restaurant incurs, or to any of its creditors for any supplies, products, or other 
assets or services the Restaurant purchases, while Cupbop (or the third party) manage it.  
