 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
88 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
as long as the item is not publicly known); (3) will not make unauthorized copies of any Confidential 
Information disclosed via electronic medium or in written or other tangible form; (4) will adopt and 
implement reasonable procedures to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information, 
including, without limitation, restricting its disclosure to Restaurant personnel and others and using non-
disclosure and non-competition agreements with those having access to Confidential Information. Cupbop 
has the right to regulate the form of agreements Franchisee uses and to be a third party beneficiary of those 
agreements with independent enforcement rights. Franchisee must keep copies of those agreements and 
send them to Cupbop upon request; and (5) will not divulge any policy or operational document, whether 
created by Cupbop or by or for Franchisee and regardless of the format in which maintained, to any person 
not bound by the confidentiality obligations in this Agreement without Cupbop’s prior written permission. 
Confidential Information does not include information, knowledge, or know-how that Franchisee 
can demonstrate lawfully came to its attention before Cupbop provided it to Franchisee directly or 
indirectly; that, at the time Cupbop disclosed it to Franchisee, already had lawfully become generally known 
through publication or communication by others without violating an obligation to Cupbop or Cupbop Co.; 
or that, after Cupbop discloses it to Franchisee, lawfully becomes generally known in the food-service 
industry through publication or communication by others without violating an obligation to Cupbop or 
Cupbop Co. A party claiming an exclusion under this paragraph has the burden to prove that such exclusion 
applies. 
All ideas, concepts, techniques, or materials relating to a Cupbop Restaurant, whether or not 
protectable intellectual property and whether created by or for Franchisee or its owners or employees, must 
be promptly disclosed to Cupbop and will be deemed to be Cupbop’s and Cupbop Co.’s sole and exclusive 
property, part of the Franchise System, and works made-for-hire for Cupbop and Cupbop Co. To the extent 
that any item does not qualify as a “work made-for-hire” for Cupbop and Cupbop Co., by this paragraph 
Franchisee assigns ownership of that item, and all related rights to that item, to Cupbop and Cupbop Co. 
and agree to take whatever action (including signing assignment or other documents) Cupbop requests to 
evidence Cupbop’s and Cupbop Co.’s ownership or to help Cupbop and Cupbop Co. obtain intellectual 
property rights in the item. 
8. EXCLUSIVE RELATIONSHIP. 
Franchisee acknowledges that Cupbop has granted the Franchise in consideration of and reliance 
upon Franchisee’s agreement to deal exclusively with Cupbop. Franchisee therefore agree that, during this 
Agreement’s term, neither it, any of its owners, nor any of its or its owners’ spouses will: 
a. have any direct or indirect controlling interest as an owner – whether of record, 
beneficially, or otherwise – in a Competing Business, wherever located or operating; 
b. have any direct or indirect non-controlling interest as an owner – whether of record, 
beneficially, or otherwise – in a Competing Business, wherever located or operating (except that 
equity ownership of less than two percent (2%) of a Competing Business whose stock or other 
forms of ownership interest are publicly traded on a recognized United States stock exchange will 
not be deemed to violate this Subsection); 
c. perform services as a director, officer, manager, employee, consultant, representative, or 
agent for a Competing Business, wherever located or operating; 
d. recruit as a partner or investor/owner, or hire as an employee, any person 
then employed, or who was employed within the immediately preceding twelve (12) months, by 
Cupbop, any of Cupbop’s affiliates, or a franchisee or who is still bound (even if it has been more 
