 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
71 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit B – Financial Statements 
 
4916-3889-4373 
 
 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
Notes to Financial Statements 
December 31, 2023 and 20 22 
Re-venue- is me-a.sured as the- amount of conside-ra.:ion the- C,omp.my e)Q)e-CtS to receive in exchange for 
transferring distind goods or providing seivioes to customers. 
As a franchiSOf, the- Company's principal business is to sell fi'anctises and to receive royal;y fees. Franchise 
rights may be granted through a franchise agreement that sets out the terms of the arrangement wt"Ji the 
n"anchisee. The franchise agreements require that the franchisee remit continuingfroyalty fees to the- Comp.any 
based on the- monthty revenues of the franchisees. The n"anchise ag-eements also require certain. upfront 
n"anchise fees such as initial fees p.ajd upon opening of a franchise. The Comp.my recognizes revenue when 
performance obligations under the tem\S ot oomracts wt"Ji its custornec-s are sa.:isfied, which occurs when pre-
opening se.Moes are proVKled to a cus:omer to enable them to direa the use and obtain the benefit of the 
n"anchise, with the- remaining portion beir'Q recognized over the- fife of the contract. 
For the franchise fees, the C.011'\'.my detennined that the se.rvioes they provide in exchange for upfront franchise 
fees. v.hich primarily relate to pre-opening training and othe.r se.Moes. are incfrvidualty dis:inct from the ongoing 
services they proVKle to their franchisees. As a result, these pre-opening fees are recognized upon the- franchise 
opening, and completion of the rela.:ed training. The pte--<>pening fees tliat are recognized upon tlie franchise 
opening are generally approxim:rte.ty 50% of the initial franchise fee and 50% on any subsequent store openings. 
The remaining portion of the upfront n"anchise fees are recognized as revenue ove.r the expeo:ed life of the 
n"anchise agreement. which is generally 10 years. If a franchise loca:ion doses bek>re ttis estima.:ed 10-year life. 
the Corrpany recognizes tlie remaining uneamed revenue irr.o inoome at the time the- IOC31ion closes. Revenues 
for these '-Pfront franchise fees are recognized on a straight-line basis. which is consistent wilh the franchisee"s 
right to use and benefit from the in:ellectual property. 
Re-venues from continuing fees. including royalties and upfront fr.:nchise fees. are presented 'Mtliin franchise 
revenues in the- statemeras of income. The Company receives a monthly royalty fee equal to 6% ot the 
n"anchisees momhly gross sales by the 10th day of each month for tlie precedng month. These royalty payments 
are considered to be variable consideration: however, the Comp.my relies on a narrow exception to the- variable 
oonside-ra.:ion cri':eria where there is a sales-based or usage-based royal;y. Unde.r tliis exoepcion, the Comp.any 
recognizes re-venue for sales-based royalty revenue on a momhly basis based on sales reports by their 
fi'anctisees. 
Contract Balances 
The foHO'Mng table l)f'O'l,1des information about the Company's receivables and contract liabilities from oon:raas 
with cus,:ome.rs as r::J Deoember 3 t. 2023 and 2022: 
Acco.lnts receivable, beginning of year 
Acco.lnts receivable, end of year 
Contrad liabil ities. beginning ot year 
Contrad liabil ities. end of year 
Significant Judgments 
s 
s 
s 
s 
2023 
328,937 
329,18t 
274,062 
309,063 
s 
s 
s 
s 
2022 
223.625 
328.937 
89,271 
274.062 
The Comp.any determined the satisfaction ot initial franchising fees to be partially compJeted upon the franchise 
opening, and OOfT\'letion of the re.lated training. The Company detemined tliis based on providing assistance 'Mth 
the n"anc:hise location and training provided in rela':ion to the operation ot a business. which is all provided prio.r to 
the opening of a franchise location. The remainir'Q portion of initial franchise fees are recognized over the- life of 
the oomract. as these fees are tied to ongoing support by the- Company to assist the customer. 
10 
