 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC   
144 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
Exhibit D:   Area Development Agreement 
4916-3889-4373 
Confidential Information is and will remain Cupbop’s sole property.  Developer agrees to return to Cupbop 
or destroy, at its election, all Confidential Information in its possession or control and permanently erase 
all electronic copies of such Confidential Information promptly upon Cupbop’s request or upon termination 
of this Agreement, whichever comes first, and, at its request, will provide written certification that 
Developer has complied with this obligation. 
7. 
TERMINATION.  The following provisions are in addition to and not in limitation of any other 
rights and remedies Cupbop may have at law or in equity, all of which are expressly reserved. The exercise 
by Cupbop of any right or remedy shall not be deemed an election of remedies. 
a. 
With Notice and No Opportunity to Cure.  This Agreement shall immediately terminate on 
delivery of notice of termination to Developer upon the occurrence of any of the following events, each of 
which is deemed to be an incurable breach of this Agreement and each of which is deemed to be “good 
cause.” If Developer (or any of its owners if Developer is a business entity): 
(1) 
becomes insolvent or admits in writing its inability to pay its debts as they mature, 
or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors, files a petition under any foreign, state or United 
States bankruptcy act, receivership statute, or the like or if such a petition is filed by a third party, 
or if an application for a receiver is made by anyone and such petition or application is not resolved 
favorably to Developer within 90 days; 
(2) 
fails to comply with the Development Schedule and such failure continues for a 
period of 30 days after written notice from Cupbop (except if the failure is the direct result of a 
“Casualty Event,” which includes a fire, tornado, hurricane, flood, earthquake or similar natural 
disaster not within its control, and Developer is using good faith efforts to cure the failure); 
(3) 
has made any material misrepresentation or omission in the application for the 
Franchise or in any report that it submits to Cupbop pursuant to this Agreement; 
(4) 
is convicted by a trial court of or pleads no contest to a felony or other crime or 
offense or engages in conduct that reflects materially and unfavorably upon the operation and 
reputation of Cupbop or the System, or if any of its principals is convicted of or pleads no contest 
to a felony or other crime or offense or engages in such conduct; 
(5) 
attempts to make or makes an unauthorized assignment, encumbrance, or other 
transfer of its rights or obligations under this Agreements a party to any other agreement with 
Cupbop or its affiliates that is terminated for Developer’s breach thereof; 
(6) 
makes any unauthorized use of the Marks or intellectual property or make any 
duplication or disclosure of any Confidential Information;  
(7) 
fails to comply with any provision of any Franchise Agreement and does not cure 
such failures within the applicable cure period, if any; or  
(8) 
receives written notice from Cupbop of its failure any three times in a calendar 
year to comply with this Agreement, even if timely cured in each instance. 
b. 
With Notice and an Opportunity to Cure.  This Agreement shall terminate upon 
Developer’s failure to cure any of the following, each of which is deemed to be “good cause.” If Developer 
(or any of its owners if Developer is a business entity): 
