 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
98 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
the Restaurant’s assets are owned, and the Restaurant’s business is conducted, only by that single 
corporation or limited liability company. The entity must expressly assume all of Franchisee’s 
obligations under this Agreement and is subject to all of the limitations in this Section. Franchisee 
agrees to remain personally liable under this Agreement as if the transfer to the entity did not 
occur. 
c. CONDITIONS FOR APPROVAL OF TRANSFER. 
In determining the acceptability of the proposed transferee, Cupbop will consider, among 
other things, Cupbop’s then-current standards for new franchisees, including the net worth, credit 
worthiness, background, training, personality, reputation, and business experience of the proposed 
transferee, the terms and conditions of the transfer and any circumstances that would make the 
transfer not in the best interests of Cupbop or the franchise system, including, but not limited to, 
the proposed purchase price. Cupbop may meet and candidly discuss all matters relating to the 
Restaurant with the potential transferee. In no case will Franchisee or a proposed transferee rely 
on Cupbop to review or evaluate any proposed transfer. Neither Cupbop nor its affiliates will be 
liable to Franchisee or the transferee or any other person or entity relating to the transfer and 
Franchisee agrees to indemnify and hold Cupbop harmless from any liability whatsoever relating 
thereto. 
Prior to the effective date of any approved transfer and as a condition for Cupbop’s 
approval of any transfer, Franchisee agrees as follows: 
i. Franchisee must be in full compliance with this Agreement and not be in default 
hereunder. All accounts payable and other monetary obligations to Cupbop or its 
affiliates must be paid in full. Franchisee must have submitted all required reports, 
financial statements and other documents. 
ii. The terms and conditions of the proposed transfer must be provided to Cupbop in 
writing. 
iii. All of Franchisee’s obligations in connection with the Restaurant and this 
Agreement must be assumed by the transferee. 
iv. The transferee must sign the then-current form of the franchise agreement and fully 
upgrade the Restaurant to the level required of new franchisees. 
v. The transferee must pay for and complete the initial training program required of 
new franchisees. The cost of such training shall be at Cupbop’s standard rate for 
training new managers, plus the cost of travel, food, and lodging for the trainers.  
vi. Franchisee must pay a transfer fee of Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000) to reimburse 
Cupbop for Cupbop’s reasonable legal, accounting, and credit and investigation 
expenses and other costs.  
vii. Franchisee and each of its owners must execute a general release of all claims 
arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the Franchise, or the Parties’ business 
relationship, releasing Cupbop and its affiliates attached, in the form substantially 
the same as the release attached hereto as Exhibit F. 
