 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
81 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
remains in effect and governs the operation of the Restaurant at the new site with no change in the 
term or, at its option, signing Cupbop’s then current form of franchise agreement to govern the 
operation of the Restaurant at the new site for a new franchise term, (5) Franchisee signing a 
general release, in a form satisfactory to Cupbop, of any and all claims against Cupbop and its 
owners, affiliates, officers, directors, employees, and agents (except for Cupbop’s indemnification 
obligations under Section 17 below), (6) Franchisee continuing to operate the Restaurant at the 
Premises until Cupbop authorizes its closure, and (7) Franchisee taking, within the timeframe 
Cupbop specifies and at its own expense, all action Cupbop requires to de-brand and de-identify 
the Restaurant’s former Premises so that it no longer is associated or identified in any manner (in 
its opinion) with Cupbop, including the action specified in Section 16(B)(4) below. 
3. FEES. 
a. INITIAL FRANCHISE FEE. 
Franchisee agrees to pay Cupbop a nonrecurring and, except as specifically provided in 
this Agreement, nonrefundable initial franchise fee of Forty Thousand Dollars ($40,000). This fee 
is due, and fully earned by Cupbop, when Franchisee signs this Agreement. The initial franchise 
fee is not in exchange for any particular products, services, or assistance but instead is solely in 
consideration of Cupbop’s signing this Agreement. 
b. ROYALTY FEE. 
Franchisee agrees to pay Cupbop, in the manner provided below (or as the Brand 
Standards Manual otherwise prescribes), a monthly Royalty Fee (the “Royalty”) equal to six 
percent (6%) of the Restaurant’s Gross Sales (as defined below).  As used in this Agreement, the 
term “Gross Sales” means all revenue that Franchisee derives from operating the Restaurant, 
including, but not limited to, all amounts that Franchisee receives at or away from the Restaurant 
and all catering and delivery charges not included in the price of Cupbop menu items, and all 
amounts from selling or issuing gift cards, whether from cash, check, credit and debit card, barter 
exchange, trade credit, or other credit transactions, and also includes all proceeds from business 
interruption insurance, but (1) excludes all federal, state, or municipal sales, use, or service taxes 
collected from customers and paid to the appropriate taxing authority, and (2) is reduced by the 
amount of any documented refunds, credits, and discounts the Restaurant in good faith gives to 
customers (if those amounts originally were included in calculating Gross Sales). Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, Franchisee agrees to participate in any gift or loyalty program designated by Cupbop 
and to implement such changes as Cupbop designates related to such programs(s).  At such time 
as a system-wide gift card program is instituted, Gross Sales will exclude all revenue derived from 
selling or issuing gift cards but will include revenue derived from selling products and services to 
customers who use those cards for payment. 
c. PAYMENT. 
Before the Restaurant opens, Franchisee agrees to sign and deliver to Cupbop the 
documents Cupbop requires to authorize Cupbop to debit its business checking account 
automatically, including without limitation the form set forth on Exhibit E, for the Royalty Fund 
contributions (defined below), and other amounts due under this Agreement and for its purchases 
of required food products, branded items and food products and other items from Cupbop and/or 
its affiliates. Cupbop may auto-debit all fees and payments Franchisee owes Cupbop and its 
affiliates. Cupbop will debit Franchisee’s account for these amounts on their due dates.  Franchisee 
agrees to maintain, at all times during the term of this Agreement, a balance in Franchisee’s 
