 
 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC  
20 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
 
4916-3889-4373 
amount of assistance you receive is based upon the number of Restaurants you operate.  You will 
receive 24 hours of our representative’s time for your first Restaurant, 16 hours of the 
representative’s time if the Restaurant is your second Cupbop Restaurant, and eight hours of the 
representative’s time if the Restaurant is your third or subsequent Restaurant..  (Franchise 
Agreement Section 5A). 
2. Provide advice based upon your operations, reports, evaluations, and inspections.  We may also 
provide recommendations to you on standards, specifications, and operating procedures; 
purchasing food items, other products, and items for use with the Restaurant; advertising and 
marketing programs; and administrative procedures through our Brand Standards Manual, other 
manuals, communications or written or verbal materials.  (Franchise Agreement Section 5B). 
3. Provide, at your request, additional training, guidance, or assistance.  (Franchise Agreement Section 
5B). 
4. Continue to provide you access to and provide updates to the Brand Standards Manual and System 
Standards, as we may modify from time to time. (Franchise Agreement Sections 5B, 5C, 5D, and 
9). 
5. Allow you to use Confidential Information and our Marks. (Franchise Agreement Sections 6 and 
7; Area Development Agreement Section 6). 
6. Offer ongoing training and refresher courses, as we deem appropriate. (Franchise Agreement 
Section 5B). 
7. Maintain and administer an advertising fund for advertising, marketing, and public relations 
programs we deem appropriate. (Franchise Agreement Section 10C). 
Site Selection and Time to Open 
We estimate that it will be 6-9 months from the time that you sign the Franchise Agreement before you 
open the Restaurant.  You must find an acceptable site within 120 days of signing the Franchise Agreement.  
If no acceptable site is located and agreed upon within such period, we may terminate the Franchise 
Agreement. We do not generally own or lease the premises to you.  We must approve the site selected by 
you. The factors we consider in approving a site include demographic characteristics; traffic patterns; 
parking; character of neighborhood; competition from and proximity to other businesses; other commercial 
characteristics; and size, appearance, and other physical characteristics.  Once you have a site the specific 
time for opening depends on the site’s condition, the construction schedule, equipment, and supplies 
needed, time of training and requirements to comply with local laws, which may delay opening for up to 4 
or 6 months.  You may not open the Restaurant until (1) we approve of the opening and notify you of such 
in writing; (2) you pay all fees to us and suppliers, including the initial franchise fee; (3) you successfully 
complete all required training; and (4) you provide us with all required insurance policies.  You must open 
the Restaurant within 16 months of signing the Franchise Agreement or we may terminate the Franchise 
Agreement.  
We will provide you approved suppliers and specifications for certain equipment, signs, fixtures, opening 
inventory and supplies to be used in operation of your Restaurant, but we do not directly provide such items 
to you nor do we deliver or install these items. 
