 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
50 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit B – Financial Statements 
 
4916-3889-4373 
 
 
Audiror's Responsibiliries for rhe Audir of rhe Financial Sraremems 
ember and Management 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are 
free from material misstatemen whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an audi or's report that 
includes our op· ion. Reasonable assurance is a high le el of assurance but is no absolute assurance 
and therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance • h GAAS will always de ect a 
material misstatement when it exists. The risk of not de ecting a material misstatemen resu ing from 
fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional 
omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. Misstatements are considered ma erial 
if there is a substantial likelihood tha individually or in the aggregate, they would influence the judgment 
made by a reasonable user based on the financial statements. 
In performing an audit in accordance with GAAS, we: 
• 
Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the aud· . 
• 
Identify and assess the risks of ma erial misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to 
fraud or error, and design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks. Such 
procedures include examining, on a est basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures 
in the financial statenlents. 
• 
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit 
procedures tha are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an 
opinion on the effectiveness of the Corrpany's in emal control. Accordingly, no such opinion is 
expressed. 
• 
Evaluate the appropria eness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant 
accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluate the o erall presentation of the 
financial statements. 
• 
Conclude whether, in our judgment, there are condi ·ons ore ents, considered in the aggregate, 
that raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern for a 
reasonable period of lime. 
We are required to communicate with those charged with go emance regarding, among other matters, 
the planned scope and timing of the audit, significant audit findings, and certain internal control-related 
ma ers that we identified during the audil 
Salt Lake City Utah 
March 24, 2025 
2 
