 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
128 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document:  
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement – Exhibit F:  General Release Agreement 
4916-3889-4373 
of contract (based upon implied, express, estoppel, waiver or alternative theories of contractual 
obligation), or breach of any alleged special, trust, agency or fiduciary relationship, whether 
asserted or proposed to be asserted by way of claim, setoff, affirmative defense, counterclaim, 
cross-claim or third party claim.  The Releasors have been made aware of, and understand, the 
provisions of California Civil Code Section 1542 (“Section 1542”), which provides: “A 
GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR 
DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME 
OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE 
MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.” The 
Releasors expressly, knowingly, and intentionally waive any and all rights, benefits, and 
protections of Section 1542 and of any other state or federal statute or common law principle 
limiting the scope of a general release. A general release does not apply to claims arising under the 
Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, Chapter 19.100 RCW, or the rules adopted 
thereunder in accordance with RCW 19.100.220. 
3. Confidentiality. Each Party hereto and their respective counsel, representatives and agents agrees 
that they will not disclose any of the terms of this Release. The parties and their respective counsel, 
representatives and agents are not, however, precluded from disclosing the terms of the Release to 
their attorneys, accountants, tax preparers paid financial advisors or any governmental, regulatory 
or judicial authority which might compel the disclosure of this Release. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, if any of the parties is served with a subpoena or other governmental or judicial process 
seeking to compel the disclosure of this Release, it shall be the responsibility of the Party that 
receives the subpoena or other governmental or judicial process to promptly notify all other parties 
to this Release with sufficient time to afford the other parties to this Release an opportunity to move 
to quash the subpoena or oppose the entry of any order seeking to compel the disclosure of this 
Release Additionally, in the event it becomes necessary to file this Release with a court in any 
future enforcement action between the parties, the parties hereby agree to apply jointly for leave to 
file this Release under seal. 
4. Miscellaneous. 
a. Releasor agrees that it has read and fully understands this Release and that the opportunity 
has been afforded to Releasor to discuss the terms and contents of said Release with legal 
counsel and/or that such a discussion with legal counsel has occurred. Releasor understands 
how this Release will affect Releasor’s legal rights and voluntarily enter into this Release 
with such knowledge and understanding. 
b. This Release shall be construed and governed by the laws of the State of Utah. The parties 
hereby consent and waive all objections to the non-exclusive personal jurisdiction of, and 
venue, in the United States District Court for the District of Utah and Utah state courts 
situated in Salt Lake County, Utah for the purposes of all cases and controversies involving 
this Release and its enforcement, and the Franchise Agreement. 
c. In the event that it shall be necessary for any Party to institute legal action to enforce or for 
the breach of any of the terms and conditions or provisions of this Release, the prevailing 
Party in such action shall be entitled to recover all of its reasonable costs and attorney fees. 
d. All of the provisions of this Release shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the 
Parties and their current and future respective directors, officers, partners, attorneys, 
agents, employees, shareholders and the spouses of such individuals, successors, affiliates, 
and assigns. No other party shall be a third-party beneficiary to this Release. 
