 
 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC  
9 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
 
4916-3889-4373 
you are responsible for all other costs related to your attendance, including your travel and living 
expenses. 
8. 
You must pay the costs of the audit or inspection only if you fail to furnish us with reports, financial 
statements, tax returns, or schedules, to retain and have available required records, or if the audit 
results show an understatement of Gross Sales of more than 3%. 
9. 
You must pay us a non-compliance fee of $500 for each occurrence if you deviate from our 
operational requirements and or System Standards and an additional $500 per day for each 
additional day the deviation is not cured to compensate us for administrative and management costs, 
not for our damages related to your non-compliance.  
10. 
The management fee is due when we or a third party appointed by us manage your Restaurant after 
you or your Managing Owner’s death or disability or upon your default and failure to cure such 
default under your Franchise Agreement, termination of your Franchise Agreement or 
abandonment of your Restaurant, as applicable. A “Managing Owner” is a shareholder, member, 
or  partner, depending on your entity type, responsible for overseeing and supervising operation of 
the Restaurant. 
11. 
You must indemnify and hold harmless us and our affiliates if we are held liable for claims 
related to the unauthorized use of our Marks, a violation of applicable law, the operation of your 
restaurant, or a breach of the Franchise Agreement. 
12. 
If we terminate the Franchise Agreement with cause or you terminate the Franchise Agreement 
without cause, you will pay us liquidated damages.  These liquidated damages compensate us for 
the loss of the Royalty and are not meant to cover other damages to which we might be entitled 
due to your actions or inaction.  Liquidated damages must be paid within 30 days after 
termination and are calculated by taking the sum of accrued Royalties during the immediately 
preceding 24 full calendar months, plus any applicable taxes assessed on such payment.  If the 
remaining term on the Franchise Agreement is less than 24 months, the number of previous 
months Royalties is reduced to the number of months remaining in the term of the Franchise 
Agreement.  
13. 
You must reimburse us for any taxes we must pay to any state taxing authority on account of 
either your operation or your payments to us.  The amount paid to us must include a gross up in 
an amount necessary to provide us with the after-tax benefit had such additional tax liability not 
been imposed on the payment to us. 
14. 
After termination, if you fail to de-identify the Restaurant as required under the Franchise 
Agreement, you must reimburse us for any costs we incur in doing so.   
