 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
110 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
twenty-four (24) months, the number of previous months Royalties is reduced to the number of 
months remaining in the term of this Agreement.  These liquidated damages are due because actual 
damages will be difficult or impossible to ascertain and are not a penalty.  Cupbop, Franchisee, 
and each of their owners consider this liquidated damages provision to be a reasonable, good faith 
pre-estimate of those damages. Payment of liquidated damages shall be in addition to Cupbop’s 
other rights in this Agreement. 
17. INDEMNIFICATION 
Franchisee agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Cupbop, its affiliates, and their respective owners, 
directors, officers, employees, agents, successors, and assignees (the “Indemnified Parties”) against, and to 
reimburse any one or more of the Indemnified Parties for, all Losses (defined below) of every kind, 
including allegations of negligence by Cupbop and its affiliates and their officers, employees and agents, 
to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law arising out of or related to (a) the unauthorized use of 
the Marks; (b) a violation of applicable law; (c) the construction, renovation, upgrading, alteration, 
remodeling, repair, operation, ownership and use of the Restaurant; and (d) Franchisee’s breach of this 
Agreement.  Franchisee also agrees to defend the Indemnified Parties (unless an Indemnified Party chooses 
to defend at its expense as provided in the following paragraph) against any and all such claims, inquiries, 
actions, investigations, and proceedings, including those alleging the Indemnified Party’s negligence, gross 
negligence, willful misconduct, and willful wrongful omissions. However, Franchisee has no obligation to 
indemnify or hold harmless an Indemnified Party for any Losses to the extent they are determined in a final, 
unappealable ruling issued by a court or arbitrator with competent jurisdiction to have been caused solely 
and directly by the Indemnified Party’s gross negligence (as distinguished from just negligence), willful 
misconduct, or willful wrongful omissions. 
For purposes of this indemnification and hold harmless obligation, “Losses” include all obligations, 
liabilities, damages (actual, consequential, or otherwise), and reasonable defense costs that any Indemnified 
Party incurs. Defense costs include, without limitation, accountants’, arbitrators’, attorneys’, and expert 
witness fees, costs of investigation and proof of facts, court costs, travel and living expenses, and other 
expenses of litigation, arbitration, or alternative dispute resolution, regardless of whether litigation, 
arbitration, or alternative dispute resolution is commenced. Each Indemnified Party, with its own counsel 
and at Franchisee’s expense, may defend and otherwise respond to and address any claim threatened or 
asserted or inquiry made, or action, investigation, or proceeding brought (instead of having Franchisee 
defend it with Franchisee’s counsel, as provided in the preceding paragraph), and, in cooperation with 
Franchisee, agree to settlements or take any other remedial, corrective, or other actions, for all of which 
defense and response costs and other Losses Franchisee is solely responsible (except as provided in the last 
sentence of the preceding paragraph). 
Franchisee’s obligations in this Section will continue in full force and effect subsequent to and 
notwithstanding this Agreement’s expiration or termination. An Indemnified Party need not seek recovery 
from any insurer or other third party, or otherwise mitigate its Losses, in order to maintain and recover fully 
a claim against Franchisee under this Section. Franchisee agrees that a failure to pursue a recovery or 
mitigate a Loss will not reduce or alter the amounts that an Indemnified Party may recover from Franchisee 
under this Section. 
18. GOVERNING LAW, JURISDICTION, DISPUTE RESOLUTION. 
a. GOVERNING LAW. 
Except to the extent this Agreement or any particular dispute is governed by the United 
States Trademark Act, Federal Arbitration Act or other federal laws, this Agreement and any and 
