 
 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC  
25 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
 
4916-3889-4373 
ITEM 12: 
TERRITORY 
You will select, with our approval, a specific location at which you will operate your Restaurant.   
You will not receive an exclusive territory under the Franchise Agreement. You may face competition from 
other franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands 
that we control. We may establish other franchised or company owned locations that may compete with 
your location. 
Beginning in your second year of operation, Restaurants must maintain 50% of the trailing twelve months 
sales average of all of our national restaurants for the term of the Franchise Agreement. Failure to comply 
with this minimum requirement over a 2-year period will be considered a default under your Franchise 
Agreement, and we will have the option, in our sole discretion, to terminate your Franchise Agreement. 
Restaurants are granted a protected territory around their authorized location.  The size and scope of the 
protected territory will vary based on the characteristics of the authorized location, including the population 
density around the location and no minimum territory is guaranteed. We will not during the term of the 
Franchise Agreement establish or operate, nor will we license or franchise to another the right to establish 
or operate a Restaurant in your protected area.  Restaurants are allowed to provide catering services in the 
protected territory as well as any immediately adjacent area, approved in advance in writing by us, that is 
not a part of another franchisee’s protected territory and provided that the services can reasonably be 
provided from the Restaurant.  Restaurants may not provide any service outside of the protected territory 
without prior written approval from us prior to providing such service.   
Your protected territory does not give you any rights to customers within the protected territory, including 
with respect to orders placed online for delivery, whether through us or a designated and approved third-
party delivery service provider.  Online orders placed by customers within your protected territory may be 
fulfilled by us, our affiliates or another franchisee, as we or such approved third-party delivery service 
provider determine.  Except as set forth above, you may only offer the Cupbop products and services at 
your authorized location and may not use any other channel of distribution. 
We utilize available demographic information such as area income figures, traffic patterns, population 
density, competition, zoning, parking, zip codes, site profiles etc. in helping you select a site and 
determining whether to grant approval for any proposed site and determining the catering or delivery areas 
for your Restaurant.   
We must approve any plans to relocate your Restaurant.  Our approval may be conditioned upon the new 
site meeting our then-current specifications for new Restaurants, payment of our then-current relocation fee 
and reimbursing our reasonable costs incurred with such relocation, you signing a general release, and you 
de-identifying the current premises. 
We expressly reserve all rights right to develop, operate or franchise other Cupbop® Restaurants at any 
location we deem appropriate outside of your protected territory and to sell any products in any channel of 
distribution, including, without limitation, internet, catalog, wholesale, department stores, supermarkets, 
gift shops, telemarketing sales, mail order sales, direct sales, special functions, and similar channels or at 
any non-traditional venue, including without limitation, sports arenas and stadiums, convenience stores, 
airports, hospitals, universities, military bases, department stores, corporate campuses or locations where 
the owner or manager sets financial or experiential standards for operators for which you do not qualify 
(“Non-Traditional Venues”) both inside and outside your protected territory under the Cupbop name and 
