 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC   
146 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
Exhibit D:   Area Development Agreement 
4916-3889-4373 
9. 
NOTICES   
Any notice or payment required to be given to either Party is properly given and effective (a) on 
the date of delivery if delivered in person or (b) upon confirmation of receipt (or notice of refusal to accept 
receipt) if delivered by reputable overnight courier, such as FedEx, all fees postage paid, to the respective 
addresses given below, or to another address as is designated by written notice given to the other Party.  
The notice addresses are as follows: 
In the case of Developer:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
With a copy to: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In the case of Cupbop: 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
 
Attn: Dok Kwon 
 
12184 S Business Park Drive, Suite C 
 
Draper, UT 84020 
With a copy to:  
Kirton McConkie PC 
 
Attn: Daniel H. Purdie  
 
Key Bank Tower 
 
36 South State Street, Suite 1900  
 
Salt Lake City, UT 84111 
10. 
MISCELLANEOUS 
a. 
Governing Law and Dispute Resolution.  This Agreement shall be governed by and 
construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Utah, without regard to its conflict of 
laws principles. In the event of a dispute between the Parties, both agree to first try to amicably resolve the 
dispute.  Any dispute that cannot be resolved by the Parties through negotiation shall be governed by the 
dispute resolution provisions of the Franchise Agreement executed by the Parties contemporaneously with 
this Agreement. 
b. 
Assignment. Cupbop has the absolute right to transfer, assign, or sell, by agreement or by 
law, directly, indirectly, or contingently, this Agreement and any right and obligation under this Agreement. 
Developer may not transfer, assign, or sell, by agreement or by law, directly, indirectly, or contingently, 
this Agreement and any right and obligation under this Agreement without the prior written consent of 
Cupbop.  Any purported transfer, assignment or sale by Developer in violation of this Section is void and 
of no effect. 
c. 
Modifications.  This Agreement may not be modified except by a writing signed by 
authorized representatives of both Parties.  It is agreed that no use of trade or other regular practice or 
method of dealing between the Parties hereto shall be used to modify, interpret, supplement, or alter in any 
manner the terms of this Agreement. 
