 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC   
143 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
Exhibit D:   Area Development Agreement 
4916-3889-4373 
5. 
REPORTING AND RECORD KEEPING 
a. 
Business Plan.  Upon request from Cupbop, Developer may be required to submit to 
Cupbop a business plan showing Developer’s projected revenues, costs, staffing and operations in 
exercising the Development Rights.   
b. 
Financial Statements.   
(1) 
Annual Statements.  Upon request, Developer shall deliver to Cupbop, within 30 
days after the close of each calendar year during the Term of this Agreement, an annual profit and 
loss statement, a statement regarding the source and use of funds, and a balance sheet that include 
all of its activities.   
(2) 
Purposes/Other Reports. These reports will be requested for benchmarking 
purposes and to allow Cupbop to provide greater details in its later franchise disclosure documents 
should Cupbop ever opt to provide financial performance representations to future potential 
franchisees and/or area developers.  Developer shall also submit to Cupbop such other financial 
and non-financial reports and information as Cupbop may request from time to time. These 
statements and reports shall be certified as true and correct by Developer and shall be in the form 
and format that Cupbop reasonably specifies. 
c. 
Disclosure.  Cupbop may be required by law, regulation or other legal requirement, or may 
deem it advisable, to disclose information regarding Developer or its operations, including without 
limitation, earnings or other financial performance information. Developer agrees that Cupbop shall be 
entitled to disclose such information and that Cupbop shall have the right to determine the extent and 
manner in which such disclosure will be made. If Cupbop does not have the information necessary for the 
disclosure Cupbop determines it will make, Developer agrees to provide such information to Cupbop 
promptly upon its request. 
6. 
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 
a. 
Confidential Information.  All information that Cupbop furnishes to Developer, whether 
orally or in writing, including, without limitation, this Agreement, any Franchise Agreement, the recipes, 
system, methods, techniques, formulas, formats, specifications, standards, material, curriculum documents, 
lesson plans, training material, marketing materials, audiovisual components, emails, handouts, sources and 
suppliers of equipment, procedures, know-how, information, trade secrets, methods of business 
management, appraisal methods, customer data, sales and promotion techniques, plans, specifications, 
knowledge of and experience in franchise operation, or any other forms of business information, whether 
or not marked as confidential, shall be considered confidential (collectively, the “Confidential 
Information”).  Developer acknowledges and agrees that the Confidential Information is proprietary, 
includes Cupbop’s trade secrets, and Developer (and its shareholders, partners, members and managers, if 
Developer is a business entity) agrees that Developer: (i) shall not use the Confidential Information in any 
other business or capacity other than to the extent necessary to exercise the Development Rights or as 
permitted under the Franchise Agreements; (ii) shall not disclose, reveal or share the Confidential 
Information, except to its employees or contractors who have a need to know such Confidential Information 
for purposes of this Agreement and who are under a duty of confidentiality no less restrictive than its 
obligations hereunder, or to entities or individuals specifically authorized by Cupbop in advance; and (iii) 
shall adopt and implement all procedures prescribed from time to time by Cupbop to prevent unauthorized 
use or disclosure of the Confidential Information, including without limitation complying with all laws 
regulations and best practices related to the protection of customer and financial information.  All 
