 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
86 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
6. MARKS. 
a. OWNERSHIP AND GOODWILL OF MARKS. 
Cupbop Co. has licensed the Marks to Cupbop to use in franchising, developing, and 
operating Cupbop Restaurants. Franchisee’s right to use the Marks is derived only from this 
Agreement and limited to the operation of the Restaurant according to this Agreement and all 
System Standards Cupbop prescribes. Franchisee’s unauthorized use of the Marks is a breach of 
this Agreement and infringes Cupbop’s and Cupbop Co.’s rights in the Marks. Franchisee 
acknowledges and agrees that its use of the Marks and any goodwill established by that use are 
exclusively for Cupbop’s and Cupbop Co.’s benefit and that this Agreement does not confer any 
goodwill or other interests in the Marks upon Franchisee (other than the right to operate the 
Restaurant under this Agreement). All provisions of this Agreement relating to the Marks apply to 
any additional proprietary trade and service marks Cupbop authorizes Franchisee to use. 
Franchisee may not at any time during or after the Term contest or assist any other person in 
contesting the validity, or Cupbop’s and Cupbop Co.’s ownership, of the Marks. 
b. LIMITATIONS ON FRANCHISEE’S USE OF MARKS. 
Franchisee agrees to use the Marks as the Restaurant’s sole identification, except that 
Franchisee agrees to identify itself as its independent owner and operator in the manner Cupbop 
prescribes. Franchisee may not use any Mark (1) as part of any corporate or legal business name, 
(2) with any prefix, suffix, or other modifying words, terms, designs, or symbols (other than logos 
Cupbop has licensed to Franchisee), (3) in providing or selling any unauthorized services or 
products, (4) as part of any domain name, homepage, electronic address, social media address or 
otherwise in connection with a Website, or (5) in any other manner that Cupbop has not expressly 
authorized in writing. If Cupbop discovers an unauthorized use of the Marks, Franchisee must 
destroy all offending items reflecting such unauthorized use at its cost. 
Franchisee may not use any Mark in advertising the transfer, sale, or other disposition of 
the Restaurant or an ownership interest in Franchisee without Cupbop’s prior written consent, 
which Cupbop will not unreasonably withhold. Franchisee agrees to display the Marks 
prominently as Cupbop prescribes at the Restaurant and on vehicles, uniforms, forms, advertising, 
supplies, and other materials Cupbop designates. Franchisee agrees to give the notices of trade and 
service mark registrations Cupbop specifies and to obtain any fictitious or assumed name 
registrations required under applicable law. 
c. NOTIFICATION OF INFRINGEMENTS AND CLAIMS. 
Franchisee agrees to notify Cupbop immediately of any apparent infringement or 
challenge to Franchisee’s use of any Mark, or of any person’s claim of any rights in any Mark or 
any confusingly similar trademark, and not to communicate with any person other than Cupbop, 
Cupbop Co., and Cupbop’s attorneys, and Franchisee’s attorneys, regarding any infringement, 
challenge, or claim. Cupbop and Cupbop Co. may take the action they deem appropriate (including 
no action) and control exclusively any litigation, U.S. Patent and Trademark Office proceeding, 
or other administrative proceeding concerning any Mark. Franchisee agrees to sign any documents 
and take any other reasonable action that, in the opinion of Cupbop’s and Cupbop Co.’s attorneys, 
are necessary or advisable to protect and maintain Cupbop’s and Cupbop Co.’s interests in any 
litigation or Patent and Trademark Office or other proceeding or otherwise to protect and maintain 
Cupbop’s and Cupbop Co.’s interests in the Marks. Cupbop or Cupbop Co. will reimburse any 
such costs for taking requested action. 
