 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
69 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit B – Financial Statements 
 
4916-3889-4373 
 
 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
Notes to Financial Statements 
December 31, 2023 and 20 22 
Long-Lived As.set Impairment 
The C.ompany evaluates me recove.f'abifrty of the canying value of ~
frved assets whenever events or 
circumstances indicate the canyir"Q amount may not be recoverable. If a long-li\led asset is tested for 
recoverabifrty and the undiscounted es5nuted Mure cash flows expected to result from the use and even:ual 
disposition of the asset are less than the carrying anoJnt d the asset the asset cost is adjus:ed to fair value and 
an impairment loss is recognized as the amoun; by which the c:urying amount of a ~lived asset exceeds its 
fair value. 
No asset impairment was recognized during 1he years ended December 31, 2023 or 2022. 
Revenue Recognition 
Revenue is reoognized \\hen oon;rol of the promised goods or se.Moes is transferred to- the Company's 
customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration that it expeas to be entitled to in exchange for those 
goods or seMOeS. The amoun; and timing of revenue recognition varies based on the nature of the goods or 
services provided and me terms and conditions of the cus,:ome.r contract. lhe C.011'\'any execu:es franchise 
agreements that set the terms ot its arrangement 'Mth each franchisee. The franchise agreemems require the 
fn:mchisee to pay an initial, ~refundabJe fee and continuing saleH>ased royalties based on an agreed upon 
percen!age of the franchisee's monthty sales. Subject to me C.Omp.:ny's approval and payment of a renewal fee. 
a fnmchisee may generally renew its agreement upon its expiration. Direct oosts of sale and servicir"Q of fnmc:hise 
agreements are charged to general and administrative expenses as incurred. 
When an individual franchise is sold. me Comp.any agrees to provide certain services to the franchisee such as 
training. The C,ompany reoognizes initial franchise fees as revenue when substantially alJ initial :se.MOeS required 
by the franchise agreemeni: are pe.rfonnedM which is generally '-"°" openir"Q of a s10re. COlntinuing fees are 
recognized as earned. The Company recognizes renewal fees as inoome when a renewal agreement becomes 
e."fective. 
See l'kite 3 for additional i:nforma.5on 3bou1 tthe Company's revenue. 
Income rax e.s 
The Company's me.rrbers have eleo:ed to h ave the Company's income taxed as a limited liability oorpot'a.5on 
under provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. Therefote, taxable income or loss is reported to the incfMdual 
members for inclusion in their respective t.ax retums and no provision for federal and sta:e income taxes is 
included in these financial s,:a:ements. 
The Company has e.lected to pay state inoome taxes at the entity level on behalf of its meni>er "1ia the appficable 
state·s pass-through entity tlX (PTET) regime. in Utah. For financial s,:a:ement purposes, me state PTET 
payments are accounted for as a dsuibution to its member. However. for federal income t.3X purposes, the 
payments are deducted on the C.011'\'any'S federal rec:um. which reduces the tlXabJe i:noome, alloca.:ed to me 
member for reporting on their federal inoome tax r~ms. For the years ended Decent>e.r 31 . 2023 and 2022, 
S42. 132 and SO, respectively. a.re included i:n distributions for s,:a:e PTET payments paid. 
The Comp.any monitors any changes in the tax l.lW'S and regUations of its jurisdicoon tha.: may ilT\'ad i".s PTET 
elections and paymeru on behalf ot its meni>er. Any changes in tax laws and regutations that may impact the 
Company's tax position are evalua.:ed and considered in de::enrining the appropriate accoun1ing treatment for 
PTET payments in the financial statemems. 
Advertising 
The C.Omp.:ny expenses advertising costs as incurred. Advertisir"Q expenses totaled $378.598 llnd $306.387 for 
the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. and are included in selling. general and 
administrative expenses. 
8 
