 
 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC  
22 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
 
4916-3889-4373 
it pays to us from the development of advertising and marketing materials or the placement of advertising.  
We are not obligated to conduct any advertising programs for the franchised system. 
In 2024, we spent 31% on marketing production, 29% on marketing placement, and 40% on administrative 
expenses. You may receive an accounting of the marketing fee, including how the funds were raised and 
spent, by submitting a written request to us.    
As of the issuance date of this disclosure document, we do not form, organize, maintain, or otherwise make 
use of advertising cooperatives, nor do we require you to join one.  We have the right, however, in the 
future, to form, organize, maintain, and otherwise make use of local or regional advertising cooperatives.  
If a local or regional advertising cooperative is formed or organized for the market that includes your 
Restaurant, we have the right to require you to participate in and contribute to the advertising cooperative 
an amount of up to 2% of your Gross Sales, which is in addition to your advertising fees and local 
advertising requirements.  All Restaurants will contribute at the same rate.  Each Restaurant located within 
an advertising cooperative, including any Restaurant owned by us or an affiliate, will be a member of the 
advertising cooperative and have one vote per Restaurant.  The members of each advertising cooperative 
and their elected officers will be responsible for all administration of the advertising cooperative.  Each 
advertising cooperative will engage the services of a professional advertising agency, public relations firm, 
or similar service that meets our approval and has expertise in their market.  Each advertising cooperative 
must have an independent accountant prepare quarterly and annual financial statements, which will be 
made available to us and all Restaurant franchisees in the advertising cooperative.  We have the right to 
require local and regional advertising cooperatives to be formed, changed, dissolved, or merged. 
In no event will the cumulative amount any Restaurant is required to pay in local advertising, advertising 
fund fees, and cooperative advertising fees exceed 6.5% of Gross Sales. 
Franchise Advisory Councils 
There are currently no franchisee advertising councils advising us on advertising policies, however, we 
have the power to form, change, or dissolve such councils. 
Computer System Requirements  
We require that you purchase or lease a computer, software, point-of-sale system, printers, and other 
computer-related accessories and peripheral equipment that provides us the information necessary to audit 
and confirm your Gross Sales and other information that we are allowed to review pursuant to the Franchise 
Agreement.  We also require that you have high-speed internet access in your Restaurant so we will have 
independent access to information contained in your point-of-sale system.  There are no limits on our ability 
to access your data in your point-of-sale or computer systems.  Currently, you may use any internet service 
provider that allows you to access the internet.  You may not use any unapproved computer software or 
security access codes. You must give us all security access codes. The cost to purchase the POS and 
computer system ranges from $2,500 to $5,000 depending on the size, layout, and other features of your 
location. The annual cost to maintain, update and support the point-of-sale and computer system ranges 
between $7,200 to $12,000. 
You must also obtain and use our designated accounting software, currently Quickbooks Online, from our 
designated vendor. The current annual cost for this software is $200, but may change at any time as 
designated by the vendor.  You must have this in place no later than 60 days prior to opening 
