 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC   
142 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
Exhibit D:   Area Development Agreement 
4916-3889-4373 
3. 
EXERCISE OF DEVELOPMENT RIGHTS 
a. 
Execution of Franchise Agreements.  Simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement, 
Developer must sign and deliver to Cupbop a Franchise Agreement for the first Cupbop Restaurant that 
Developer is obligated to acquire under the Development Schedule.  For each subsequent Franchise, prior 
to signing a lease or contract for the location, but subsequent to Developer’s receipt of Cupbop’s then-
current franchise disclosure document and the passage of the mandatory minimum waiting period, if 
applicable to Developer at such time, Developer must sign Cupbop’s then-current franchise agreement, 
which may include terms materially different from, and that may be less favorable to Developer than the 
franchise agreement in effect on the Effective Date of this Agreement.  If Developer’s owners establish a 
new legal entity to operate one or more of the Cupbop Restaurants to be developed pursuant to this 
Agreement and that new legal entity’s ownership is completely identical to Developer’s ownership, that 
legal entity automatically will be considered an “approved affiliated entity” without further action. 
However, if the new legal entity’s ownership is not completely identical to Developer’s ownership, 
Developer first must seek Cupbop’s approval to allow that new entity to operate the proposed Cupbop 
Restaurant. 
b. 
Site Selection and Consent to Develop. Developer is responsible for providing Cupbop 
with the information it requests, including the information required under Developer’s individual Franchise 
Agreements, for each site Developer proposes for a Cupbop Restaurant.   
c. 
Development Schedule.  Developer agrees to comply with the Development Schedule, as 
set forth in Exhibit A to this Agreement.   
d. 
Development Obligations. Cupbop will determine whether Developer has met the 
development obligations under this Agreement based on the number of Cupbop Restaurants that are open 
for business and operating in the regular course of business as of each date listed on the Development 
Schedule as described on Exhibit A.  For purposes of the Development Schedule, the number of Cupbop 
Restaurants operating must be operated pursuant to a fully signed and effective Franchise Agreement and 
a fully paid fee, with all operations in compliance with the applicable Franchise Agreement. DEVELOPER 
ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT 
AND THAT ITS RIGHTS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT ARE SUBJECT TO TERMINATION 
(WITHOUT ANY CURE OPPORTUNITY) IF IT DOES NOT COMPLY STRICTLY WITH THE 
DEVELOPMENT SCHEDULE AND OTHER OBLIGATIONS PROVIDED HEREIN. CUPBOP MAY 
ENFORCE THIS AGREEMENT STRICTLY. 
4. 
FEES.  In consideration of the rights granted in this Agreement, upon execution of this Agreement, 
Developer shall pay to Cupbop a non-refundable development fee based on the number of Cupbop 
Restaurants that Developer agrees to develop according to the following schedule:  $40,000 for the first 
Cupbop Restaurant plus $30,000 for each additional Cupbop Restaurant (the “Development Fee”).  
Developer agrees to pay a Development Fee of $__________ for the right to operate __________ Cupbop 
Restaurants, as further set forth herein.  This Development Fee is fully earned by Cupbop upon execution 
of this Agreement and is not refundable in part or in whole, even if Developer chooses not to ultimately 
develop the number of Cupbop Restaurants outlined in the Development Schedule.  This Development Fee 
is in place of the initial franchise fee that would otherwise be due under each Franchise Agreement and no 
additional initial franchise fee will be due to Cupbop upon execution of each Franchise Agreement entered 
into to meet the Development Schedule.   
