 
 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC  
35 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
 
4916-3889-4373 
Provision 
Section in Franchise or 
Other Agreement 
Summary 
v. 
Choice of forum 
18B of the Franchise Agreement 
Subject to the arbitration requirement, 
litigation must take place in Salt Lake 
County, Utah, subject to applicable 
state law. 
10A of the Area Development 
Agreement 
Subject to the arbitration requirement, 
litigation must take place in Salt Lake 
County, Utah, subject to applicable 
state law. 
w. 
Choice of law 
18A of the Franchise Agreement 
Utah law applies, subject to applicable 
state law. 
10A of the Area Development 
Agreement 
Utah law applies, subject to applicable 
state law. 
ITEM 18: 
PUBLIC FIGURES 
We do not use any public figures to promote our franchise. 
ITEM 19: 
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS 
The FTC's Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to provide information about the actual or potential 
financial performance of its franchised and/or franchisor-owned outlets, if there is a reasonable basis for the 
information, and if the information is included in the Disclosure Document. Financial performance 
information that differs from that included in Item 19 may be given only if: (1) a franchisor provides the 
actual records of an existing outlet you are considering buying; or (2) a franchisor supplements the 
information provided in this Item 19, for example, by providing information about possible performance 
at a particular location or under particular circumstances.  
The following tables present unaudited historical information about the revenues and certain expenses of 
certain Cupbop operations for the calendar year 2024. The Gross Revenue ranges used in the tables were 
selected to ensure an equal number of restaurants were in each group range across all franchise and 
company-owned restaurants, as shown in Table 3. To allow for comparison between the company-owned 
numbers presented in Table 1 and the franchisee numbers presented in Table 2, the same ranges were used.      
TABLE 1  
Company-Owned Restaurants  
The numbers in Table 1 represent data for calendar year 2024 for the 26 company-owned Restaurants and 
in the United States that have been operating for at least one full calendar year as of December 31, 2024. It 
does not include two company-owned Restaurants that have not operated for one full calendar year and also 
does not include one company-owned Restaurant that operates at Utah Valley University on a seasonal and 
limited hours basis during certain months based on Utah Valley University’s academic calendar.  
