 
 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC  
3 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  
 
4916-3889-4373 
Applicable Regulations  
The restaurant industry is heavily regulated and you must comply with those laws specifically applicable 
to the restaurant business, including laws pertaining to food service, food handling and safety, food labeling, 
sanitation, and weights and measurements, if applicable.  There are generally licensing and permitting 
requirements applicable to storefront and special event restaurant services.    You should also be aware of 
federal, state, and local employment laws and regulations, specifically including minimum age and wage 
requirements.  In addition, you may be required to obtain restaurant, business, occupational, food handling, 
and other miscellaneous licenses.  Some states also have laws regarding who may secure these licenses.  
You should investigate these laws further and consult with your own advisors and the government 
agencies for information on how these laws apply to you.  Local law requirements vary by location. 
ITEM 2: 
BUSINESS EXPERIENCE 
Junghun Song:  Chief Executive Officer.  Mr. Song has been the Chief Executive Officer of our parent 
Cupbop Co. since May 2013 when he founded Cupbop and our Chief Executive Officer since our inception 
in November 2014.   
Dok Kwon:  Chief Operating Officer.  Mr. Kwon has been our and our parent Cupbop Co.’s Chief 
Operating Officer since June 2019 and oversees the operations processes, procedures and growth of 
Cupbop.     
Yeiri Kim: Marketing Director.  Ms. Kim has been the Marketing Director of our parent Cupbop Co. 
since May 2013 and our Marketing Director since our inception in November 2014.  Ms. Kim is responsible 
for planning and operating Cupbop’s corporate-level and social media marketing. 
Mike Penn: Vice President - Franchise. Mr. Penn has been our Vice President – Franchise since October 
2023. Prior to his role as Vice President – Franchise, Mr. Penn was the Director of Operations of Cupbop 
from October 2020 to October 2023.  Prior to joining Cupbop, Mr. Penn served as the Director of 
Operations for a Marco’s Pizza franchise group from April 2019 to October 2020.  
Kevin Santiago: Director. Mr. Santiago has been a director of ours and our parent Cupbop Co., since 
January 2021 and the managing partner of our parent Gold Light Holdings, LLC since January 2018.  
Previously, Mr. Santiago was a board member  at Sodalicious, a flavored soda and cookie shop based in 
Utah with stores in Utah, Arizona, and Nevada, from March 2015 to May 2020.  
Jeff Mendez: Director. Mr. Mendez has been a director of ours and our parent Cupbop Co., since January 
2021 and the Co-Founder and Co-Owner of our parent Gold Light Holdings, LLC since January 2018.  Mr. 
Mendez has also been the General Partner and Founder of Roots Management Group, a manufactured 
housing investment group and asset management platform, since February 2017. Previously, Mr. Mendez 
held various positions at Vivint including Vice President of Sales from February 2015 to present. 
Yong Min Kim: Director. Mr. Kim has been a director of ours and our parent Cupbop Co. since March 
2023. Mr. Kim has served as the President and CEO of Nutricost from March 2012 to present. 
ITEM 3: 
LITIGATION 
No litigation is required to be disclosed in this Item. 
