 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
63 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit B – Financial Statements 
 
4916-3889-4373 
 
 
Members and Management 
Cupbop Fnmctise. LLC 
Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements 
Our 0qecti\les are to obtain reasonable assurance about v.hether the financial sta:ements as a whole are 
free from material misstatement. wheme.r due to fraud or error. and to issue an audtols repon that 
includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance 
a.nd me.re."ore is not a guaran:ee tha: an audi1 conducr.ed in accordance v.R.h GAAS \\1.d 3-WJ:YS de::ect a 
ma:erial misstatement when it exists. The risk of not detecting a nuterial misstatement resulting from 
fi'aud is highe.r than for one resulting from e.lTOI'. as fraud may involve coDusion. forgery. in:en-tiona.l 
omissions. misrepresentations. or the ovenide of intemal oon'l'OI. Misstatemena are oonside.red materia.l 
if there is a substamia.l likeJihood tha:. indi'IMu.llly or in the aggrega:e. they WOUd in."luenoe the judgment 
ma.de by a reasonable user based on the financial statemena. 
In performing an audit in aocorda.noe 'Mth GAAS. we: 
• 
Exercise pro€essional judgnent and main!.lin prdessional skepticism mroughoul me audit. 
• 
Identify a.nd assess the risks ot material misstatement ot the financial sta:ements. wheme.r due to 
fraud or e.lTOI'. a.nd design and perfonn ;llJCl'rt procedures responsive to those risks. Such 
procedures include examining. on a test basis. e'\lidenoe regarding the runlUnts and disciosures 
in the financial statements. 
• 
Obtain an understanding ot in:emal con!f'OI releva.nt to the audit in order to design aucfrt 
procedJres that are appropriate in the ci:rcums,:anoes. bu; nOll for the purpose of expressing an 
opinion on the effectiveness of the C,omp.my's in:emal control. Aocordingy. no such opinion is 
eJIP(essed. 
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting poflcies used and the reasonJtieness of significant 
accounting estimates ma.de by management. as well as evalua:e the ovel'a.11 presentation of the 
firuncia.l statements. 
• 
Conclude whemet'. in our judgment. there are conditions or events. considered in the aggregate. 
that raise sut,s.:antial doubE a.bolJl me Comp.my's abili'!y to continue as a going conoem for a 
reasonable period of time. 
We Ye required to communica.te 'Mth those cha.rged with gO\leffla.noe regring. among olher ma.tees, 
the planned scope and timing of the audit. signfficant audi1 findirgs, and certain in:emal c:ontroH'ela:ed 
nu'!ters that we identified duing the audit 
FOltV IS, L-L-P 
Salt Lake City, Utah 
May 31, 2024 
2 
