 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
99 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
viii. The transferee shall sign a document stating that it has received a copy of the 
franchise disclosure documents at least fourteen (14) days prior to closing. 
ix. Franchisee’s non-competition, indemnity and confidentiality obligations, the 
provisions relating to dispute resolutions will survive any transfer. 
d. FRANCHISEE’S DEATH OR DISABILITY. 
In the event of the death or incapacity of an individual franchisee or an owner of 
Franchisee, the heirs or personal representative shall have the right to continue the Franchise 
pursuant to this Agreement; provided that within a reasonable time (not more than one hundred 
and eighty (180) days) after such death or incapacity (or such longer period required by the laws 
of the state where the Restaurant is located) the heirs appoint a representative to act in behalf of 
the heirs in all matters pertaining to the Restaurant as provided for new managers and franchisees, 
including the requirements to have the representative trained and accepted by Cupbop in 
accordance with Cupbop’s standards. The heirs or personal representatives, instead of operating 
the Restaurant themselves under the foregoing procedures may choose to transfer the Restaurant. 
If a decision to transfer is made, the transfer procedures explained above will apply. If Cupbop is 
required to run the Restaurant for a time due to Franchisee’s or an owner’s death, incapacity, 
unexcused absence or as otherwise allowed under this Agreement, Cupbop will charge a 
management fee of five hundred dollars ($500) per person per day, plus Cupbop’s costs of travel, 
food and lodging. In addition, Franchisee must continue to pay all royalties, advertising fees and 
other fees due under this Agreement. 
e. OUR RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL. 
Franchisee hereby grants to Cupbop a right of first refusal to purchase its assets, this 
Agreement, the Restaurant, or ownership in Franchisee’s entity (collectively “Assets”) on such 
terms and conditions specified in a bona fide written offer from a third party who would satisfy 
the criteria for approval as a transferee under this Section. Franchisee agrees to notify Cupbop in 
writing of the terms and conditions of the sale or other transfer, including Assets proposed to be 
transferred, the purchase price or other consideration, any creditor financing terms being extended 
by Franchisee, the date of the proposed transfer, and all other pertinent provisions of the proposed 
sale or transfer. In addition, a copy of any contract, agreement, memorandum of sale, deposit 
receipt, letter of intent and the like, must also be forwarded to Cupbop as soon as it is signed by 
Franchisee. Following receipt of all pertinent data and documents concerning the proposed 
transfer, including any additional data concerning the transaction requested by Cupbop, Cupbop 
shall have forty-five (45) days in which to advise Franchisee in writing of Cupbop’s election to 
have the Assets transferred, assigned to Cupbop on the terms and conditions agreed to by the 
prospective transferee. Should Cupbop elect to purchase the Assets proposed to be transferred 
pursuant to Cupbop’s right of first refusal, the Parties agree to cooperate to accomplish the transfer 
as set forth in the provisions submitted to Cupbop, provided that the date for the completion of the 
transfer can be extended at Cupbop’s option for up to thirty (30) days beyond the date originally 
indicated for the completion of the transfer in order to allow the completion of the transaction in a 
manner more convenient to Cupbop. If Franchisee is an entity, then the above right of first refusal 
provisions shall apply to the sale, pledge, assignment, trade or transfer of forty percent (40%) or 
more of the shares of the corporation, or ownership or membership interests in the entity in one or 
a series of transactions.  
If Cupbop does not elect to purchase the Assets proposed to be transferred, Franchisee 
may complete the proposed transfer on the terms and conditions set forth in Franchisee’s notice to 
