 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
116 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
Any policies that Cupbop adopts and implements from time to time to guide it in its 
decision-making are subject to change, are not a part of this Agreement, and are not binding on 
Cupbop. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement is intended 
or deemed to confer any rights or remedies upon any person or legal entity not a party to this 
Agreement. 
Except where this Agreement expressly obligates Cupbop reasonably to approve or not 
unreasonably to withhold its approval of any of Franchisee’s actions or requests, Cupbop has the 
absolute right to refuse any request Franchisee make or to withhold Cupbop’s approval of any of 
Franchisee’s proposed, initiated, or completed actions that require Cupbop’s approval. The 
headings of the sections and paragraphs are for convenience only and do not define, limit, or 
construe the contents of these sections or paragraphs. 
n. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. 
The preambles and exhibits are a part of this Agreement which, together with the System 
Standards contained in the Brand Standards Manual (which may be periodically modified, as 
provided in this Agreement), constitutes the entire agreement of the Parties, and subject to Section 
24(A), there are no other oral or written understandings or agreements between the Parties, and no 
oral or written representations by Cupbop, relating to the subject matter of this Agreement, the 
franchise relationship, or the Restaurant (any understandings or agreements reached by the Parties, 
or any representations made by Cupbop, before this Agreement are superseded by this Agreement). 
Franchisee may not rely on any alleged oral or written understandings, agreements, or 
representations not contained in this Agreement. However, nothing in this Agreement or any 
related agreement is intended to disclaim any representations in Cupbop’s Franchise Disclosure 
Document.  
o. MULTIPLE COUNTERPARTS. 
This Agreement may be executed in multiple copies, each of which will be deemed an 
original. 
21. NOTICES. 
All written notices, reports, and payments permitted or required to be delivered by this Agreement 
or the Brand Standards Manual will be deemed to be delivered (i) at the time delivered by hand; or (ii) upon 
confirmation of receipt if delivered by overnight courier or by certified or registered mail, return receipt 
requested. 
Any notice must be sent to the following address:  
 
If to us: 
 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
 
Attn: Dok Kwon 
 
12184 South Business Park Drive, Suite C 
Draper, UT 84020 
With a Copy to: 
 
 
Kirton McConkie PC 
 
 
Attn: Daniel H. Purdie  
