 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
108 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
damages alone cannot adequately compensate Cupbop if there is a violation of these 
noncompetitive covenants, and that injunctive relief is essential for the protection of Cupbop  
Franchisee therefore agrees that in case of any alleged breach or violation of this Section by it, 
Cupbop may seek injunctive relief without posting any bond or security, in addition to all other 
remedies that may be available to Cupbop in equity or law.  Notwithstanding the above, Cupbop 
enforcing the covenants made in this Subsection will not deprive Franchisee or its owners of its 
personal goodwill or ability to earn a living. 
e. OUR RIGHT TO PURCHASE RESTAURANT. 
Upon Cupbop’s termination of this Agreement according to its terms and conditions or 
expiration of this Agreement, Cupbop has the option, exercisable by giving Franchisee written 
notice before or within thirty (30) days after the date of termination or expiration, (1) to purchase 
the Restaurant and the fee simple interest in the Premises (if Franchisee or one of its affiliates 
owns the Premises), or (2) if Franchisee (or one of its affiliates) do not own the Premises or Cupbop 
chooses not to purchase Franchisee’s (or its affiliate’s) fee simple interest in the Premises, to 
purchase the Restaurant and exercise the rights under subparagraph (1) below. Cupbop has the 
unrestricted right to assign this option to purchase. 
Cupbop is entitled to all customary warranties and representations in its asset purchase, 
including, without limitation, representations and warranties as to ownership and condition of and 
title to assets; liens and encumbrances on assets; validity of contracts and agreements; and 
liabilities affecting the assets, contingent or otherwise. 
i. Right to Premises.  If Franchisee leases the Premises from an 
unaffiliated lessor, or if Cupbop chooses not to purchase Franchisee’s 
(or its affiliate’s) fee simple interest in the Premises, Franchisee agrees 
(as applicable) at Cupbop’s election: 
1. to assign its leasehold interest in the Premises to Cupbop; 
2. to enter into a sublease for the remainder of the Lease term on the same 
terms (including renewal options) as the Lease; or 
3. to lease the Premises to Cupbop for an initial ten (10) year term, with two 
five (5) year renewal terms (at Cupbop’s option), on commercially 
reasonable terms. 
ii. Purchase Price. The purchase price for the Restaurant and, if applicable, 
the fee simple interest in the Premises will be their fair market value, 
provided that these items will not include any value for: 
1. the Franchise or any rights granted by this Agreement; 
2. goodwill attributable to the Marks, brand image, and other intellectual 
property; or 
3. participation in the network of Cupbop Restaurants. 
Cupbop may exclude from the assets purchased any furniture, fixtures, equipment or other 
items that are not reasonably necessary (in function or quality) to the Restaurant’s operation or 
