 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
100 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
Cupbop subject to Cupbop’s right to approve the proposed transferee and the terms and conditions. 
However, if there are any material changes in the terms and conditions of the proposed transfer 
after Franchisee notifies Cupbop of the proposed transfer, including any changes in the terms and 
conditions occurring after Cupbop notifies Franchisee of Cupbop’s election not to purchase the 
Assets pursuant to Cupbop’s right of first refusal, and any of those changes are less favorable to 
Franchisee, Franchisee agrees to notify Cupbop of the changes in writing and Cupbop shall have 
an additional ten (10) days within which to elect to purchase the Assets proposed to be transferred 
on the revised terms and conditions. If the proposed sale or transfer is not sold to such third party 
within three (3) months after Cupbop elects not to purchase the Assets, Franchisee must re-offer 
Assets to Cupbop before it may sell to a third party. Cupbop has no obligation to purchase the 
Assets. 
f. ACQUISITION.  
If Cupbop receives an offer to acquire a majority of the Cupbop franchises outstanding or 
to purchase a majority of Cupbop’s assets or stock, or to merge or go public or similar transactions, 
Cupbop has the option, but not the obligation, to purchase all of Franchisee’s rights and interests 
in and under this Agreement and the Restaurant at fair market value payable on terms as reasonably 
negotiated. The purchase price will not include compensation for any renewal or successor term. 
Local goodwill will not be taken into account in determining the value. All goodwill belongs to 
Cupbop. If the purchase option is exercised, Franchisee will execute the general release in a form 
substantially similar to the release attached hereto as Exhibit F. Cupbop will close its purchase 
within sixty (60) days after Franchisee receives notice of intention to exercise its right or as soon 
thereafter as reasonably practical. 
14. EXPIRATION OF THIS AGREEMENT.  
a. SUCCESSOR FRANCHISE.  
When this Agreement expires, Franchisee may acquire a successor franchise to operate 
the Restaurant as a Cupbop Restaurant for a term commencing immediately upon the expiration 
of this Agreement and expiring ten (10) years from that date, if: 
i. Franchisee (and each of its owners) have substantially complied with this 
Agreement during its term; and 
ii. Franchisee (and each of its owners) are, both on the date Franchisee gives Cupbop 
written notice of its election to acquire a successor franchise (as provided in 
Subsection 14(B) below) and on the date on which the term of the successor 
franchise is scheduled to commence, in full compliance with this Agreement and 
all System Standards; and 
iii. (a) Franchisee maintains possession of and agree (regardless of cost) to remodel 
and/or expand the Restaurant, add or replace improvements and equipment, 
furnishings and fixtures, and otherwise modify the Restaurant as Cupbop requires 
to comply with System Standards then applicable for new Cupbop Restaurants, or 
(b) at Franchisee’s option, Franchisee secures a substitute premises that Cupbop 
approves and Franchisee develops those premises according to System Standards 
then applicable for Cupbop Restaurants, 
