 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
97 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
by or for Cupbop. 
13. TRANSFER. 
For purposes of clarity with respect to this Section and as used elsewhere in this Agreement the 
term “affiliate” means any person or entity directly or indirectly owned or controlled by, under common 
control with, or owning or controlling Franchisee or Cupbop; and the term “owner” means any person 
holding a direct or indirect ownership interest (whether of record, beneficially, or otherwise) or voting rights 
in Franchisee (or a transferee of this Agreement and the Restaurant or an ownership interest in Franchisee), 
including, without limitation, any person who has a direct or indirect interest in Franchisee (or a transferee), 
this Agreement, the Franchise, or the Restaurant and any person who has any other legal or equitable 
interest, or the power to vest in himself or herself any legal or equitable interest, in their revenue, profits, 
rights, or assets. 
a. TRANSFER BY CUPBOP. 
Cupbop may change its ownership or form and/or assign this Agreement and any other 
agreement to a third party without restriction. After Cupbop’s assignment of this Agreement to a 
third party who expressly assumes the obligations under this Agreement, Cupbop no longer will 
have any performance or other obligations under this Agreement. That assignment will constitute 
a release and novation with respect to this Agreement, and the new owner-assignee will be liable 
to Franchisee as if it had been an original party to this Agreement. Specifically and without limiting 
the foregoing, Franchisee agrees that Cupbop may sell its assets (including this Agreement), the 
Marks, or the Franchise System to a third party; offer its ownership interests privately or publicly; 
merge, acquire other business entities, or be acquired by another business entity; and/or undertake 
a refinancing, recapitalization, leveraged buyout, or other economic or financial restructuring. 
b. TRANSFER BY FRANCHISEE. 
This Agreement is personal as to Franchisee, and is being entered into in reliance upon 
and in consideration of the qualifications and representations of Franchisee and its owners and 
officers. Therefore, neither this Agreement nor any of its rights or privileges, nor any shares or 
units in the ownership of Franchisee’s Entity if it be a corporation, partnership or limited liability 
company, shall be assigned, sold, transferred, or divided in any manner by Franchisee or anyone 
else unless Cupbop’s prior written approval is obtained. Franchisee will provide Cupbop with all 
documentation relating to any transfer. Such approval will not be unreasonably withheld, but may 
be conditioned as set forth in Section 13(c) below. The term “transfer” includes a voluntary, 
involuntary, direct, or indirect assignment, sale, gift, or other disposition of any interest in 
Franchisee, this Agreement, the Restaurant or substantially all of its assets or its owners, if such 
owners are legal entities, including by divorce, insolvency, or entity dissolution proceeding or 
otherwise by operation of law.  The parties agree that in the event a court of competent jurisdiction 
orders Franchisee to transfer to Franchisee’s spouse or a third party all or any part of Franchisee’s 
interest in this Agreement and/or in any property related thereto, such an order will constitute a 
transfer of this Agreement and will cause the transferee to be subject to all of the terms and 
conditions concerning transfers set forth herein. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Franchisee is in full compliance with this Agreement, 
Franchisee may transfer this Agreement to an entity that conducts no business other than the 
Restaurant and, if applicable, other Cupbop Restaurants, in which Franchisee maintains 
management control, and of which Franchisee owns and controls one hundred percent (100%) of 
the equity and voting power of all issued and outstanding ownership interests, provided that all of 
