 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
77 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
or outside the Protected Territory under the Marks or any other trademarks or 
service marks products and/or services that are identical or similar to, and/or 
competitive with, those that Cupbop Restaurants customarily sell; and 
iv. to engage in all other activities that are not expressly prohibited by this 
Agreement. 
d. TERM. 
Unless earlier terminated as provided herein, the term of this Agreement commences on 
the Effective Date and continues for a period ten (10) years from the first day the Restaurant is 
open for business (the “Term”).  Upon opening, Franchisee will execute an acknowledgement 
stating the opening date of the Restaurant substantially in form of the acknowledgment attached 
hereto as Exhibit B and expiration of the Term will be based upon the date set forth in this 
acknowledgment.  If Franchisee fails to execute such an acknowledgment after reasonable request 
by Cupbop, Cupbop may fix the date of opening upon notice to Franchisee based upon Cupbop’s 
reasonable determination of the opening date based upon its records and communications with 
Franchisee.  
e. MINIMUM SALES REQUIREMENT. 
Beginning one year after the Effective Date, the Restaurant must maintain at least fifty 
percent (50%) of the trailing twelve months sales average of all United States Cupbop restaurants 
for the Term of the Franchise Agreement. If the Restaurant falls below this minimum requirement 
over any two-year period during the Term of this Agreement, Franchisee will be considered a 
default under the Franchise Agreement and Cupbop may terminate the Agreement pursuant to 
Section 15(b).  
f. MODIFICATION OF SYSTEM. 
Cupbop has the right to develop, operate, and change the System Standards in any manner 
that is not specifically prohibited by this Agreement. Whenever Cupbop has reserved in this 
Agreement a right to take or to withhold an action, or to grant or decline to grant Franchisee the 
right to take or omit an action, Cupbop may, except as otherwise specifically provided in this 
Agreement, make its decision or exercise its rights based on information readily available to 
Cupbop and its judgment of what is in its best interests, Cupbop Restaurant franchisees or franchise 
system at the time its decision is made, without regard to whether it could have made other 
reasonable or even arguably preferable alternative decisions or whether its decision promotes its 
financial or other individual interest. 
Because complete and detailed uniformity under many varying conditions might not be 
possible or practical, Franchisee acknowledges that Cupbop specifically reserves the right and 
privilege, as it deems best, to vary System Standards for, and to provide different levels of service 
to, any franchisee based upon the peculiarities of any condition or factors that Cupbop considers 
important to that franchisee’s successful operation. Franchisee has no right to require Cupbop to 
grant Franchisee a similar variation or accommodation or to provide the same level of service. 
