 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
109 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
that Cupbop has not approved as meeting System Standards for Cupbop Restaurants, and the 
purchase price will reflect these exclusions. 
iii. Appraisal. If the Parties cannot agree on fair market value, fair market value will 
be determined by one (1) independent accredited appraiser upon whom the Parties 
agree who will conduct an appraisal and, in doing so, be bound by the criteria 
specified in subparagraph (2). The Parties agree to select the appraiser within 
fifteen (15) days after Cupbop notifies Franchisee that it wishes to exercise its 
purchase option (if the Parties have not agreed on fair market value before then). 
The Parties will share equally the appraiser’s fees and expenses. The appraiser 
must complete its appraisal within thirty (30) days after its appointment. The 
purchase price will be the appraised value. If the Parties cannot agree on the 
appraiser, he or she will be chosen by the American Arbitration Association. 
iv. Closing. Cupbop (or its assignee) will pay the purchase price at the closing, which 
will take place not later than sixty (60) days after the purchase price is determined, 
although Cupbop (or its assignee) may decide after the purchase price is 
determined not to purchase the Restaurant and/or the fee simple interest in the 
Premises. Cupbop may set off against the purchase price, and reduce the purchase 
price by, any and all amounts Franchisee or its owners owe Cupbop or its affiliates. 
At the closing, Franchisee agrees to deliver instruments transferring to Cupbop (or 
its assignee): 
1. good and merchantable title to the assets purchased, free and clear of all 
liens and encumbrances (other than liens and security interests acceptable 
to us), with all sales and other transfer taxes paid by Franchisee; 
2. all of the Restaurant’s licenses and permits that may be assigned or 
transferred; and 
3. the fee simple or leasehold interest in the Premises and improvements or 
a lease assignment or lease or sublease, as applicable. 
If Franchisee cannot deliver clear title to all of the purchased assets, or if there are other 
unresolved issues, Cupbop (or its assignee) and Franchisee will close the sale through an escrow 
or another process designed to facilitate the transaction's closing while open issues are addressed. 
Franchisee and its owners further agree to execute general releases, in a form satisfactory to 
Cupbop, of any and all claims against Cupbop and its owners, affiliates, officers, directors, 
employees, agents, successors, and assigns. If Cupbop exercises its rights under this Subsection, 
Franchisee and its owners agree that, for two (2) years beginning on the closing date, Franchisee 
and its owners will be bound by the non-competition covenant contained in Subsection 16(D) 
above. 
f. LIQUIDATED DAMAGES. 
Upon Cupbop’s termination of this Agreement according to its terms and conditions or 
Franchisee’s termination of this Agreement without cause, Franchisee agrees to pay Cupbop 
within thirty (30) days after the effective date of this Agreement’s termination, in addition to the 
amounts owed under Subsection 16(A) above, liquidated damages equal to the sum of accrued 
Royalties during the immediately preceding twenty-four (24) full calendar months, plus any 
applicable taxes assessed on such payment.  If the remaining term of this Agreement is less than 
