 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
96 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
not limited to, sales checks, purchase orders, invoices, payroll records, customer lists, check stubs, 
sales tax records and returns, cash receipts and disbursement journals, and general ledgers).  
b. AUDIT RIGHTS. 
Cupbop may at any time during Franchisee’s business hours or whenever Franchisee (or 
the Managing Owner or General Manager) or employees are at the Premises, and without prior 
notice to Franchisee, examine Franchisee’s (if Franchisee are an Entity) and the Restaurant’s 
business, bookkeeping, and accounting records, sales and income tax records and returns, and 
other records. Franchisee agrees to cooperate fully with Cupbop’s representatives and independent 
accountants in any examination. If any examination discloses an understatement of the 
Restaurant’s Gross Sales, Franchisee agrees to pay Cupbop, within fifteen (15) days after receiving 
the examination report, the Royalty and Fund contributions due on the amount of the 
understatement, plus Cupbop’s late fee and interest on the understated amounts from the date 
originally due until the date of payment. Furthermore, if an examination is necessary due to the 
failure to furnish reports, supporting records, or other information as required, or to furnish these 
items on a timely basis, or if Cupbop’s examination reveals a Royalty or Fund contribution 
understatement exceeding three percent (3%) of the amount that Franchisee actually reported to 
Cupbop for the period examined, Franchisee agrees to reimburse Cupbop for the costs of the 
examination, including, without limitation, the charges of attorneys and independent accountants 
and the travel expenses, room and board, and compensation of Cupbop’s employees. These 
remedies are in addition to Cupbop’s other remedies and rights under this Agreement and 
applicable law. 
12. INSPECTIONS. 
a. OUR RIGHT TO INSPECT THE RESTAURANT. 
To determine whether Franchisee and the Restaurant are complying with this Agreement 
and all System Standards, Cupbop and its designated agents or representatives (including 
“mystery” or “secret” shoppers) may at all times and without prior notice to Franchisee: 
i. inspect the Restaurant and participate in its normal operations; 
ii. photograph the Restaurant and observe and video the Restaurant’s operation for 
consecutive or intermittent periods Cupbop desires, including, but not limited to, 
through an Internet-accessible video monitoring system installed at the Restaurant 
to which Cupbop has continuous, unrestricted access; 
iii. remove samples of any products and supplies; 
iv. interview and interact with the Restaurant’s personnel and customers; and 
v. inspect and copy any books, records, and documents relating to the Restaurant’s 
operation. 
Franchisee agrees to cooperate with Cupbop and its agents and representatives in any such 
activities. Cupbop may hire outside consultants and vendors to perform certain types of audits. If 
Cupbop exercises any of these rights, it will not interfere unreasonably with the Restaurant’s 
operation. Franchisee agrees to present to its customers the evaluation forms that Cupbop 
prescribes and to participate and/or request that customers to participate in any surveys performed 
