 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
87 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
d. DISCONTINUANCE OF USE OF MARKS. 
If it becomes advisable at any time in Cupbop’s opinion for Cupbop, Cupbop Co. and/or 
Franchisee to modify, discontinue using and/or replace any Mark and/or to use one or more 
additional, substitute, or replacement trade or service marks together with or in lieu of any 
previously designated Mark, Franchisee agrees to comply with Cupbop’s directions within a 
reasonable time after receiving notice. Cupbop and Cupbop Co. need not reimburse Franchisee’s 
direct expenses of changing the Restaurant’s signs, any loss of revenue due to any modified or 
discontinued Mark, or Franchisee’s expenses of promoting a modified or substitute trademark or 
service mark. 
Our rights in this Subsection apply to any and all of the Marks (and any portion of any 
Mark) that this Agreement authorizes Franchisee to use. Cupbop may exercise these rights at any 
time and for any reason, business or otherwise. Franchisee acknowledges both Cupbop’s right to 
take this action and Franchisee’s obligation to comply with Cupbop’s directions. 
e. INDEMNIFICATION FOR USE OF MARKS. 
Cupbop agrees to reimburse Franchisee for all damages and expenses it incurs or for which 
Franchisee is liable in any proceeding disputing Franchisee’s authorized use of any Mark under 
this Agreement provided such use is in full compliance with this Agreement, the Brand Standards 
Manual, and System Standards communicated to Franchisee and Franchisee has timely notified 
Cupbop of, and comply with Cupbop’s directions in responding to, the proceeding. At Cupbop’s 
option, Cupbop and/or Cupbop Co. may defend and control the defense of any proceeding arising 
from Franchisee’s use of any Mark under this Agreement. 
7. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. 
Cupbop and Cupbop Co. possess (and will continue to develop and acquire) certain confidential 
information, some of which constitutes trade secrets under applicable law (the “Confidential Information”), 
relating to developing and operating Cupbop Restaurants, including, without limitation, trade secrets; site 
selection criteria; recipes; training and operations materials and manuals; methods, formats, specifications, 
standards, systems, procedures, food preparation techniques, sales and marketing techniques, knowledge, 
and experience used in developing and operating Cupbop Restaurants; marketing and advertising programs 
and materials for Cupbop Restaurants; knowledge of specifications for and suppliers of furniture, fixtures, 
equipment and signs, required food products, branded items and food products, and other products and 
supplies; any computer software or similar technology that is proprietary to Cupbop, Cupbop Co., or the 
franchise system, including, without limitation, digital passwords and identifications and any source code 
of, and data, reports, and other printed materials generated by, the software or similar technology; 
knowledge of the operating results and financial performance of Cupbop Restaurants other than the 
Restaurant; graphic designs and related intellectual property; and all password-protected portions of 
Cupbop’s franchise system’s Website, intranets, and extranets and the information they contain (including 
the email addresses of Cupbop’s franchisees), if applicable; all other intellectual property and information 
that by its nature should be considered confidential or proprietary. 
Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that Franchisee will not acquire any interest in Confidential 
Information, other than the right to use it as Cupbop specifies in operating the Restaurant during the Term, 
and that Confidential Information is proprietary, includes Cupbop’s and Cupbop Co.’s trade secrets, and is 
disclosed to Franchisee only on the condition that Franchisee agrees, and Franchisee hereby does agree, 
that it: (1) will not use Confidential Information in any other business or capacity; (2) will keep confidential 
each item deemed to be a part of Confidential Information, both during and after the Term (afterward for 
