 
Cupbop Franchise, LLC 
113 
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
Exhibit C – Franchise Agreement 
 
4916-3889-4373 
If Franchisee is in breach or default under this Agreement, Cupbop may proceed directly against each such 
individual and/or entity guarantor without first proceeding against Franchisee and without proceeding 
against or naming in the suit any other such individuals and/or entities. Franchisee’s obligations and those 
of each such individual and/or entity will be joint and several. Notice to or demand upon one such individual 
and/or entity will be considered notice to or demand upon Franchisee and all such individuals and/or entities 
and no notice or demand need be made to or upon all such individuals and/or entities. The cessation of or 
release from liability of Franchisee or any such individual and/or entity guarantor will not relieve any other 
individual and/or entity from liability under this Agreement, except to the extent that the breach or default 
has been remedied or money owed has been paid. 
20. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. 
a. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS. 
Franchisee will, at its expense, comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations 
pertaining to the operations of the Restaurant, including any and all licensing and bonding 
requirements.  If any government approval or permit is required for operation of any Restaurant, 
Franchisee is responsible for securing the same at its expense. 
b. INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS. 
The Parties understand and agree that this Agreement does not create a fiduciary 
relationship between Franchisee and Cupbop, that the Parties are and will be independent 
contractors, and that nothing in this Agreement is intended to make either Franchisee or Cupbop 
a general or special agent, joint venture, partner, or employee of the other for any purpose. 
Franchisee agrees to identify itself conspicuously in all dealings with customers, suppliers, public 
officials, Restaurant personnel, and others as the Restaurant’s independent owner and operator 
under a franchise Cupbop has granted and to place notices of independent ownership on the forms, 
business cards, stationery, advertising, and other materials Cupbop requires from time to time.  
The parties may not make any express or implied agreements, warranties, guarantees, or 
representations, or incur any debt, in the name or on behalf of the other or represent that the parties’ 
relationship is other than franchisor and franchisee. Cupbop will not be obligated for any damages 
to any person or property directly or indirectly arising out of the Restaurant’s operation or the 
business Franchisee conducts under this Agreement. 
c. SURVIVAL. 
The parties’ obligations and the provisions of this Agreement that expressly or by their 
nature survive this Agreement’s expiration or termination will continue in full force and effect 
subsequent to and notwithstanding its expiration or termination and until they are satisfied in full 
or by their nature expire. 
d. SEVERABILITY. 
Each article, section, paragraph, term and provision of this Agreement will be considered 
severable and if, for any reason, any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, contrary to 
or in conflict with any applicable present or future law or regulation in a final, unappealable ruling 
issued by any court, agency or tribunal with competent jurisdiction in a proceeding to which 
Cupbop is a party, that ruling will not impair the operation of, or have any other effect upon, such 
other portions of this Agreement as may remain otherwise intelligible, and such other portions will 
