El Paso, TX; Charlottesville, VA; Norfolk, VA; Richmond, VA; Roanoke, VA; Green Bay, WI; La
Crosse, WI; Milwaukee, WI; Wausau, WI; Charleston, WV; Clarksburg, WV; Harrisonburg, WV;
Parkersburg, WV. If you fail to satisfy any of the conditions listed in (i) through (iv) above, the
Standard Incentive program will not apply to the Restaurant. If you satisfy each of the conditions
listed in (i) through (iv) above, then:
(1)

We will credit $125,000 toward the Continuing Franchise Fee owed under
the Franchise Agreement.

(2)

The Continuing Advertising Fee will be amended as set forth below:
Duration of Effective CAF
Opening through Year 1
Year 2
Year 3
Year 4 through remainder of the term

Effective CAF
2%
3%
4%
5%

b.
Strategic Incentive. [Note: Only include if the franchisee qualifies for the Strategic
Incentive] Under our “Strategic Incentive” program, if (i) you and your affiliates are in substantial
compliance with the Franchise Agreement and each other agreement between us and you or your
affiliates, including (if applicable) the Development Agreement, (ii) you open and begin operating the
Restaurant within the Strategic Markets Territory (defined below) in compliance with the Franchise
Agreement on or before the Required Opening Date identified in Section D of the Contract Data
Schedule (the “Opening Deadline”), (iii) you provide to us a report, in the format and containing the
information that we reasonably specify, identifying the amounts that you spend in various categories
relating to the development and opening of the Restaurant within 120 days after the Restaurant first
opens for business, and (iv) you build the Restaurant in the design, to the specifications, and at the
location approved by us, then you will receive the benefits of the Strategic Incentive program described
in this Section. The “Strategic Markets Territory” includes Birmingham, AL; Mobile-Pensacola, AL;
Ft. Smith, AR; Jonesboro, AR; Little Rock, AR; Phoenix, AZ; Bakersfield, CA; Chico-Redding, CA;
Eureka, CA; Fresno, CA; Los Angeles, CA; Monterey, CA; Palm Springs, CA; Sacramento, CA; San
Diego, CA; San Francisco, CA; Santa Barbara, CA; Colorado Springs, CO; Denver, CO; Grand
Junction, CO; Honolulu, HI; Ottumwa, IA; Sioux City, IA; Topeka, KS; Wichita, KS; Alexandria, LA;
Baton Rouge, LA; Lafayette, LA; Monroe, LA; Shreveport, LA; Traverse City, MI; Minneapolis, MN;
Rochester, MN; Columbia-Jefferson City, MO; Joplin-Pittsburg, MO; Kansas City, MO; St. Louis,
MO; Biloxi, MS; Columbus, MS; Greenwood, MS; Hattiesburg, MS; Jackson, MS; Meridian, MS;
Lincoln, NE; Omaha, NE; Albuquerque, NM; Reno, NV; Oklahoma City, OK; Tulsa, OK; Memphis,
TN; Abilene, TX; Amarillo, TX; Austin, TX; Beaumont, TX; Corpus Christi, TX; Dallas, TX;
Harlingen, TX; Houston, TX; Laredo, TX; Lubbock, TX; Odessa, TX; San Angelo, TX; San Antonio,
TX; Sherman, TX; Tyler, TX; Victoria, TX; Waco, TX; Wichita Falls, TX; Salt Lake City, UT. If you
fail to satisfy any of the conditions listed in (i) through (iv) above, then the Strategic Incentive program
will not apply to the Restaurant. If you satisfy each of the conditions listed in (i) through (iv) above,
then:
(1)

We will credit $225,000 toward the Continuing Franchise Fee owed under the
Franchise Agreement.

2
2026 Dunkin’ FDD
Exhibit C-4 - Incentives Amendment to the Franchise Agreement
1625632887.3

