Interest in Approved Suppliers
Some of our officers own interests in Inspire Brands and its subsidiaries, and Inspire Brands owns an
interest in Checkmate.com, Inc. (one of our suppliers), so some of our officers have an indirect interest
in Checkmate.com, Inc. Except as disclosed above, there are no approved or designated suppliers in
which any of our officers or directors own an interest.
Proportion of Purchases Subject to Specifications
Collectively, the purchases and leases that you must make from us and our affiliates, from designated
or approved suppliers, or under our standards and specification represent more than 95% of your
purchases and lease to establish, and more than 95% of your purchases and leases to operate, the
Restaurant.
Payments from Franchisee Purchases and Leases
During the 2025 fiscal year, we derived revenue from the franchisee’s payment of the initial and ongoing fees for the franchisee’s access to and participate in The Center ($2,000,000, or 0.3% of our
total revenue of approximately $944,000,000). Additionally, during the 2025 fiscal year, our affiliates
received a total of $132,600,000 from the sale or lease of products and services to the franchisees,
including all payments from franchisees under their leases with our affiliates. This amount does not
include the pass-through payments that our affiliate collects from franchisees and pays over to
vendors, because our affiliate does not classify those payments as revenue for accounting purposes.
Other than these amounts, neither we nor our affiliates derived any revenue during the 2025 fiscal
year from selling or leasing products or services to franchisees.
Cooperatives and Purchasing Arrangements
National DCP, LLC (“NDCP”) is the designated supplier for purchasing and distribution services for
the System. NDCP may, at its option, participate in certain purchasing arrangements negotiated by
us or our affiliates. NDCP is an entity that is owned by Dunkin’ franchisees and generally passes on
savings to its members through lower prices and patronage dividends. Since we operate Dunkin’
Restaurants, we participate as a member of the NDCP and as a voting member on the NDCP Board
of Directors. When you sign a Franchise Agreement, you must become a participating franchisee of
NDCP. To become a participating franchisee, you must sign a membership agreement, which requires
you to, among other things, purchase all of your food and non-food products through NDCP, receive
distribution services from NDCP, pay a one-time membership fee (currently $2,500), sign a personal
guarantee, and agree to the then-current terms and conditions. Please contact NDCP for a description
of the then-current terms and conditions of the membership agreement. Except as described here,
there are currently no purchasing or distribution cooperatives.
Material Benefits for Certain Purchases
We do not provide any material benefits to franchisees in return for their purchase of particular
products or services or using designated suppliers.

56
Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

