DUNKIN’ BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Fair Value Measurements
The Company’s financial instruments include cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts and notes receivable,
accounts payable and other current liabilities. The fair value of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts and notes
receivable and accounts payable approximates book value due to their short-term nature. The Company has not changed the
valuation techniques used in measuring the fair value of any financial assets or liabilities during 2025.
For certain of the Company’s assets and liabilities, valuation techniques under the accounting guidance related to fair value
measurements are based on observable and unobservable inputs. Observable inputs reflect readily obtainable data from
independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect the Company’s market assumptions. These inputs are classified into
the following hierarchy:
Level 1 Inputs: Quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.
Level 2 Inputs: Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar
assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations whose inputs are observable or whose
significant value drivers are observable.
Level 3 Inputs: Pricing inputs are unobservable for the assets or liabilities and include situations where there is little,
if any, market activity for the assets or liabilities. The inputs into the determination of fair value require significant
management judgment or estimation.
Reclassifications
Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified for consistency with the current year presentation. These reclassifications
had no effect on the reported results of operations.
Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements
Income Taxes (ASU 2023-09)
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, "Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax
Disclosures" ("ASU 2023-09") which requires additional disclosures in the rate reconciliation about specific categories of
reconciling items and any individual jurisdictions that result in a significant difference between the statutory tax rate and the
effective tax rate. ASU 2023-09 also requires entities to disclose annual income taxes paid (net of refunds received)
disaggregated by federal, state and foreign taxes and in some cases to disaggregate the information by jurisdiction based on
a quantitative threshold. The Company adopted ASU 2023-09 during the year ended December 28, 2025 on a retrospective
basis. The updated disclosures are reflected in Note 9.
The Company reviewed all other newly issued accounting pronouncements and concluded that they either are not applicable
to the Company's operations or that no material effect is expected on the Company's consolidated financial statements when
adoption is required in the future.

15

