Multi-Brand Locations
If we permit you to operate the Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, the services, guidance and
assistance that we provide under the Franchise Agreement, including any training, may be intended
for stand-alone Dunkin’ Restaurants and not tailored or specific to Multi-Brand Locations. We may
modify our training, staffing and other similar requirements to address any employees that are crosstrained to operate both the Dunkin’ Restaurant and the Other Restaurants. However, you must ensure
that all employees who provide services to the Dunkin’ Restaurant’s customers or otherwise assist in
the Dunkin’ Restaurant’s operation are properly trained to operate the Dunkin’ Restaurant and
otherwise satisfy our requirements. We have no obligation to provide training, services or other
assistant with respect to the development or operation of any Other Restaurant (Sections 4 and 5 of
the MBA). However, you are required to complete all training required for the Other Restaurant(s),
as described under each applicable Other Franchisor’s franchise agreement.
ITEM 12:
TERRITORY
The Franchise Agreement
You will operate the Restaurant at a specific location that we first must accept. If you have not located
the Premises as of the Franchise Agreement’s effective date, you must secure, by lease or purchase,
a suitable site with enough time to develop and open the Restaurant by the Required Opening Date
identified in the Franchise Agreement. We may terminate the Franchise Agreement if you do not
secure a site, develop, and open the Restaurant by the Required Opening Date identified in the
Franchise Agreement. You will not receive an exclusive territory. You also do not have any type of
nonexclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we own,
or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control. We retain the right to
operate or license others to operate Dunkin’ Restaurants and other concepts, and to grant other
licenses relating to the Proprietary Marks, at such locations and on such terms as we choose. We may
use or license others to use the Proprietary Marks in ways that compete with your location and that
draw customers from the same area as your Restaurant.
You may not distribute products other than Menu Items at and through your Restaurant, including
alternative channels of distribution. We use alternative channels of distribution for our products and
trademarks, and we may expand our sale of products on a local, regional, national, or international
basis. We have the right to distribute (or license others to distribute) products identified by our
trademarks (or by any other name or trademark) anywhere and in any form (for example, in packages
or otherwise), regardless of the proximity to your location, through any distribution methods or
channels. These other sources of distribution could compete with you. Among others, we reserve
the right to distribute goods and services through the Internet and other electronic communications,
telephone, mail or other methods, regardless of the destination of the products or services.
If you wish to relocate your Restaurant, you must seek our approval in writing and provide us all the
information that we need to evaluate your proposal. Any such request will be subject to our prior
written approval of the proposed new site and our determination that you have met our then-current
criteria for relocation. Our approval process for a proposed relocation is substantially the same
process as it is for considering a proposed new location. Among other requirements to be approved
for a relocation, you must be current with all your obligations to us and our affiliates, and you may
be required to sign our then-current form of Franchise Agreement (which may be materially different
75
Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

