DUNKIN’ DONUTS FRANCHISING LLC
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents
The Company continually monitors its positions with, and the credit quality of, the financial institutions in which it
maintains its deposits and investments. As of December 28, 2025 and December 29, 2024, the Company maintained
balances in various cash accounts in excess of federally insured limits. All highly liquid investments with a maturity of three
months or less when acquired are considered cash equivalents.
The Company believes that its vulnerability to risk concentrations in its cash equivalents is mitigated by its policies
restricting the eligibility, credit quality and concentration limits for its placements in cash equivalents.
Restricted cash and cash equivalents primarily consist of cash held to meet certain reserve requirements in conjunction with
the securitization transactions as described in Note 7.
Accounts and Notes Receivable, net
Accounts and notes receivable, net consist primarily of royalties, franchise fees and advertising fees due from franchisees.
The Company monitors the financial condition of its franchisees and licensees and estimates the allowance for credit losses
based upon the lifetime expected loss on receivables. These estimates are based on historical collection experience with the
Company's franchisees and licensees as well as other factors, including those related to current market conditions and
events. While the Company uses the best information available in making its determination, the ultimate recovery of
recorded receivables is also dependent upon future economic events and other conditions that may be beyond its control.
Intangible Assets, net
The Company’s intangible assets subject to amortization consist of franchise agreements. Franchise agreements are
amortized on a straight-line basis using estimated useful lives (10 - 29 years).
The Company reviews definite-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of the related asset groups may not be recoverable. The asset groups are not recoverable if their carrying
value exceeds the undiscounted cash flows the Company expects to generate from such asset groups. If the asset groups are
not deemed to be recoverable, impairment is measured based on the excess of their carrying value over their fair value.
During the fiscal years ended December 28, 2025, December 29, 2024, and December 30, 2023, the Company determined
that no impairment was indicated for its intangible assets.
Contingencies
The Company records an accrual for legal and other contingencies when information available to the Company indicates
that it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Predicting the
outcomes of claims and litigation and estimating the related costs and exposures involve substantial uncertainties that could
cause actual costs to vary materially from estimates.
Revenue Recognition
Revenue is recognized in accordance with a five-step revenue model, as follows: identifying the contract with the customer;
identifying the performance obligations in the contract; determining the transaction price; allocating the transaction price to
the performance obligations; and recognizing revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies the performance obligations.
Franchise fees and royalty revenues
Domestically, the Company sells individual franchises as well as territory agreements in the form of store development
agreements (“SDAs”) that grant the right to develop restaurants in designated areas. The franchise agreements and SDAs
typically require the franchisee to pay initial nonrefundable franchise fees prior to opening the respective restaurants and
continuing fees, or royalty revenues, on a weekly basis based upon a percentage of franchisee gross sales. The initial term of
domestic franchise agreements is typically 20 years. Prior to the end of the franchise term or as otherwise provided by the
Company, a franchisee may elect to renew the term of a franchise agreement and, if approved, will typically pay a renewal
fee upon execution of the renewal term. If approved, a franchisee may transfer a franchise agreement or SDA to a new or
existing franchisee, at which point a transfer fee is paid. Occasionally, the Company offers incentive programs to franchisees
in conjunction with a franchise/license agreement, territory agreement, or renewal agreement.

8

