windows, programs, and innovation, among other things. The MSC is comprised of the elected
Regional Marketing Committee Co-Chairs and Vice Chairs, Core Market Co-Chairs and other elected
Franchisee representatives covering the Brand-defined geographical regions.
Local Marketing
If you prepare any advertising, marketing, promotional, customer relationship management, public
relations and other brand-related programs for the Restaurant (collectively, “Local Marketing”)
materials or programs, then you must submit the materials and programs and their proposed use to us
for our prior written approval in advance of any use. You may not use any Local Marketing materials
or programs that we have not approved or have disapproved. Additionally, you also must comply
with any Standards and guidelines that we periodically specify concerning Local Marketing.
Multi-Brand Locations
If we permit you to operate the Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, unless we otherwise specify or
approve, none of the advertising, marketing or promotional materials associated with the Restaurant
may reference any Other Restaurant or the brand(s) under which they operate. (Section 4(f) of the
MBA)
Technology and Computer Systems
Overview
All Restaurants are required to purchase or lease and use in the operation of the Restaurant the
“Restaurant Technology System” that we designate for the size and configuration of your Restaurant
only from our approved and designated suppliers (which may include us or our affiliates). We may
grant limited exceptions for certain components of the Restaurant Technology System in atypical
circumstances, such as unique contractual obligations of the Premises. In such circumstances, you
may be required to purchase additional equipment and incur additional costs. You will use the
Restaurant Technology System to process credit and gift cards, accept mobile orders and payments,
accept online orders and payments, configure and present menu items, pricing, and taxation, access
your back-office systems, access and run your video surveillance systems, run your drive thru, use
the Dunkin’ learning and marketing programs and courses, and connect to the Internet.
We may periodically require changes or upgrades to the specific software, hardware and computer
equipment. No contract limits the frequency or cost of your obligations. We will have unlimited,
independent access to the information that your POS system and other internet-connected technology
systems generate and stores, including detailed sales information. For clarity’s sake, we will not
access individual employee personal data (including contact information, social security numbers,
rate of pay or similar information) without your consent or a legal requirement. You must ensure that
your POS system and internet-connected technology systems are online and available for access. You
alone are responsible for analyzing, addressing, fixing, and assuring your own POS and technology
compliance, including any required Payment Card Industry (“PCI”) compliance. You are required to
complete the annual self-assessment questionnaire. You should assemble a team to understand the
POS and related technology problems within your business.
We require that you maintain all components of the Restaurant Technology System in compliance
with our Standards, and you must have maintenance agreements in place with approved and
64
Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

