Multi-Brand Locations. You will find those incentives in the Jimmy John’s® franchise
disclosure document.
ITEM 8:
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
In order to ensure a uniform image and uniform quality of products and services throughout the
Dunkin’ network, you must maintain and comply with our Standards, as we periodically modify them.
Our Standards may regulate various aspects of the System and the development and operation of
Dunkin’ Restaurants, including the location, physical characteristics and quality of operating systems
and other aspects of restaurants; the products sold and services provided; the qualifications of
suppliers; the qualifications, organization and training of franchisees and their personnel; the timely
marketing of products and our brand, including execution of marketing windows; and all other things
that we periodically specify affecting the experience of consumers who patronize Dunkin’
Restaurants. We make the Standards available to you in our Manuals and in other forms of
communication, which we may update from time to time.
You must purchase or lease all equipment, fixtures, furnishings, and signage for the Restaurant (the
“Operating Assets”), the retail information system and related equipment and programs (including
the electronic point-of-sale cash register system (“POS System”) that we approve), inventory,
supplies, materials, and other products and services for the Restaurant only according to the Standards
and, if we require, only from suppliers and/or distributors that we designate or approve from time to
time (which may include or be limited to us or our affiliates). Currently you must acquire products
for your Restaurant through NDCP (described below). From time to time, we may enter into or
require national or regional exclusive supply arrangements with one or more independent suppliers
for certain approved products, subject to any then-existing arrangements with NDCP. In evaluating
the need for an exclusive supplier, we may take into account, among other things, the uniqueness of
the product; the projected price and required volume of the product; the investment required and the
ability of the supplier to meet the required quality and quantity of the product; the availability of
qualified, alternative suppliers; the duration of the exclusivity; and the desirability of competitive
bidding.
You must use and participate in The Center, our online learning platform, for initial and on-going
training obligations, and you must pay us the initial and on-going fees to access and participate in The
Center, as described in Item 5 and Item 6 above. Additionally, you must sign contracts with approved
suppliers and participate in our then-current gift card program operated by or through our approved
suppliers (that may include us or our affiliates), currently attached here as Exhibit K.
Every supplier must demonstrate to our satisfaction that it can meet all of our specifications,
standards, and requirements and has adequate capacity to supply our franchisees’ quantity and
delivery needs, which may mean, among other things, the ability to supply all franchisees in the
System. We provide our relevant standards and specifications to approved suppliers and is not
available to you. A list of approved suppliers is available in the Manuals.
If you wish to use a supplier we have not previously approved, you may request approval by
submitting the request to us in writing. Our criteria for approving alternative suppliers is not available
to you or your proposed supplier. We may require that samples from the supplier be delivered to us
or to a designated independent testing laboratory for testing prior to approval and use. You must
reimburse us for the costs we incur to test the samples from the suppliers, and we expect that the cost
53
Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

