(8)
comply with Standards from us, prevailing industry standards (including payment
card industry data security standards), all contracts to which you are a party or otherwise bound, and
all applicable laws and regulations, as any of them may be modified from time to time, regarding the
organizational, physical, administrative and technical measures and security procedures to safeguard
the confidentiality and security of customer data on your computer system or otherwise in your
possession or control and, in any event, employ reasonable means to safeguard the confidentiality
and security of customer data;
(9)
offer or sell any products to a third party for subsequent resale only with our prior
written approval;
(10)
comply with all requirements that we periodically specify relating to delivery service
from the Restaurant (if we approve the Restaurant to offer delivery); and
(11)
place orders with us or our approved and designated supplier(s) at such times and in
such manner as we or our approved and designated supplier(s) prescribe from time to time. You will
provide us or our approved and designated supplier(s) with a means of access to the Restaurant’s
frozen storage facility for delivery in accordance with regular route schedules as we or our approved
and designated supplier(s) prescribe from time to time. We or our approved and designated
supplier(s) may refuse to process orders or impose a reasonable late or additional delivery charge for
orders that are not timely placed.
7.B
Compliance with Laws. You agree to comply at all times with all laws, ordinances, rules,
regulations and orders of public authorities pertaining to the occupancy, operation and maintenance of the
Restaurant and Premises. You represent and warrant to us that none of your (or your Owners’) property or
interests is subject to being blocked under, and you and your Owners otherwise are not in violation of,
Executive Order 13224 issued by the President of the United States, the USA PATRIOT Act, or any other
federal, state, or local law, ordinance, regulation, policy, list or other requirement of any governmental
authority addressing or in any way relating to terrorist acts or acts of war.
7.C
Inspections. You agree that our employees, representatives and agents have the right to enter the
Restaurant and Premises, without notice during business hours, to determine your compliance with Standards
and this Agreement. During the course of any such inspection, we may (among other things) photograph or
video any part of the Restaurant; discuss Restaurant-related operations with the Restaurant’s personnel,
customers and prospective customers; and select ingredients, products, supplies, equipment and other items
from the Restaurant to evaluate whether they comply with our Standards. We agree to establish (and may
periodically modify) Standards requiring our employees, representatives and agents, as well as vendors and
other third parties with whom we contract, to present reasonable identification upon your or your Restaurant
manager’s request before entering into restricted areas of the Restaurant which customers cannot typically
access. We may require you to immediately remove non-conforming items from the Restaurant at your
expense, and we may remove them at your expense if you do not remove them upon request.
7.D
Determination of Prices. Except as we may be permitted by law to require a particular price, you are
free to determine the prices you charge for the products you sell.
7.E
Standards and Conditions of Employment. We and you agree that any materials, guidance or
assistance that we provide with respect to the terms and conditions of employment for your employees,
employee hiring, firing and discipline, and similar employment-related policies or procedures, whether in the
Manuals or otherwise, are solely for your optional use. Those materials, guidance and assistance do not form
part of the mandatory Standards. You will determine to what extent, if any, these materials, guidance or
assistance should apply to the Restaurant’s employees. You acknowledge that we do not dictate or control
7
2026 Dunkin’ FDD
Exhibit C-2 - Combo Franchise Agreement
1625632960.2

