(9)

Drive-Thru Audio System. We require you to purchase, install, and maintain the digital DriveThru audio system from our approved vendor. The cost for digital Drive-Thru audio
equipment is a one-time fee that we estimate to range between $4,500 to $9,000, depending
on the type of system installed.

(10)

Credit Card Processing Services / Payment Terminal Device. You are required to participate
in the approved credit card program with our approved vendor, which currently includes
MasterCard, Visa, American Express, and Discover. You should expect to pay monthly bank
and service fees for this service as well as fixed and variable transactional fees for processing.
Each POS System terminal accepting tender must be interconnected to the payment terminal
device with appropriate software to encrypt and tokenize the payment transactions provided
by our approved vendor. The costs for the payment terminal hardware and accessories range
from $500 to $700 per unit. Installation costs per Restaurant range from $175 to $500.
Hardware and software maintenance for payment terminals range from $320 to $400 per year.
Variable costs depend on the number of payment terminals present.
If we grant your Restaurant a limited exception to not use the required POS System, you may
instead be required to install and maintain an external credit card and/or gift card payment
processing device for each exception POS terminal that accepts tender. The range for such
equipment is from $500 to $1,250 per POS terminal. In addition, Restaurants could purchase
additional payment terminals for their Restaurants and the cost ranges from $375 to $450.
Hardware and software maintenance for the additional payment terminals range from $320 to
$400 per year. Installation costs per Restaurant range from $175 to $500.
You may be required to purchase fraud prevention services from our approved vendor for
your Restaurant’s online, mobile, and remote/advance ordering transactions from our
approved vendor. The current cost of such fraud prevention services is between $0 and $0.02
per transaction.

(11)

Stored Value Card. You are required to participate in the store value card (“SVC”) program.
Guests can add stored value to their cards with cash, credit or debit card, mobile wallets or
card issuer tender programs, and the amount of the purchase they make with the card is
automatically deducted from its stored value. The POS System has the SVC functionality
integrated into the system; therefore, no additional hardware is required. You should expect
to pay weekly and/or monthly bank and/or service fees as well as fixed and variable
transactional fees for processing. A fee between $0 and $0.02 per transaction is applicable to
in-store activations, reloads or purchases made using stored value cards in your Restaurant.
These charges and fees may be adjusted as program and related costs change.

(12)

Advance and Remote Ordering. We may require you to participate in advance and remote
ordering programs through our approved vendor(s), which enables guests to place orders
remotely, in advance. The on-going cost of the program may include fixed monthly fees
ranging from $0 to $75 as well as transaction fees ranging from 2.0% to 15.0% of the order
amount. Initial configuration, installation, and hardware costs range from $150 to $2,600 per
Restaurant.

68
Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

