ITEM 16:
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL
We require you to confine your business to the operation of a Restaurant. You may not conduct any
other business or activity at the Restaurant without our prior written approval. You may only offer
or sell products that we have approved, and you must offer for sale the full menu that we require. We
may periodically add, delete, or change the list of products that you are required to offer at your
Restaurant. There are no limits on our right to do so. If you operate a Dunkin’ Restaurant from an
SDO location, the menu that we require may be different from the full menu required at traditional
Dunkin’ Restaurants.
In offering products for sale, you may only use ingredients, products, materials, supplies, paper goods,
uniforms, fixtures, furnishings, signs, and equipment that we have approved, and you also must follow
our required methods of product preparation and delivery.
Your franchise is limited to one location and all sales must be made only from that location. You are
not permitted to sell or distribute goods or services through the Internet or other electronic
communications without our prior written authorization. We have the right to require which third
party services are permitted relating to your Restaurant, under what conditions, and for how long, and
to establish standards for your use of delivery or catering services and, we have the right to change
those standards periodically as we see fit. You may incur costs associated with third party delivery
services including hardware, software, delivery fees, service fees, and other expenses.
If we permit you to operate the Dunkin’ Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you may offer the
products and services authorized by the Other Franchisor under the Other Franchise Agreement in
connection with the operation of the Other Restaurant at the Multi-Brand Location.
ITEM 17:
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP
These tables list certain important provisions of the franchise and related agreements. You
should read these provisions in the agreements attached to this Disclosure Document.
Provision
a. Length of the franchise
term

Section in the
Agreement
FA: Contract Data
Schedule C, §2.B
MBA: §3

20 years

DA: §6.A

Based on number of Restaurants to be developed.

82
Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

Summary

