Franchise Agreement on or before the required opening date (and, if applicable, the
Development Agreement), we will provide you with a CFF credit of $125,000.
Strategic Incentive. If you qualify for the Strategic incentive program, then for each
traditional Dunkin’ Restaurant in the Strategic Markets that you or your affiliates develop
and open under the Strategic incentive program in compliance with the terms of the
Franchise Agreement on or before the required opening date (and, if applicable, the
Development Agreement), we will provide you with a CFF credit of $225,000.
Pacific Northwest Incentive Program: If you qualify for the Pacific Northwest Incentive
program, then:
A.

For each traditional Dunkin’ Restaurant in the Pacific Northwest Territory that
you or your affiliates develop and open under the Pacific Northwest Territory
incentive program in compliance with the terms of the Franchise Agreement
on or before the required opening date (and, if applicable, the Development
Agreement), we will provide you with a CFF credit of $25,000.

B.

For the first traditional Dunkin’ Restaurant in the Pacific Northwest Territory
that you or your affiliates ever develop and open under the Pacific Northwest
Incentive program in compliance with the terms of the Franchise Agreement
on or before the required opening date (and, if applicable, the Development
Agreement), we will also provide you with an additional CFF credit of $50,000
for that first Restaurant (the “One-Time Opening Incentive Credit”);

C.

For the first and each subsequent traditional Dunkin’ Restaurant in the Pacific
Northwest Territory that you or your affiliates develop and open under the
Pacific Northwest Incentive program in compliance with the terms of the
Franchise Agreement on or before the required opening date (and, if
applicable, the Development Agreement) during the 2026 or 2027 calendar
year, we will provide you with a CFF credit equal to $300,000 (the “2026–
2027 Opening Incentive Credit”); and

D.

For each subsequent traditional Dunkin’ Restaurant in the Pacific Northwest
Territory that you or your affiliates develop and open under the Pacific
Northwest Incentive program in compliance with the terms of the Franchise
Agreement on or before the required opening date (and, if applicable, the
Development Agreement) during the 2028 calendar year or later, we will
provide you with a CFF credit equal to $250,000 (the “2028+ Opening
Incentive Credit”).

Within 30 days from the opening date of the Restaurant, any applicable Continuing
Franchise Fee credits will be credited to you to be applied to Continuing Franchise Fee
payments due during the Term (without interest). You may combine the Pacific Northwest
Incentive program with the Early Opening Incentive and VetFran programs described
below.
If you fail to satisfy any of the applicable conditions, then, the Standard, Strategic and
Pacific Northwest Incentive programs will not apply to the Restaurant(s). The Standard,
39
Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

