need not do so at this time to protect them. You may use these items only as we specify while
operating your Restaurant and must stop using them if we so direct you.
There currently are no effective adverse determinations of the USPTO, the United States Copyright
Office, or any court regarding the copyrighted materials. No agreement limits our right to use or
allow others to use the copyrighted materials. We do not actually know of any infringing uses of our
copyrights that could materially affect your use of copyrighted materials in any state. We need not
protect or defend copyrights, although we may do so if in the system’s best interests. We may control
any action we choose to bring, even if you voluntarily bring the matter to our attention. We need not
participate in your defense and/or indemnify you for damages or expenses in a proceeding involving
a copyright.
Confidential Information
We will disclose certain confidential information to you during the terms of the Franchise Agreement.
“Confidential Information” includes information relating to us or the Dunkin’ System that is
proprietary, provides a competitive advantage to Dunkin’ Restaurants, and is not generally available
to the public, including development plans for Dunkin’ Restaurants; certain proprietary information
in the Manuals and Standards, including recipes, products and specifications; data relating to past
advertising, marketing, promotional, customer relationship management and other brand-related
programs and materials used by Dunkin’ Restaurants and future plans for those programs; knowledge
of specifications for and suppliers of certain proprietary Operating Assets and other products and
services that Dunkin’ Restaurants use or sell; and other trade secrets and proprietary know-how
relating to the methods of developing, operating and marketing the Restaurant. We and our affiliates
own all right, title and interest in and to the Confidential Information.
Under the Franchise Agreement you will agree that you and your Owners (1) will not use any
Confidential Information in any other business or capacity, whether during or after the term of the
Franchise Agreement, and will not sell, trade or otherwise profit in any way from the Confidential
Information, except during the term of the Franchise Agreement using methods we approve; (2) will
keep the Confidential Information absolutely confidential, both during the term of the Franchise
Agreement and thereafter for as long as the information is not in the public domain, and will not make
unauthorized copies of any Confidential Information disclosed in written or other tangible or
intangible form; and (3) will adopt and implement all reasonable procedures that we periodically
designate to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information, including restricting
its disclosure to Restaurant personnel and others needing to know such Confidential Information to
operate the Restaurant, and using confidentiality agreements we specify with those having access to
Confidential Information.
“Confidential Information” does not include information, knowledge or know-how that is or becomes
generally known in the restaurant industry (without violating an obligation to us or our affiliates) or
that you knew from previous business experience before we provided it to you (directly or indirectly).
If we include any item in Confidential Information, anyone who claims that it is not Confidential
Information must show by reasonable evidence that the exclusion in this paragraph is fulfilled.
Innovations
All ideas, concepts, techniques or materials relating to a Dunkin’ Restaurant, whether or not
protectable intellectual property and whether created by or for you or your Owners (including the
80
Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

