franchisees. Costs are constantly changing, and your costs may be higher. You should
diligently investigate all potential costs before proceeding.
The typical freestanding Restaurant has eating areas seating from 10 to 40 customers. Larger
Restaurants have walk-in refrigeration/freezer unit included in the gross square footage. Some
projects may allow the walk-in refrigeration/freezer unit to be located outside of the building
structure. Restaurants may only be serviced by authorized manufacturing facilities.
To ensure that an adequate supply of acceptable product is available for sale at the Restaurant,
products must be transported in a suitable vehicle and in suitable containers on a schedule and
in a manner acceptable to us in compliance with federal, state, and local regulations, as well
as our quality, freshness, and other standards. You will be required to purchase a delivery
vehicle which meets certain standards. The estimated total does not include the cost of a
delivery vehicle. Usually only one delivery vehicle is needed for each network of Restaurants.
Additional vehicle(s) may be required, depending upon the size and design of the vehicle, the
number, time, and number of deliveries, the distance between deliveries, and other factors.
Restaurants may vary from one another in many respects. For example, Restaurants in urban
trade areas may be multi-level with kitchen, storage, sales, and seating areas on 2 or more
levels, or have limited or no seating. Kitchen, storage, and sales areas may be smaller than
Restaurants in other areas. Specially designed equipment may be necessary. Urban
Restaurants may have no dedicated parking, require elevators, specially designed doorways,
have limited access and require greater security measures. This may require special
arrangements for deliveries of raw materials, products, and supplies to and from the
Restaurant. Trash may require special handling, such as daily pickup. On average, urban
Restaurants sell more individual products than, for example, dozens or half dozen donuts,
which may increase the unit cost of products sold. Labor costs may be higher in urban
Restaurants due to a wide variety of factors, including Restaurant configuration, competition
for available workers, minimum wage requirements and other factors. We encourage you to
talk to franchisees who operate Restaurants in similar trade areas to gain a better
understanding of how your trade area may vary.
(13)

Combo Restaurants. The costs to develop a Combo Restaurant are similar to the costs to build
a Baskin-Robbins Restaurant; however, Combo Restaurants will have an additional
equipment requirement. You will find build costs for the Baskin-Robbins portion of the
Combo Restaurant in the Baskin-Robbins disclosure document. We encourage you to talk to
franchisees who operate Combo Restaurants in similar trade areas to gain a better
understanding of how your costs may vary.

(14)

Multi-Brand Locations. If we permit you to develop a Dunkin’ Restaurant at a Multi-Brand
Location, you may incur additional expenses to establish the Other Restaurant(s), including
initial franchise fee, initial training program, computer system, signage, fixtures, furniture,
equipment, initial inventory, and other expenses. You will find the build costs and other costs
to establish each applicable Other Restaurant(s) in the Other Franchisor’s franchise disclosure
document. You may pay less than the cumulative total estimated initial investments for both
a Dunkin’ Restaurant and Other Restaurant if certain expenses overlap, such as rent and
insurance. Also, if you operate your Dunkin’ Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location and the
Other Restaurant that you operate at that Multi-Brand Location is a Jimmy John’s® restaurant,
then you may qualify for 1 or more incentives available to Jimmy John’s® restaurants at
52

Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

