15.D Claims Not a Defense. You agree that the existence of any claims against us, whether or not arising
from this Agreement, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by us of any provision of this
Agreement.

SECTION 16. MISCELLANEOUS
16.A Relationship of the Parties. This Agreement does not create a fiduciary relationship between us and
you. You have no authority, express or implied, to act as our or our affiliate’s agent for any purpose. You are
an independent contractor responsible for all obligations and liabilities of, and for all loss or damage to, the
Restaurant and its business. We and you are not and do not intend to be partners, associates, or joint employers
in any way, and we shall not be construed to be jointly liable for any of your acts or omissions under any
circumstances. Neither party is liable for any act, omission, debt or any other obligation of the other.
16.B Waivers. Either we or you may by written instrument unilaterally waive or reduce any obligation of
or restriction upon the other under this Agreement, effective upon delivery of written notice to the other or
another effective date stated in the notice of waiver. However, no interpretation, change, termination or waiver
of any of this Agreement’s provisions shall be binding upon us unless in writing and executed by one of our
officers, and which is specifically identified as an amendment, termination or waiver under this Agreement.
Any waiver we grant will be without prejudice to our other rights and may be revoked at any time and for any
reason, effective upon ten (10) days’ prior written notice. Our waiver of your breach of any provision of this
Agreement or any Standard applies only to that one breach and that one provision or Standard, and not to any
subsequent breach of that provision or Standard or any other provision or Standard. Our acceptance of any
payments due under this Agreement shall not be deemed to be our waiver of any preceding breach. If we
accept payments from any person or entity other than you, such payments will be deemed made by such person
as your agent and not as your successor or assignee. We may waive or modify any obligation of other
franchisees under agreements similar to this Agreement, without any obligation to grant a similar waiver or
modification to you.
16.C Severability. Except as expressly provided to the contrary in this Agreement, each Section, subsection
and provision of this Agreement is severable, and if, for any reason, any part is held to be invalid or contrary
to or in conflict with any applicable present or future law or regulation in a final, unappealable ruling issued
by any court or agency with competent jurisdiction, that ruling will not impair the operation of, or otherwise
affect, any other portions of this Agreement, which will continue to have full force and effect and bind the
parties. If any covenant which restricts competitive activity is deemed unenforceable by virtue of its scope in
terms of area, business activity prohibited, and/or length of time, but would be enforceable if modified, we and
you agree that the covenant will be enforced to the fullest extent permissible under the laws and public policies
applied in the jurisdiction whose law determines the covenant’s validity. If any applicable and binding law or
rule of any jurisdiction requires more notice than this Agreement requires of termination or of our refusal to
enter into a renewal franchise agreement, or if, under any applicable and binding law or rule of any jurisdiction,
any provision of this Agreement or any Standard is invalid, unenforceable or unlawful, the notice and/or other
action required by the law or rule will be substituted for the comparable provisions of this Agreement, and we
may modify the invalid or unenforceable provision or Standard to the extent required to be valid and
enforceable or delete the unlawful provision in its entirety.
16.D Interpretation. The preambles and exhibits are a part of this Agreement which, together with any riders
or addenda executed at the same time as this Agreement, constitutes our and your entire agreement and
supersedes all prior and contemporaneous oral or written agreements and understandings between them
relating to the subject matter of this Agreement. There are no other oral or written representations, warranties,
understandings or agreements between us and you relating to the subject matter of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall disclaim or require you to waive reliance on
any representation that we made in the most recent disclosure document (including its exhibits and
20
2026 Dunkin’ FDD
Exhibit C-1 - Dunkin’ Franchise Agreement
1625632961.4

