DUNKIN’ DONUTS FRANCHISING LLC
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Fair Value Measurements
The Company’s financial instruments include restricted cash and cash equivalents, accounts and notes receivable, and
accounts payable and accrued expenses. The fair value of restricted cash and cash equivalents, accounts and notes receivable
and accounts payable and accrued expenses approximates book value due to their short-term nature. Asset groups containing
long-lived assets are tested for impairment if an event occurs that indicates an impairment may have been incurred, using
fair value measurements with unobservable inputs (Level 3). The Company has not changed the valuation techniques used in
measuring the fair value of any financial assets or liabilities during 2025 or 2024.
For certain of the Company’s assets and liabilities, valuation techniques under the accounting guidance related to fair value
measurements are based on observable and unobservable inputs. Observable inputs reflect readily obtainable data from
independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect the Company’s market assumptions. These inputs are classified into
the following hierarchy:
Level 1 Inputs: Quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.
Level 2 Inputs: Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar
assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations whose inputs are observable or whose
significant value drivers are observable.
Level 3 Inputs: Pricing inputs are unobservable for the assets or liabilities and include situations where there is little, if
any, market activity for the assets or liabilities. The inputs into the determination of fair value require significant
management judgment or estimation.
Reclassifications
Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified for consistency with the current year presentation. These reclassifications
had no effect on the reported results of operations.
Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements
Income Taxes (ASU 2023-09)
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, "Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax
Disclosures" ("ASU 2023-09") which requires additional disclosures in the rate reconciliation about specific categories of
reconciling items and any individual jurisdictions that result in a significant difference between the statutory tax rate and the
effective tax rate. ASU 2023-09 also requires entities to disclose annual income taxes paid (net of refunds received)
disaggregated by federal, state and foreign taxes and in some cases to disaggregate the information by jurisdiction based on
a quantitative threshold. The Company adopted ASU 2023-09 during the year ended December 28, 2025 on a retrospective
basis. The pronouncement did not have a material impact on the related disclosures in Note 6.
The Company reviewed all other newly issued accounting pronouncements and concluded that they either are not applicable
to the Company's operations or that no material effect is expected on the Company's financial statements when adoption is
required in the future.
3.

ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED EXPENSES
Accounts payable and accrued expenses consist of the following:
2025

(in thousands)
$

Accrued settlements

2024
1,881

$

1,748

$

2,656

1,018

Other
$

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

10

2,899

908

