Confidential Information, anyone who claims that it is not Confidential Information must show by reasonable
evidence that the exclusion in this paragraph is fulfilled.
9.F
Innovations. All ideas, concepts, techniques or materials relating to a Dunkin’ Restaurant, whether or
not protectable intellectual property and whether created by or for you or your Owners (including the ideas,
concepts, techniques or materials developed for you by your employees or contractors to which you own the
intellectual property rights) (collectively, “Innovations”) must be promptly disclosed to us and will be deemed
to be our sole and exclusive property, part of the System, and works made-for-hire for us. To the extent any
Innovation does not qualify as a work made-for-hire for us, by this paragraph you assign ownership of that
Innovation, and all related rights to that Innovation, to us and agree to execute (and to cause your Owners to
execute) whatever assignment or other documents we reasonably request to evidence our ownership or to help
us obtain intellectual property rights in the Innovation. We and our affiliates have no obligation to make any
payments to you or any other person with respect to any Innovations. You may not use any Innovation in
operating the Restaurant or otherwise without our prior approval.
9.G
Franchisee Proprietary Information. We agree to keep confidential any Franchisee Proprietary
Information (defined below), except: (1) in connection with anonymous general information disseminated to
our franchisees, prospective franchisees or other parties; (2) in the formulation of plans and policies in the
interest of the Dunkin’ Restaurant network; or (3) if required by law or any legal proceeding. “Franchisee
Proprietary Information” means information about your or your Owners’ (and/or your or their affiliates’)
ownership, capital structure or financial results that would by its nature, be considered by a reasonable person
to be confidential; provided that Franchisee Proprietary Information does not include any information that is
owned by us (or our affiliates) or otherwise is part of the definition of Confidential Information.

SECTION 10. RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS
10.A Acknowledgements. You acknowledge that as our franchisee, you (and your Owners and Restaurant
personnel) will receive specialized training, including operations training, in the System that is beyond your
present skills and those of your managers and employees. You further acknowledge that you will receive
access to our Confidential Information which will provide a competitive advantage to you. As a condition of
training you, sharing our Confidential Information with you and granting you a license to operate the
Restaurant and use our intellectual property, we require the following covenants in order to protect our
legitimate business interests and the interests of other franchisees in the Dunkin’ Restaurant network.
10.B Covenants During the Term. During the Term, neither you nor any of your Owners, officers, directors
or guarantors may:
(1)
have a direct or indirect ownership interest in, perform any services or other activities
for, provide any assistance to, sell any products to, or receive any financial or other benefit from any
business or venture that derives, or is reasonably expected to derive, more than twenty percent (20%)
of its overall revenue from a combination of coffee and/or baked goods (other than another Dunkin’
Restaurant operating under a franchise agreement with us) (a “Competitive Business”);
(2)
divert or attempt to divert any Dunkin’ Restaurant business or customer or prospective
customer away from the Restaurant or another Dunkin’ Restaurant;
(3)
oppose the issuance of a building permit, zoning variance or other governmental
approval required for the development of another Dunkin’ Restaurant; or
(4)
perform any act injurious or prejudicial to the goodwill associated with the Proprietary
Marks or any Dunkin’ Restaurant.
10
2026 Dunkin’ FDD
Exhibit C-1 - Dunkin’ Franchise Agreement
1625632961.4

