DA #________
percent (20%) of its overall revenue from combination of coffee, baked goods, ice cream, and/or
other frozen treats (other than another Combo Restaurant, Dunkin’ restaurant, or Baskin-Robbins
restaurant operating under a franchise agreement with us) (a “Competitive Business”);
(2)
divert or attempt to divert any Combo Restaurant business or customer or
prospective customer away from any Combo Restaurant;
(3)
oppose the issuance of a building permit, zoning variance or other governmental
approval required for the development of another Combo Restaurant; or
(4)
perform any act injurious or prejudicial to the goodwill associated with the
Proprietary Marks or any Combo Restaurant.
The restrictions in this Section 5.C shall not apply to the ownership of (i) less than two percent (2%)
of a company whose shares are listed and traded on a national or regional securities exchange; or (ii) a
passive investment interest of less than fifteen percent (15%) in any real estate development company,
provided that such interest does not include any management control, voting rights, or other direct or indirect
control over the policies or operations of that development company, such as any rights or control with
respect to the tenants, owners or other concepts in any real estate development.
D.
Acknowledgements. You acknowledge that a breach of the covenants contained in this
Section 5 will be deemed to threaten immediate and substantial irreparable injury to us and give us the right
to obtain immediate injunctive relief without limiting any other rights we might have. If a court or other
tribunal having jurisdiction to determine the validity or enforceability of this Section 5 determines that,
strictly applied, it would be invalid or unenforceable, then the time, geographical area and scope of activity
restrained shall be deemed modified to the minimum extent necessary such that the restrictions in this
Section 5 will be valid and enforceable.
6.

TERM, EXTENSION AND RENEWAL.

A.
Term. The term of this Agreement begins on the date of this Agreement and expires on the
date set forth on Exhibit B, unless the term is extended in accordance with Section 6.B or this Agreement is
sooner terminated in accordance with Section 7.
B.
Mid-Term Extension Option. Beginning on the date that you (or your Controlled Affiliates)
open the first Restaurant that satisfies at least half of your development obligations under the Development
Schedule and continuing for the period that ends one (1) year before the this Agreement expires (unless it is
terminated sooner), and provided that you and your affiliates are fully complying with this Agreement and all
other Related Agreements and satisfy our then-current Criteria to Expand, you may submit to us a written
request to extend the term of this Agreement and increase in the number of Restaurants that you (or your
Controlled Affiliates) must develop under this Agreement (the “Extension Request”). You understand that in
calculating the number of Restaurants that you have opened to determine whether you have satisfied at least
half of your development obligations, we will not count any non-gas/convenience store SDO developed
pursuant to Section 2.B(2) above. Upon receiving your valid Extension Request, we and you agree to
negotiate in good faith to determine the number of additional Combo Restaurants to be developed (under our
then-current initial franchise fee, continuing franchise fee and other franchise terms), their required opening
dates, and any changes to the Development Area. However, although we and you agree to negotiate in good
faith, both parties understand and agree that they may be unable to successfully determine the terms of this
extension, in which case the terms of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect notwithstanding the
Extension Request.
5
2026 Dunkin’ FDD
Exhibit D-2 - Combo Development Agreement
1625632964.2

