DA #________
(3)
we believe, in our reasonable judgment, that the sale price of the interest to be
conveyed is not so high, and the terms of sale are not so onerous, that it is likely the transferee would
be unable to properly develop the Combo Restaurants in accordance with the Development Schedule
and meet all financial and other obligations to us and to third parties;
(4)
at the time of transfer, you and all of your Owners sign our then-current form of
general release that releases all claims that you (or your Owners) may have against us, our affiliates,
and our and their respective officers, directors, owners and employees (it being acknowledged that if
after an approved transfer, an Owner no longer has an interest in the business, then such Owner is
relieved of further obligations to us under the terms of this Agreement, except for money obligations
through the date of transfer and post-termination obligations); and
(5)
the transferee (if the transfer is of this Agreement) agrees to be bound by all terms
and conditions of this Agreement for the remainder of the term.
E.
Transfer Fees. For a Control Transfer, at the time of transfer, you must pay us a transfer fee
equal to ten thousand dollars ($10,000), whether or not we exercise our rights in Section 8.G. For a NonControl Transfer, at the time of transfer, you must pay us our then-current fixed documentation fee.
F.
Transfer on Death. Within twelve (12) months after the death of you or any of your Owners
and notwithstanding any agreement to the contrary, the deceased’s legal representative must propose to us in
writing to transfer the interest of the deceased in this Agreement to one or more transferees. Any such
transfer must occur within eighteen (18) months after such individual’s death, and is subject to our prior
written consent, which we will not unreasonably withhold, in accordance with this Section 8.
G.
Right of First Refusal. If you or any of your Owners at any time determine to engage in any
Control Transfer, then we will have a right of first refusal to be the purchaser of that interest under the same
terms and conditions contained in the purchase and sale document (but subject to our rights under this
Agreement and our standards). You must comply with our standards and requirements pertaining to our right
of first refusal, including by providing us with a fully-executed copy of any offer or purchase and sale
document (including any referenced documents) for the sale. We will have sixty (60) days following our
receipt of the fully-executed purchase and sale documents (including any referenced documents) and other
materials concerning the proposed transferee(s) and the transfer that we request, to notify you whether we are
exercising our right of first refusal. Upon our exercise, we (or our assignee) will have the benefit of all of the
rights and time periods that the original proposed transferee(s) had as of the date that they signed the
purchase and sale documents, including any applicable diligence periods and periods before closing. We
may at our option assign our right of first refusal under this Section 8.G, without recourse, to any assignee,
who will then have all of our rights under this Section 8.G to purchase the interest directly from you (or your
Owner), and we shall have no further liability or obligation in connection with this Section 8.G with respect
to that transfer. If you do not complete the sale to the proposed buyer (with our approval) within ninety (90)
days after we notify you that we do not intend to exercise our right of first refusal, or if there is a material
change adverse to you in the terms of the offer (which you must tell us promptly), then we will have an
additional right of first refusal during the sixty (60)-day period following either the expiration of the ninety
(90)-day period or our receipt of notice of the material change in the offer’s terms, on the modified terms.
9.

DISPUTE RESOLUTION.

A.
Governing Law. This Agreement, the franchise, and all claims arising from the relationship
between us and you shall be governed by the laws of the State of Georgia, without regard to its conflict of
laws rules; provided, however that any Georgia law regulating the sale of franchises or governing the
9
2026 Dunkin’ FDD
Exhibit D-2 - Combo Development Agreement
1625632964.2

