the cost of the POS System equipment, you will be required to pay monthly and yearly
maintenance and user fees.
(5)

License, Permit Fees and Deposits. The range does not include government imposed impact
fees. We estimate such fees, when imposed, can be $87,000 or more in some markets. Some
local governments may also require a performance bond, which is not included in the range.

(6)

Real Estate Costs. Real estate costs vary considerably according to the type of Restaurant, real
estate values in your area, your real estate interest (leasehold or ownership), location, size of
the site, code requirements and other factors, including labor, as well as whether you, your
landlord, or we develop the Restaurant. Depending upon how your deal is structured, you
may pay some or all the actual cost. Factors that typically affect your real estate costs include
your cost to negotiate your lease (or buy the property), fair market lease values and lease terms
in your area, how the costs to renovate or develop the land, building and other site
improvements are allocated between landlord and tenant and interest costs, among others.
Lease terms are individually negotiated and may vary materially from one location or
transaction to another.
Your building costs may be lower if we or your landlord develop the location, but your real
estate costs, including your annual rent, may be higher. Your rent may be based on
development costs and reflect a rate of return on the landlord’s initial investment, as well as
other factors. If you elect to buy land, it can cost an additional $100,000 to $1,200,000 (or
more).

(7)

Opening Inventory. Before opening a Restaurant, you must purchase an initial inventory
consisting of products from suppliers approved by us. The assortment and number of these
items will be based upon the size and configuration of your Restaurant. The estimated cost
for the opening inventory of these products varies for different locations, seasons, and the
storage capacity of the restaurant. Your initial inventory of merchandise and supplies needed
for the operation of your Restaurant will include raw ingredients and products for resale,
containers and other paper, plastic or similar goods, maintenance and cleaning materials,
office supplies and miscellaneous materials and supplies.

(8)

Miscellaneous Opening Costs. The range includes costs for pre-opening franchisee employee
training payroll, utility deposits (e.g., gas, water, electricity, and telephone); petty cash;
distribution center refundable fees for Restaurants that receive distribution center deliveries,
and miscellaneous expenses (e.g., interior landscaping plants, sound system, office supplies,
licenses, permits, and banking pre-opening costs).

(9)

Insurance. You must provide insurance coverage in accordance with our published standards
(as amended from time to time), including but not limited to commercial general liability
coverage with minimum limits in the amount of $2,000,000 per occurrence, employment
practices liability coverage with minimum limits in the amount of $1,000,000 per occurrence,
all risk property coverage including, but not limited to, flood and earthquake protection, plate
glass coverage, and employers liability and workers’ compensation insurance, and maintain
other insurance in accordance with our published standards (subject to change), and maintain
other insurance in accordance with state law requirements. Some property owners may
require higher levels of commercial general liability insurance or other insurance coverage
under their leases. You also must name us, our owners, and affiliates (including Inspire
50

Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

