Our Predecessors, Parents, and Certain Affiliates
DB Master Finance LLC (“DB Master Finance”) and DB Master Finance Parent LLC (“DB Master
Finance Parent”) are two of our parent companies. Both are Delaware limited liability companies
with the same principal business address as us. Another one of our parent companies, Dunkin’
Brands, Inc. (“Dunkin’ Brands”), is a Delaware corporation with the same principal business address
as us. Under a securitization financing transaction that closed in 2015 (the “Securitization
Transaction”), Dunkin’ Brands signed a management agreement with us and certain of our affiliates
to perform our obligations under the Development Agreements and Franchise Agreements and
provide other support to the System. We pay management fees to Dunkin’ Brands for these services.
As the franchisor, we are responsible and accountable to you to make sure that all of our obligations
under your Development Agreement and Franchise Agreement are performed in compliance with the
respective agreements, regardless of whether we, Dunkin’ Brands, or another third-party performs
those services on our behalf. DB Master Finance and various entities affiliated with DB Master
Finance have entered into additional secured financing transactions subsequent to the Securitization
Transaction, and may enter into other securitization and other financing transactions in the future. As
a result of these transactions, there have been certain restructuring of various DB Master Finance
affiliates, which are described in this Item 1.
Each of the affiliates listed in the table below provide products or services to Dunkin’ franchisees.
Unless otherwise specified below, each affiliate is a Delaware limited liability company, has the same
principal business address as us, has not operated Dunkin’ Restaurants, and has not granted franchises
in any line of business:
Affiliate

Products or Services Provided to Dunkin’ Franchisees

DB Real Estate Assets I LLC
(formed March 2006)

Leases or subleases real estate to Dunkin’ franchisees.

DB Real Estate Assets II LLC
(formed March 2006)

Leases or subleases real estate to Dunkin’ franchisees.

SVC Service II Inc. (Tennessee
corporation formed March 2020)

Collects and manages stored value card funds.

DBLF LLC (formed June 2020)

Collects and reconciles loyalty purchases and redemptions.

IRB Holding Corp.

Provides certain technology services and payment processing services.

Inspire Brands Affiliated Programs
Another of our parent companies is Inspire Brands, Inc. (“Inspire Brands”), whose principal business
address is the same as our address. Inspire Brands is a global, multi-brand restaurant company,
launched upon completion of the merger between a parent of the Arby’s brand and a parent of the
Buffalo Wild Wings brand in February 2018. Subsidiaries of Inspire Brands listed below are our
affiliates who own and administer the network of franchised and company-owned restaurants
operating under the Arby’s, Buffalo Wild Wings, Buffalo Wild Wings-GO, Jimmy John’s, Sonic,
Dunkin’ and Baskin-Robbins brands. Unless otherwise stated, all Inspire Brands’ subsidiaries share
our principal business address. Except as described below, none of Inspire Brands’ subsidiaries have

4
Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

