intended nor deemed to confer any rights or remedies upon any person or entity not a party to this
Agreement. The parties’ rights and remedies under this Agreement and applicable law are cumulative. You
may not withhold payment of any amounts owed to us or our affiliates on the grounds of our or their alleged
nonperformance of any of our or their obligations under this Agreement or any other agreement. Captions,
paragraph designations and section or subsection headings are included in this Agreement for convenience
only, and in no way define or limit the scope or intent of the provisions. If two or more persons are at any
time parties to this Agreement as the franchisee under this Agreement, whether as partners or joint venturers,
their obligations and liabilities to us will be joint and several. The words “include,” “including,” and words
of similar import shall be interpreted to mean “including, but not limited to” and the terms following such
words shall be interpreted as examples of, and not an exhaustive list of, the appropriate subject matter. This
Agreement may be executed by electronic signature and/or in multiple copies, each of which will be deemed
an original.
16.E Binding Effect and Amendment. This Agreement is binding upon us and you and our and your
respective executors, administrators, heirs, beneficiaries, permitted assigns and successors in interest.
Subject to our rights to modify the Manuals, Standards and System, this Agreement may not be amended or
modified except by a written agreement executed by both us and you.
16.F Exercise of Our Judgment. Whenever we reserve discretion in a particular area or where we agree to
exercise our rights reasonably or in good faith, we will satisfy our obligations whenever we exercise
reasonable business judgment in making our decision or exercising our rights. Our decisions or actions will
be deemed to be the result of reasonable business judgment, even if other reasonable or even arguably
preferable alternatives are available, if our decision or action is intended, in whole or significant part, to
promote or benefit the System or Combo Restaurants generally even if the decision or action also promotes
our financial or other individual interest. Examples of items that will promote or benefit the System or
Combo Restaurants include enhancing the value of the Proprietary Marks, improving customer service and
satisfaction, improving product quality, improving uniformity, enhancing or encouraging modernization and
improving the competitive position of the System or Combo Restaurants.
16.G Notices. All notices delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall be sent by nationally recognized
overnight courier or certified mail to the physical addresses set forth in the Contract Data Schedule, or to
such other physical addresses as you and we provide each other in writing; provided, however, that we may
also send notice to you at the email address(es) set forth in the Contract Data Schedule, or such other email
addresses as you may provide to us in writing. All notices to us shall be sent to us “c/o Dunkin’ Brands, Inc.,
as Manager, Attention: Legal Department.”
16.H No Related Party Liability. You agree that none of our past, present or future directors, officers,
employees, incorporators, members, partners, stockholders, subsidiaries, affiliates, controlling parties,
entities under common control, ownership or management, vendors, service providers, agents, attorneys or
representatives will have any liability for: (1) any of our obligations or liabilities relating to or arising from
this Agreement; (2) any claim against us based on, in respect of, or by reason of, the relationship between
you and us; or (3) any claim against us based on any of our alleged unlawful acts or omissions.
16.I
No Waiver or Disclaimer of Reliance in Certain States. The following provision applies only to
franchisees and franchises that are subject to the state franchise disclosure laws in California, Hawaii,
Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North Dakota, Rhode Island, South Dakota,
Virginia, Washington or Wisconsin:
No statement, questionnaire or acknowledgment signed or agreed by you in connection with the
commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any
22
2026 Dunkin’ FDD
Exhibit C-2 - Combo Franchise Agreement
1625632960.2

