RECEIPT
This disclosure document summarizes certain provisions of the Franchise Agreement, Development
Agreement, and other information in plain language. Read this disclosure document and all agreements
carefully.
If Dunkin’ Donuts Franchising LLC offers you a franchise, it must provide this disclosure document to you at
the earlier of 14 calendar days before you sign a binding agreement or payment of consideration in connection
with the proposed franchise sale, or sooner if required by applicable state law.
New York requires that we give you this disclosure document at the earlier of the first personal meeting or 10
business days before the signing of a binding agreement or payment of any consideration that relates to the
franchise relationship. Michigan requires that we give you this disclosure document at least 10 business days
before the execution of any binding agreement or the payment of any consideration, whichever comes first.
If Dunkin’ Donuts Franchising LLC does not deliver this disclosure document on time or if it contains a false
or misleading statement, or a material omission, a violation of federal and state law may have occurred and
should be reported to the Federal Trade Commission, Washington, D.C., 20580 and the appropriate state
agency identified on Exhibit A.
Issuance Date: March 26, 2026
The franchise sellers for this offering are __________________________, Dunkin’ Donuts Franchising LLC,
Three Glenlake Pkwy NE, Atlanta, Georgia 30328, 678-514-4100.
I received a disclosure document dated March 26, 2026, that included the following Exhibits:
A.

List of State Agencies and Agents for Service
of Process

G-2.

B.
C-1.
C-2.

Financial Statements and Guarantee
Dunkin’ Franchise Agreement
Combo Franchise Agreement

G-3.
G-4.
G-5.

C-3.
C-4.

Non-Traditional Rider
Incentive Addenda to the Franchise
Agreements

G-6.
H-1.

C-5.

Multi-Brand Addendum to the Dunkin’
Franchise Agreement
Dunkin’ Development Agreement

H-2.

Combo Development Agreement
Incentive Addenda to the Development
Agreements
Conditional Option(s) to Extend
State-Specific Appendices and Agreement
Riders
Option to Assume Lease
List of Dunkin’ Restaurant Franchisees

H-4.
I.

D-1.

D-2.
D-3.
D-4.
E.
F.
G-1.

H-3.

J.
K.
L.

List of Dunkin’ Restaurant Franchisees With
Signed Franchise Agreements But Not Yet
Operational
List of Dunkin’ Restaurant Developers
List of Combo Restaurant Franchisees
List of Combo Restaurant Franchisees With Signed
Franchise Agreements Not Yet Operational
List of Combo Restaurant Developers
List of Dunkin’ Restaurants That Ceased To
Operate And Former Dunkin’ Restaurant
Franchisees and Developers
List of Dunkin’ Restaurant Transfers (Transferor)
List of Combo Restaurants That Ceased To Operate
And Former Combo Restaurant Franchisees and
Developers
List of Combo Restaurant Transfers (Transferor)
Form of General Release
Loyalty Program Participation Agreement
Electronic Payment Program Participation
Agreement
State Effective Dates Page

[Signatures on Next Page]

Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

