Provision
g. “Cause” defined –
curable defaults

Section in the
Agreement
FA: §14.A

Summary
Curable defaults include: 24 hours to correct
violation or law or Standard relating to health,
sanitation or safety; 24 hours to resume operations
after ceasing operations without our consent; 7 days
to cure default for failure to pay; 30 days to cure
failure to comply with any other provision of the
Franchise Agreement, Standard or other agreement
between you and us; your guarantor(s) bankruptcy
unless you provide substitute guarantor.

DA: §7.A
h. “Cause” defined
– non-curable defaults

i.

Franchisee’s obligations
on termination/ nonrenewal

Curable default includes: 7 days to cure default for
failure to pay.
Non-curable defaults include loss of Premises or
terminate of the lease; unauthorized transfer;
unauthorized use of Confidential Information or
restrictive covenants; convicted or plead guilty or no
contest to felony or crime of moral turpitude; fraud;
intentional underreporting Gross Sales; unauthorized
use of Premises; another contract between you and us
is terminated; we deliver 3 or more notices of same
or similar defaults within 12 months; your
bankruptcy.

FA: §14.A

MBA: §8(c)

Breach that cannot be corrected, such as expiration
or termination of any Other Franchise Agreement;
abandonment of the Other Restaurant(s).

DA: §7.A

Non-curable defaults include failure to satisfy
Development Schedule obligations; bankruptcy;
fraud; convicted or plead guilty or no contest to
felony or crime of moral turpitude; unauthorized
transfer; another contract between you and us is
terminated.
Obligations include cease using benefits of the
System, operating the Restaurant, holding yourself
out as our franchisee, and using Proprietary Marks or
similar marks, trade secrets, Confidential
Information, and Manuals; pay all amounts owed;
return Manuals and other documents containing our
Standards to us; de-identify the Premises and return
signage to us; disconnect and cease telephone
number connected with the Proprietary Marks;
withdrawal fictitious names or similar registration
using Proprietary Marks; comply with posttermination non-competition covenants.

FA: §14.E

DA: §7.B

Obligations include cease operating under the
Development Agreement; immediately pay all
outstanding amounts owed, including all unpaid IFFs
due under the Development Schedule.
84

Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

