DA #_______
whether you qualify for the Mid-Term Extension set forth in Section 6.B; and (d) the initial franchise
fee payable for that SDO will be our then-current standard rate for SDOs, and we will apply as a
credit towards the next payment due from you under this Agreement the difference between the IFF
deposit that you previously paid to us under this Agreement for the applicable Restaurant and the
initial franchise fee for the SDO, unless there are no further payments due from you under this
Agreement, in which case the we will apply that difference as a credit towards the Continuing
Franchise Fee accrued under the Franchise Agreement for the SDO.
3.
Initial Franchise Fees. Subject to Section 2 above, you must pay us an Initial Franchise Fee (“IFF”)
for each Restaurant to be developed pursuant to this Agreement in the amounts and at the times stated in
Exhibit B. At our option, you will make all payments to us by electronic fund transfer (“EFT”), and provide
us with authorization and bank account data necessary to set up EFT. These IFFs are non-refundable and
must be paid in full, without reduction or offset. However, subject to Section 2 above, we will apply the
IFFs paid under this Agreement towards the initial franchise fees payable under each Franchise Agreement
that you (or your Controlled Affiliate) signs pursuant to this Agreement, and the IFFs are due and payable on
at the times stated in Exhibit B notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Franchise Agreement.
4.

Site Selection, Development and Opening of Restaurants and Signing Franchise Agreements.

A.
Although we may assist you in your search, it is solely your responsibility to search for and
propose to us the site on which you wish to develop a Restaurant. You must deliver to us for our review a
complete site report and other materials and information we request for suitable site(s) within the
Development Area in time to meet your obligations under the Development Schedule. You may only
develop a Restaurant at a site that we have accepted. Despite any assistance, information or
recommendations that we provide with respect to any site, we have made and will make no representations or
warranties of any kind, express or implied, of the suitability of any site for a Dunkin’ Restaurant or any other
purpose. In addition to site information, you must submit information to us concerning the proposed layout
and other aspects of the proposed Restaurant’s design and appearance. You must make the changes to the
proposed design and appearance that we require and develop the Restaurant only in accordance with our
requirements. Each Restaurant must be constructed and equipped to our then-current standards and
specifications.
B.
You must submit to us the proposed purchase agreement or lease for the Restaurant’s
premises, along with the acquisition, development and construction costs, and such other information as we
reasonably request, so that we can evaluate the proposal. Each purchase agreement or lease must meet our
then-current minimum requirements designed to protect us, our affiliates, and our System. If you will lease
the Restaurant’s premises, the landlord must agree to our then-current form of Option to Assume the lease.
You (or your Controlled Affiliate) must secure the real estate for each Restaurant, through an approved
purchase agreement or binding lease, in time for you (or your Controlled Affiliate) to open and begin
operating the Restaurant on or before the Required Opening Date for that Restaurant.
C.
After receiving our notice to proceed, but in any event before beginning construction for the
Restaurant, and provided that you (and your Controlled Affiliate) satisfy our then current Criteria to Expand,
then you (or your Controlled Affiliate) must sign our then-current version of Franchise Agreement and
related documents (as periodically modified, the “Franchise Agreement”) for the Restaurant. You
acknowledge that the terms of the Franchise Agreements for Restaurants may differ substantially from the
terms contained in our current form of franchise agreement, except that, for each Franchise Agreement
signed in compliance with this Agreement (but subject to Section 2), the IFF, continuing franchise fee,
continuing advertising fee and marketing start-up fee shall be as set forth on Exhibit B. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if you fail to meet the Development Schedule or are otherwise in default under this Agreement,
and we (at our sole option) allow the development of any Restaurant to continue despite that default, then the
3
2026 Dunkin FDD
Exhibit D - Dunkin’ Development Agreement
1625632962.2

