ideas, concepts, techniques or materials developed for you by your employees or contractors to which
you own the intellectual property rights) (collectively, “Innovations”) must be promptly disclosed to
us and will be deemed to be our sole and exclusive property, part of the System, and works made-forhire for us. To the extent any Innovation does not qualify as a work made-for-hire for us, by this
paragraph you assign ownership of that Innovation, and all related rights to that Innovation, to us and
agree to execute (and to cause your Owners to execute) whatever assignment or other documents we
reasonably request to evidence our ownership or to help us obtain intellectual property rights in the
Innovation. We and our affiliates have no obligation to make any payments to you or any other person
with respect to any Innovations. You may not use any Innovation in operating the Restaurant or
otherwise without our prior approval.
ITEM 15:
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE
BUSINESS
You must devote continuous best efforts to the development, management, and operation of your
business, which includes the devotion of sufficient time and resources to ensure full and complete
compliance with your obligations to us under the Franchise Agreement, and if applicable, the
Development Agreement. You must develop and operate the Restaurant in compliance with our
Standards.
If you sign a Development Agreement, you or your Controlled Affiliate must locate sites for and
develop the required number of Dunkin’ Restaurants agreed to under the Development Schedule and
located within the Development Area. A “Controlled Affiliate” means any corporation, limited
liability company or other entity of which you (or, if you are an entity, your direct or indirect owners
(collectively, the “Owners”)) own, directly or indirectly, at least 51% of the total ownership interests,
provided that the Controlled Affiliate’s remaining direct and indirect owners satisfy our then-current
requirements for non-controlling owners of Dunkin’ Restaurant developers and obtain our approval.
Additionally, if you are an entity, then each Owner must sign our then-current form of guaranty to be
personally bound by all provisions of the Development Agreement and any ancillary agreements
between us and you.
Under the Franchise Agreement, you must develop and operate the Dunkin’ Restaurant in compliance
with the terms of the Franchise Agreement, including our Standards and Manuals. If you are a
corporation, limited liability company, or other entity, then you agree that each Owner must sign our
then-current form of guaranty to be personally bound by all provisions of the Franchise Agreement
and any ancillary agreements between us and you.
As a new franchisee, you may expect to perform a substantial amount of manual labor, especially
during the first year of operation. During the beginning of the term of the Franchise Agreement, you
should expect to work a full shift in the Restaurant every day. However, your personal “on-premises”
supervision is not required under the terms of the Franchise Agreement. Your on-premises manager
must be trained in accordance with our training requirements. We recommend your on-premises
manager have an ownership interest in you, but this is not required under the terms of the Franchise
Agreement. Your on-premises manager cannot have an interest or business relationship with any a
Competitive Business. You must keep confidential the Confidential Information, although you may
share this information with your employees to the extent necessary.

81
Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

