regarding territory, customers and support, and we have no obligation to resolve any perceived
conflicts that might arise.
ITEM 13:
TRADEMARKS
The Franchise Agreement licenses you to use the Proprietary Marks. “Proprietary Marks” means the
trademarks, service marks, logos, emblems, trade dress, trade names and other indicia of origin we
periodically designate. Our affiliate, DD IP Holder LLC (“IP Affiliate”) has registered the following
principal trademarks on the Principal Register of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (the
“USPTO”):
Principal Trademark

Registration Number

Registration Date

DUNKIN’ DONUTS

Reg. No. 748,901

April 30, 1963

DUNKIN’ DONUTS

Reg. No. 1,148,165

March 3, 1981

DD cup logo (in color)

Reg. No. 3,282,278

August 21, 2007

DUNKIN’

Reg. No. 4,290,078

February 12, 2013

DUNKIN’ (in color)

Reg. No. 6,034,266

April 14, 2020

Cup with D’

Reg. No. 7,681,554

February 4, 2025

IP Affiliate has made all required renewal and affidavit filings. There is no agreement that limits our
right to use or license the use of the Proprietary Marks related to the franchise.
There are no effective material determinations of the USPTO, Trademark Trial and Appeal Board, or
any state trademark administrator or any court that would impede your right to use the Proprietary
Marks under the terms of the Franchise Agreement. There are no pending infringement, opposition,
or cancellation proceedings involving the Proprietary Marks and no pending material litigation
involving the principal Proprietary Marks other than as may be stated in this FDD.
Your right to use the Proprietary Marks is derived only from the Franchise Agreement and is limited
to operating the Restaurant according to the Franchise Agreement and all Standards we implement
during the term of the Franchise Agreement. You may not sublicense the Proprietary Marks. Your
unauthorized use of the Proprietary Marks is a breach of the Franchise Agreement and infringes our
and IP Affiliate’s rights in the Proprietary Marks. Your use of the Proprietary Marks and any goodwill
established by that use are for our and IP Affiliate’s exclusive benefit, and the Franchise Agreement
does not confer any goodwill or other interests in the Proprietary Marks upon you (other than the right
to operate the Restaurant under the Franchise Agreement). All provisions of the Franchise Agreement
relating to the Proprietary Marks apply to any additional and substitute trademarks and service marks
that we periodically authorize you to use. Neither you nor your Owners may directly or indirectly at
any time during or after the term of the Franchise Agreement contest or assist others in contesting the
validity, or our licensor’s ownership, of the Proprietary Marks or register, apply to register, or
otherwise seek to use or in any way control any Proprietary Mark or any confusingly similar form or
variation of any Proprietary Mark.
78
Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

