Provision

Section in the
Agreement
DA: §§8.C, 8.D

n. Franchisor’s right of first
refusal to acquire
franchisee’s business

FA: §13.G
DA: §8.G

o. Franchisor’s option to
purchase franchisee’s
business

FA: §14.F

Summary
Control Transfer approval requirements: (i) each
transferee meets our then-current criteria and
executes a guaranty; (ii) you have satisfied all
outstanding obligations to us; (iii) sale price may not
be excessive; (iv) execute general release; (v) or you
agree to be bound by all terms of the Franchise
Agreement for the remainder of the term or execute
the then-current form of franchise agreement. NonControl Transfer approval requirements: each
transferee is of good character, meets our standards
for non-controlling owners, and executes a
guarantee.
If you wish to sell any interest in the franchise, you
must give us 60 days’ notice to elect to purchase such
interest on the same terms and conditions. If the
terms later change, we must receive notice of the
changes and will have a new 60-day option to make
the election on the modified terms.
Within 30 days from expiration or termination of the
Franchise Agreement, we may purchase the
Operating Assets and other assets (not including
personal assets) used in the Restaurant at thencurrent fair market value less any indebtedness.

MBA: §8(d)

p. Death or disability of
franchisee

FA: §13.F
DA: §8.F

q. Non-competition
covenants during the term
of the franchise

FA: §10.B
DA: §5.C

r.

FA: §10.C
DA: §7.B

Non-competition
covenants after the
franchise is terminated or
expires

If our right to acquire the assets of the Restaurant
conflicts with the Other Franchise Agreement, you
must comply with the requirements we reasonably
specify.
Within 12 months after death of you or your Owners,
the legal representative must propose a transfer, and
transfer must be completed no later than 18 months
from the death and is subject to our consent.
Neither you nor your Owners, officers, directors or
guarantors may (i) have any interest in any other
business which derives more than 20% of its revenue
from a combination of coffee and/or baked goods
(“Competitive Business”), (ii) divert customers away
from any Dunkin’ Restaurant; (iii) oppose
government approval for the development of another
Dunkin’ Restaurant; or (iv) perform any act injurious
or prejudicial to the goodwill of any Dunkin’
Restaurant or Proprietary Marks.
For 24 months after expiration, termination or
transfer, neither you nor your Owners, officers,
directors or guarantors may have any interest in a
Competitive Business at the Premises, within 5 miles
from the Premises, or any other Dunkin Restaurant.

86
Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

