8) Privacy Compliance
a) Each party shall at all times comply with all laws applicable to its collection, use, sharing, or storage
of personal information (as such term is defined under applicable law), including compliance with its
own privacy policy. Except as required or limited by Section 8(b) below, Dunkin’ Brands shall own
or have license to use for its own purposes all data transmitted between the parties, including all
customer data (whether in identifiable, aggregate, or de-identified form).
b) The parties recognize that in the course of operating the restaurant, we and you may exchange personal
information for various purposes, including the provision of personal information processing services
(the “Services”). In order to comply with applicable privacy laws, unless otherwise required by
applicable law, the respective party supplying the Services shall:
a. Only process such personal information for the purpose for which it was collected or for
providing the respective Services;
b. Not retain, use, or disclose such personal information: (i) for any purpose other than to perform
the Services or for the purpose for which it was collected or (ii) outside of the direct business
relationship between the parties;
c. Not sell, rent, release, disclose, disseminate, make available, transfer or otherwise
communicate such personal information to any third party for monetary or other valuable
consideration; and
d. Certify that the party understands the restrictions on such personal information processing and
will comply with them.
c) Subject to compliance with applicable laws, you shall destroy any personal information that you
receive in connection with the Loyalty Program within thirty (30) days after termination of the
franchise agreement.
9) Legal Responsibility for Program Compliance. Under Section 8 of the MOU, Dunkin’ Brands has agreed
to be responsible for defending you and certain of your related parties against liability or legal responsibility
to the extent arising from or with respect to the Loyalty Program or your actions in compliance with your
obligations under the Loyalty Program, subject to certain exclusions and to the other terms and conditions set
forth therein. Said Section 8 of the MOU is incorporated into this Agreement fully as set forth herein in its
entirety, and a copy of Section 8 is available to you upon request.
By clicking the “ACCEPT” button below, you agree to abide by the Terms and Conditions of this Agreement.
If you do not agree, please click the “EXIT” button below.

4
2026 Dunkin’ FDD
Exhibit J - Loyalty Program Participation Agreement
1625632973.2

