Strategic and Pacific Northwest Incentive programs do not apply to franchisees signing new
Franchise Agreements to renew their expiring franchises or to develop and operate the
Restaurant from an SDO location, as a relocation of an existing or closed Restaurant, or as
part of a transfer or acquisition of an existing Restaurant. In the future, we may modify or
eliminate any of our incentive programs.
Early Opening Incentive: The “Early Opening Incentive” is designed to incentivize
franchisees to develop and commence operations of their Dunkin’ Restaurants before the
required opening date identified in their Franchise Agreement (and, if applicable, the
Development Agreement). Under the Early Opening Incentive, if you open the Restaurant
before the required opening date identified in the Franchise Agreement (or, if applicable,
the Development Agreement), submit all development costs to us in the form we require
within 120 days of opening the Restaurant, build the Restaurant in the design, to the
specifications, and at the location we approve, and otherwise are in compliance with the
terms of the Franchise Agreement (and, if applicable, the Development Agreement), then
we will charge you a CFF equal to 0% of Gross Sales from the date you open and commence
operations of the Restaurant until the required opening date identified in the Franchise
Agreement (and, if applicable, the Development Agreement), up to 6 months, then the
applicable incentive rate will apply (if any). You may combine the Early Opening Incentive
with the Standard, Strategic or Pacific Northwest incentive programs.
VetFran Program: The “VetFran Program” is designed to provide career opportunities for
honorably discharged military veterans or wounded warriors. It applies if you are a veteran
or returning service member (who has not previously signed, or had an affiliate that signed,
a Development Agreement or Franchise Agreement with us) who qualifies and signs a
Franchise Agreement to develop one Dunkin’ Restaurant or a Development Agreement to
develop one or more Dunkin’ Restaurants. Under the VetFran Program, if you open the
Restaurant in compliance with the Franchise Agreement on or before the required opening
date (and, if applicable, the Development Agreement), submit all development costs to us
in the form we require within 120 days of opening the Restaurant, and build the Restaurant
in the design, to the specifications, and at the location we approve, then we will provide you
a CFF credit equal to $10,000 for each Restaurant you develop and open in compliance with
the terms of the Franchise Agreement (and, if applicable, the Development Agreement), up
to $100,000. Within 30 days from the opening date of the Restaurant, any applicable
Continuing Franchise Fee credits will be credited to you to be applied to Continuing
Franchise Fee payments due during the Term (without interest). You may combine the
VetFran Program with our other incentive programs described in Item 6.
General Terms for Early Opening Incentive and VetFran Program: If you fail to satisfy any
of the applicable conditions, then the Early Opening Incentive and/or VetFran Program will
not apply to the Restaurant(s). The Early Opening Incentive and VetFran Program do not
apply to franchisees signing new Franchise Agreements to renew their expiring franchises
or to develop and operate the Restaurant at an SDO Location, as a relocation or replacement
of an existing or closed Dunkin’ Restaurant, or as part of a transfer or acquisition of an
existing Dunkin’ Restaurant.
(3)

Continuing Advertising Fee. Unless you qualify for an incentive, the CAF for new Dunkin’
Restaurants is 5.0% of Gross Sales and the CAF for Dunkin’ Restaurants operating at SDO
locations is 2.5% of Gross Sales.
40

Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

