DA #_______
This Agreement dated as of the Effective Date, is made by and between us and you, which terms are
defined in the Contract Data Schedule.
RECITALS
A.
We grant franchises for Dunkin’® restaurants operating under the Proprietary Marks
(defined below) and the System (defined below) (“Dunkin’ Restaurants”). The “System” involves the
conceptualization, design, specification, development, operation, marketing, franchising and licensing of
restaurants and associated concepts for the sale of proprietary and non-proprietary food and beverage
products, all of which we may periodically develop and modify.
B.
We and you are signing this Agreement to provide you the right and obligation to develop a
number of Dunkin’ Restaurants within a certain geographic area over a certain period of time.
AGREEMENT
In consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants and consideration below, we and you agree as
follows:
1.
Grant of Development Rights. We hereby grant you the right, and you (on behalf of yourself and
your Controlled Affiliates (defined below)) hereby accept the obligation, to sign Franchise Agreements
(defined below) for, develop and open Dunkin’ Restaurants (each a “Restaurant” and collectively,
“Restaurants”) within the geographic area described in Exhibit A (the “Development Area”). The required
number of Restaurants that you (or your Controlled Affiliates) must develop, and the dates by which those
Restaurants must be open and operating in accordance with the applicable Franchise Agreement (the
“Required Opening Dates”), are set forth in the development schedule in Exhibit B (the “Development
Schedule”). Only Restaurants that you or your Controlled Affiliates develop and open in the Development
Area will count towards the Development Schedule, subject to Section 2. “Controlled Affiliate” means any
corporation, limited liability company or other entity of which you (or, if you are an entity, your direct or
indirect owners (collectively, the “Owners”)) own, directly or indirectly, at least fifty-one percent (51%) of
the total ownership interests, provided that the Controlled Affiliate’s remaining direct and indirect owners
satisfy our then-current requirements for non-controlling owners of Dunkin’ Restaurant developers and
obtain our approval. If you are an entity, then each Owner must sign an agreement in the form we designate
undertaking personally to be bound by all provisions of this Agreement and any ancillary agreements
between us and you (a “Guaranty”), the current version of which is attached to this Agreement.
2.

Rights in Development Area and SDOs.

A.
If you are fully complying with this Agreement, and you and your affiliates are fully
complying with all franchise and all other agreements with us and our affiliates relating to a Dunkin’
Restaurant (together with this Agreement, collectively, the “Related Agreements”), then during the term of
this Agreement only, neither we nor our affiliates will operate, or authorize any other party to operate, a
Dunkin’ Restaurant the physical premises of which are located within the Development Area, except for (i)
franchises we grant to you and approved Controlled Affiliates; (ii) those Dunkin’ Restaurants identified on
Exhibit A, which are the restaurants in the Development Area that, as of the date of this Agreement, are
owned and operated by our affiliates or other franchisees or are under development by our affiliates or other
franchisees (and you agree that these restaurants may relocate to any other location within their trade areas
that we approve); and (iii) as set forth in this Section 2. If the Development Area is defined as more than one
contiguous geographic territory, then at the time you or your Controlled Affiliate signs a Franchise
Agreement (defined below) for a Dunkin’ Restaurant to be developed in any of those separate territories, the
1
2026 Dunkin FDD
Exhibit D - Dunkin’ Development Agreement
1625632962.2

