Copyright 2018 – Dunkin’ Brands, Inc. and SVC Service II Inc. All rights reserved. Last Updated: January
2019 Web Enroll
ELECTRONIC PAYMENT PROGRAM PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT
Introduction
Dunkin’ Brands, Inc., Dunkin’ Donuts Franchising LLC, and Baskin-Robbins Franchising LLC (collectively
“Dunkin’ Brands”) have formulated marketing/payment programs for facilitating mobile and online payments
by customers at or from restaurants approved to participate in such programs and a marketing program for the
use by consumers of so-called pre-paid or stored value cards (“Stored Value Cards”) for purchases at or from
restaurants approved to participate in that program (these are collectively referred to as the “Program”). The
Program as currently constituted reflects, among other things, currently available technology and methods of
operation developed at Dunkin’ Brands restaurants involved in the Program. The Program is anticipated to
change over time and participating Dunkin’ Brands restaurants are expected to adhere to the changes to the
Program as Dunkin’ Brands may from time to time require. The mobile and online payments aspects of the
Program unrelated to pre-paid/stored value cards will be administered by Dunkin’ Brands, Inc. and with respect
to those aspects of the Program this agreement is between you and Dunkin’ Brands, Inc. The pre-paid/stored
value card aspects of the Program will be administered by SVC Service II Inc., a Dunkin’ Brands affiliate, and
with respect to those aspects of the Program this agreement is between you and SVC Service II Inc. Dunkin’
Brands, Inc. has contracted with First Data Services, LLC to provide mobile and online payment processing
and support services under the Program. SVC Service II Inc. has contracted with First Data Services, LLC to
provide processing and support services under the Program with respect to the pre-paid/stored value card
aspects of the Program. Dunkin’ Brands, Inc. and SVC Service II Inc. may from time to time contract with
others in furtherance of the Program or to replace any or all of the services provided by First Data Services,
LLC in connection with the Program. The words “we”, “us” and “our” mean Dunkin’ Brands, Inc. and SVC
Service II Inc. individually and collectively. In this Agreement, the words “you” and “your” mean the
franchisee (and, where the context relates to the use of Program services and Program obligations, others the
franchisee selects to use the Program services, such as the franchisee’s employees, accountant, financial
advisor, or any other person or agent logging on for the franchisee).
Web Enroll System: With the use of a password and a user-id, our Web Enroll System (“Web Enroll “) allows
you to enroll in the Program electronically. To enroll in the Program, you must accept the Terms and
Conditions set out below. This Web Enroll Electronic Payment Program Participation Agreement (the
“Agreement”) establishes the Terms and Conditions of your participation in the Program. If you do not agree
with the Terms and Conditions, do not log-on to Web Enroll. By clicking “I Accept” at the bottom of this
Agreement, you accept to be bound by all the Terms and Conditions of this Agreement.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
1) Adherence to the Program
You agree to comply with all the requirements of a Program user as the same may exist from time to time.
These requirements include without limitation your obligation to support and participate in mobile and online
ordering, purchases and payments, sell Stored Value Cards, redeem Stored Value Cards, follow required
procedures for settlement of funds, assist in settling consumer disputes, and such other matters as are set forth
below and as we may from time to time determine.

1
2026 Dunkin’ FDD
Exhibit K - Electronic Payment Program Participation Agreement
1625632969.2

