We require you to install an exterior Drive-thru freestanding pedestal or ‘All-in-One’ canopy
system, which includes a column structure and overhead canopy or canopy with a stand-alone
stand, 2 exterior- rated digital panels featuring embedded POS System order confirmation
detail, 2 media players, receptacles for housing Drive-thru order point communications
(speaker & microphone), installation kit, and warranty for both the display panels and the
media players. The component cost ranges from $13,500 to $14,300 depending upon the
size/model of the freestanding pedestal or canopy structure and upon your site configuration.
Costs for site survey, physical installation, electrical and networking site preparation and
vendor management fee to support the exterior system will range from $3,600 to $4,700
depending upon scope of work required.
We may require you to install an interior digital Order Status Board (“OSB”) at Dunkin’
standalone Restaurants and on the Dunkin’ side of Combo Restaurants. The OSB includes an
interior digital panel, media player, OSB pole or OSB bookcase fixture, and installation kit
and warranty for both OSB and the media player. You will incur a one–time fee that we
estimate to range from $1,600 to $2,000, depending upon site size and configuration. We
estimate that the costs for site survey, physical installation, electrical, and networking site
preparation and vendor management fee to support the interior digital OSB will range from
$1,400 to $1,825 depending upon scope of work required.
We may require you to install an exterior digital Drive-thru presell panel that includes a
pedestal-mounted digital panel, media player, installation kit, and a warranty for both the
digital panel and the media player. Prices currently range from $8,200 to $8,700 depending
upon site size and configuration. We estimate that the cost for site survey, physical
installation, electrical and networking site preparation and vendor management fee to support
the exterior digital Drive-thru presell panel will range from $4,300 to $4,800, depending upon
scope of work required.
You must purchase monthly recurring managed services from our approved vendor,
comprised of hosting of the DMB systems solution software, content management, storage,
and distribution of DMB systems content, “Help Desk” or “Support Desk” support, and
proactive monitoring of the DMB solutions at the Restaurant. The monthly recurring service
fee ranges from $13 to $17 per panel, per Restaurant. Your cost will increase between $13 to
$17 (each month) for each additional digital panel.
(7)

Service Desk Services. You must use our approved provider of Restaurant Technology
System Service Desk services, who provide first point of contact assistance with your POS
System and Restaurant Technology System. The Service Desk troubleshoots malfunctioning
systems, arranges for hardware and software repairs, facilitates other technology processes
and programs, and answers questions about certain technology operations. A current Service
Desk contract is required for each of your Restaurants, covering any Restaurant Technology
System components that the Service Desk supports. The cost of a Service Desk contract
ranges from $570 to $825 per Restaurant, per year.

(8)

Drive-Thru Monitoring System. We require you to purchase and install the Drive-Thru
monitoring system from our approved vendors to enable both in-Restaurant and remote
measurement of the Drive-Thru servicing times by key activities. We estimate that this system
will be in the range of $2,500 to $5,000, depending on the type of system installed. On-going
fees range from $400 to $600 per year, depending on the type of system installed.
67

Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

