Multi-Brand Locations
If we and you enter into the Multi-Brand Addendum and you operate your Dunkin’ Restaurant at a
Multi-Brand Location, we, at our option, may modify any of the terms of the Dunkin’ system
applicable to your Dunkin’ Restaurant, including any system standards, the layout and design
requirements, the products and services offered, any mandatory or optional advertising, marketing
and promotional programs, required equipment or products, required hours of operation, personnel
training and staffing requirements, and other standards, specifications and requirements, in a manner
that is different from the manner in which those terms apply to other Dunkin’ Restaurants, to reflect
the Restaurant’s status as a Multi-Brand Location. If you operate your Dunkin’ Restaurant at a MultiBrand Location, you must comply with all of these modifications.
If we permit you to operate your Dunkin’ Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, (i) you must use
paper products and other items bearing the Trademarks only at the Restaurant and with products
served by the Dunkin’ Restaurant, and you (or your affiliate) may not use them at the Other Restaurant
or with products served by the Other Restaurant, (ii) you must ensure that all employees providing
services to customers of the Restaurant wear uniforms that are distinct from the uniforms and/or other
apparel worn by the employees providing services to customers of the Other Restaurants, and (iii)
you may be required to purchase or lease certain goods and services for each Other Restaurant from
approved or designated suppliers (which may be the applicable Other Franchisor or its affiliate). You
can find additional information in each Other Franchisor’s franchise disclosure document.
ITEM 9:
FRANCHISEE’S OBLIGATIONS
This table lists your principal obligations under the franchise and other agreements. It will
help you find more detailed information about your obligations in these agreements and in other
Items of this disclosure document.
Obligation
a.

Site selection and acquisition/lease

b.
c.

Pre-opening purchases/leases
Site development and other preopening requirements

d.

Initial and ongoing training

e.

Opening

f.

Fees

g.

Compliance with standards and
policies/operating manual

h.

Trademarks and proprietary
information
Restrictions on products/services
offered

i.

Section In Agreement*
FA: 3.A and 3.B
DA: 4
FA: 3.C, 7.A, 7.F
FA: 3
MBA: 4(d)
DA: 4
FA: 4
MBA: 5
FA: 3.C
DA: 1
FA: 5
DA: 3
FA: 1.C, 3, 7.A
MBA: 4(e)-(g), 5
DA: 4.A
FA: 9
FA: 7.A
57

Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

Disclosure Document
Item
Items 1, 6, 7 & 11
Items 1, 6, 7 & 11
Items 1, 6, 7 & 11

Item 11
Item 11
Items 5 , 6 & 11
Item 11

Items 13 & 14
Item 16

