Defendants/counter-plaintiffs also seek dismissal of our and BR’s claims. This matter is in the
preliminary stages of litigation, and we and BR intend to vigorously defend against the counterclaims.
Phoenix Food (Pvt) Limited v. Dunkin’ Donuts Franchising LLC and DD IP Holder LLC. The
following are related matters in Pakistan.
Phoenix Food (Pvt) Limited v. Dunkin’ Donuts Franchising LLC and DD IP Holder LLC
(Court of Senior Civil Judge, Lahore; Suit No. 33938 of 2023; filed July 25, 2023). A
Dunkin’® franchisee in Pakistan, Phoenix Food (Pvt) Limited, (“Phoenix”), filed this action
in Pakistan alleging breach of contract due to our decision not to extend the expired term of
the multiple unit development and franchise agreement previously entered into between the
parties (the “MUDFA”). The plaintiff seeks declaratory and injunctive relief. We filed an
application in the Pakistan court to enforce the mandatory arbitration provision in the MUDFA
and. on December 4, 2024, the court entered an order granting us our application and staying
the case. The plaintiff has not filed a demand for arbitration or an appeal of the court’s order
staying this case.
Phoenix Foods (Pvt) Limited v Dunkin Donuts Franchising LLC and DD IP Holder LLC
(Civil Judge/Special Court Admin For Commercial Cases, Lahore, Civil Suit 43030 of 2024,
filed on November 25, 2024). In this case, the plaintiff challenged the termination of the
MUDFA and plaintiffs seek damages in the amount of US$5,000,000. We filed an application
in the Pakistan court to enforce the mandatory arbitration provision in the MUDFA and on
July 16, 2025, the court entered an order granting us our application and staying the case. Our
affiliate, DD IP Holder LLC, also filed an application to be removed from the case because it
was not a party to the MUDFA. The plaintiff has not filed a demand for arbitration or an
appeal of the court’s order staying this case. This case remains stayed.
Phoenix Foods (Pvt) Limited v Dunkin Donuts Franchising LLC and DD IP Holder LLC
(Civil Judge/ Special Court Admin For Commercial Cases, Lahore, Civil Suit 43710 of 2024,
filed on November 28, 2024). In this case, the plaintiff challenged the termination of the
MUDFA and seeks a declaration from the court that the MUDFA is valid until 2036. The
court initially entered an interim restraining order against us and we filed an application in the
Pakistan court to enforce the mandatory arbitration provision in the MUDFA. On July 16,
2025, the court entered an order granting us our application and stayed the case. Our affiliate,
DD IP Holder LLC, also filed an application to be removed from the case because it was not
a party to the MUDFA. The plaintiff has not filed a demand for arbitration or an appeal of the
court’s order staying this case.
DD IP Holder LLC and Dunkin Donuts Franchising LLC v Phoenix Foods (Pvt) Limited
(Intellectual Property Tribunal, Lahore, Pakistan, Suit No. 99/IPT/2023, filed in 2023). We
and our affiliate brought this case against Phoenix for trademark infringement relating to two
Dunkin’ Restaurants in Pakistan that Phoenix continued to operate under our (or our
affiliate’s) trademarks even after the MUDA was terminated. On September 23, 2025, the IP
Tribunal granted our motion for an injunction against Phoenix. Phoenix then filed an appeal,
which is now pending under the following case caption: Phoenix Foods (Pvt) Limited v
Dunkin Donuts Franchising LLC and DD IP Holder LLC (Lahore High Court) FAO 64740 of
2025.

19
Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

