(13)
you fail to comply with any other provision of this Agreement or any mandatory
Standard, or any other agreement that is necessary to the operation of the Restaurant, and do not
correct the failure within thirty (30) days after we deliver written notice of the failure to you.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a default is curable under this Agreement, and any applicable law in the
state in which the Restaurant is located requires a longer cure period than that specified in this Agreement,
the longer period will apply.
14.B Additional Remedies. In addition to our other rights and remedies, we also have the following
remedies:
(1)
If we believe a condition at the Premises or the Restaurant or of any product sold
poses a threat to the health or safety of your customers, employees or other persons, we have the
right to take such action as we deem necessary to protect those persons, and the goodwill enjoyed by
our Proprietary Marks and System, including any or all of the following: (i) requiring you to
immediately close and suspend operation of the Restaurant and correct such conditions; (ii)
immediately removing or destroying (or requiring you to immediately remove and destroy) any
products that we suspect are contaminated; and (iii) entering the Restaurant and Premises, without
being guilty of or liable for trespass or tort, to attempt to correct any hazardous condition if you fail
to correct that condition on demand. You are solely responsible for all losses or expenses incurred in
complying with the provisions of this subsection.
(2)
If we notify you that you have not complied with a Standard involving the condition
of the Restaurant, including maintenance, repair, and cleanliness, and you fail to correct that noncompliance within thirty (30) days, then we and our representative es may enter the Restaurant and
Premises, without being guilty of or liable for trespass or tort, and correct the condition at your
expense.
(3)
If you repeatedly fail to comply with this Agreement, we may disapprove your
participation in the sale of new products or new programs until you cure your defaults and
demonstrate to our reasonable satisfaction that you can maintain compliance with Standards.
14.C Enforcement Expenses. You agree to pay to us all costs and expenses, including reasonable payroll
and travel expenses for our employees, and reasonable investigation and attorneys' fees, that we incur in
successfully enforcing (which includes achieving a settlement) any provisions of this Agreement.
14.D Injunctive Relief. Because of the importance of your compliance with Standards to protect our
System, the Combo Restaurant network and the goodwill enjoyed by our Proprietary Marks, you agree that
the remedies described elsewhere in this Agreement, as well as monetary damages or termination at a future
date, may be an insufficient remedy for your breach of any Standard or other provision of this Agreement.
Accordingly, you agree not to contest the appropriateness of injunctive relief for such breaches, and consent
to the grant of an injunction in such cases without the showing of actual damages, irreparable harm or the
lack of an adequate remedy at law. In order to obtain an injunction relating to any Standard, we must show
only that the Standard in issue was adopted in good faith and applies generally to Combo Restaurants in the
same geographic region and that are similarly situated with the Restaurant.

18
2026 Dunkin’ FDD
Exhibit C-2 - Combo Franchise Agreement
1625632960.2

