b.
For each Restaurant that you open under the Development Schedule within the Pacific
Northwest Territory and provided that each Restaurant opens on or before the Applicable Opening
Deadline, we will credit $25,000 toward the Continuing Franchise Fee owed under the Franchise
Agreement.
c.
For the first Restaurant that you open under the Development Schedule within the
Pacific Northwest under the Pacific Northwest Incentive program, and provided that first Restaurant
opens before the Applicable Opening Deadline, we will also credit an additional $50,000 toward
Continuing Franchise Fee owed under the Franchise Agreement for that first Restaurant (the “OneTime Opening Incentive Credit”).
d.
If you open a Restaurant under the Development Schedule within the Pacific
Northwest Territory under the Pacific Northwest Incentive program on or before the Applicable
Opening Deadline, and during the 2026 or 2027 calendar year, we will provide you with a Continuing
Franchise Fee credit equal to $300,000 for such Restaurant (the “2026–2027 Opening Incentive
Credit”).
e.
If you open a Restaurant under the Development Schedule within the Pacific
Northwest Territory under the Pacific Northwest Incentive program on or before the Applicable
Opening Deadline, and during the 2028 or subsequent calendar year, we will credit $250,000 toward
the Continuing Franchise Fee owed under the Franchise Agreement for such Restaurant (the “2028+
Opening Incentive Credit”).
f.
Within thirty (30) days from the opening date of the Restaurant, any applicable
Continuing Franchise Fee credits will be credited to you to be applied to Continuing Franchise Fee
payments due during the Term (without interest).
5.
Early Opening Incentive. If you meet the requirements of the Standard, Strategic or Pacific
Northwest Incentive programs set forth above, then for each Franchise Agreement that is executed for an
Incentive Commitment in compliance with the Development Agreement, and you open and begin operating
the Restaurant in compliance with the Franchise Agreement before the Applicable Opening Deadline, then the
Continuing Franchise Fee will be zero percent (0%) of Gross Sales from the date you open the Restaurant until
the Applicable Opening Deadline (not to exceed six (6) months), then the applicable Continuing Franchise Fee
rate shall apply. If you open the Restaurant on or after the Applicable Opening Deadline, the Early Opening
Incentive described in this Section will not apply to the Restaurant.
6.
VetFran Program. [Note: Only include if the Developer or its owner(s) qualify for the
VetFran Program.] Because we and you are signing this Amendment before March 31, 2027, and you are a
veteran or returning service member who has not previously signed, or had an affiliate that signed, a
Development Agreement or Franchise Agreement with us and who qualifies and signs the Development
Agreement to develop one or more Dunkin’ Restaurants, each New Commitment you develop under the
Development Schedule will receive the benefits of our “VetFran Program” incentive if (a) you and your
affiliates are in substantial compliance with the Development Agreement and each other agreement between
us and you or your affiliates, including the applicable Franchise Agreement, (b) you open and begin operating
that Restaurant in compliance with the applicable Franchise Agreement on or before the Applicable Opening
Deadline, (c) you provide to us a report, in the format and containing the information that we reasonably
specify, identifying the amounts that you spend in various categories relating to the development and opening
of that Restaurant within 120 days after the Restaurant first opens for business, and (d) you build that
Restaurant in the design, to the specifications, and at the location approved by us in compliance with the
applicable Franchise Agreement. Then, if you satisfy the conditions in (a) through (d) above, we will credit
an amount equal to $10,000 toward the Continuing Franchise Fees owed under each Franchise Agreement
signed in connection with the Development Agreement, up to $100,000 in total. Within thirty (30) days from
4
2026 Dunkin’ FDD
Exhibit D-3 - Incentives Amendment to the Development Agreement
1625632888.3

