Restaurant that offers the full range of Dunkin’ products at a college or university campus (a “Campus
Restaurant”). Additionally, (a) you must own and operate a Dunkin’ Restaurant at a traditional
location within 2 miles of the new campus restaurant as of the Campus Restaurant’s opening date (the
“Existing Restaurant”), (b) the Existing Restaurant must be the nearest Dunkin’ Restaurant to the
Campus Restaurant; (c) you must meet the Incentive Eligibility Requirements; and (d) you must open
the Campus Restaurant on or before December 31, 2027. If you satisfy these requirements, then we
will extend the term of the franchise agreement for the Existing Restaurant for up to 10 years,
provided the maximum total term cannot exceed 20 years, for no additional IFF.
Standard, Strategic and Pacific Northwest Incentive Programs:
(1)
Standard and Strategic Incentive Programs. Depending on where you will develop
and operate your Restaurant(s), you may qualify for the “Standard” or the “Strategic” incentive
program if you sign a Franchise Agreement on or before March 31, 2027 to develop and operate a
traditional Dunkin’ Restaurant (including a Combo Restaurant) within the Standard Markets or the
Strategic Markets, as applicable. You may also qualify for the Standard or the Strategic incentive
program if you sign a new Development Agreement on or before March 31, 2027, to develop 1 or
more traditional Dunkin’ Restaurants (including Combo Restaurants), each located within the
Standard Markets or the Strategic Markets, as applicable. You may also qualify for the Standard or
Strategic incentive program if (a) you sign a Franchise Agreement on or before March 31, 2027, to
develop and operate a previously closed Dunkin’ Restaurant or Combo Restaurant (without relocating
it) in the Standard Markets or Strategic Markets, as applicable, (b) as of the date the Franchise
Agreement is signed, the Restaurant that you wish to re-open was permanently closed for at least 30
calendar days, and (c) you are not signing the Franchise Agreement in connection with a transfer.
Finally, you may qualify for the Standard or Strategic incentive program if you sign the Incentive
Amendment to an existing Development Agreement on or before March 31, 2027, to amend your
existing development schedule to add 1 or more new Dunkin’ Restaurants (or Combo Restaurants) in
the Standard Markets or the Strategic Markets to the development schedule. The current “Standard
Markets” and the “Strategic Markets” are listed in Subsection (4) below, but we may revise these
markets.
Under the Standard and the Strategic incentive programs for single Dunkin’ Restaurant
development, you will pay the full initial franchise fee when you sign the Franchise Agreement.
Under the Standard and Strategic incentive programs for multiple Dunkin’ Restaurants development,
you must pay 25% of the IFF for each Restaurant you agree to develop at the time you sign the
Development Agreement. You must pay the remaining portion of the IFF on either the date that is 6
months before the Required Opening Date (as identified in the Development Agreement) or the
Restaurant’s actual opening date, whichever is earlier. If you meet the Incentive Eligibility
Requirements described in Subsection (3) below, then you may be eligible for the CFF credits and a
reduced CAF contribution, which we describe in Item 6.
(2)
Pacific Northwest Incentive Program. You may qualify for the “Pacific Northwest
Incentive” program if you sign a Franchise Agreement on or before March 31, 2027, to develop and
operate a traditional Dunkin’ Restaurant (including a Combo Restaurant) in the Pacific Northwest
Territory. You may also qualify for the Pacific Northwest Incentive program if you sign a new
Development Agreement on or before March 31, 2027, to develop 1 or more traditional Dunkin’
Restaurants (including Combo Restaurants), each located in the Pacific Northwest Territory. The
34
Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

