or other direct or indirect control over the policies or operations of that development company, such as any
rights or control with respect to the tenants, owners or other concepts in any real estate development.
10.E Acknowledgements. You acknowledge that a breach of the covenants contained in this Section
10 will be deemed to threaten immediate and substantial irreparable injury to us and give us the right to
obtain immediate injunctive relief without limiting any other rights we might have. If a court or other
tribunal having jurisdiction to determine the validity or enforceability of this Section 10 determines
that, strictly applied, it would be invalid or unenforceable, then the time, geographical area and scope of
activity restrained shall be deemed modified to the minimum extent necessary such that the restrictions in this
Section 10 will be valid and enforceable.

SECTION 11. MAINTENANCE AND SUBMISSION OF BOOKS, RECORDS AND REPORTS
11.A Maintaining Records. You must keep business records in the manner and for the time required by
law and our Standards, and in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. All records must be
in English, and whether on paper or in an electronic form, must be capable of being reviewed by us without
special hardware or software. You must retain copies of each state and federal tax return for the franchised
business for a period of five (5) years.
11.B Reporting. You must submit to us, in the form and manner we periodically specify, profit and loss
statements for the Restaurant on a monthly basis, and, at our request, balance sheets for your fiscal half-year
and year-end. If we specify additional records for periodic reporting, you agree to submit those records as
required.
11.C Audit of Records. Within fifteen (15) days after our request and at our option, you agree to (1)
photocopy and deliver to us those required records that we specify, or (2) at a location acceptable to us,
provide us access to any required records that we specify for examination and photocopying by our
representatives. You also hereby grant us the right (to the extent you have that right) to examine the records
of your purchases kept by any of your suppliers or distributors, including the National DCP or any successor
entities, and hereby authorize those suppliers and distributors to allow us to examine and copy those records
at our own expense. If after we review your business records, which may include your business tax returns,
we believe that intentional underreporting of Gross Sales may have occurred, then upon request, and in
addition to our other remedies, you and any signatory and guarantor of this Agreement must provide us with
personal federal and state tax returns and personal bank statements for the periods requested.

SECTION 12. INSURANCE AND INDEMNIFICATION
12.A

Insurance.
(1)
Before opening or operating the Restaurant for business, and before beginning
construction of the Restaurant if you are developing the Restaurant, you agree to acquire insurance
coverage of the type and in the amounts required by law, by any lease or sublease, and by us, as
prescribed in our Standards. You must maintain such coverage in full force and effect throughout
the Term. We have the right to change these insurance requirements from time to time. All
insurance must be placed and maintained with insurance companies with ratings that meet or exceed
our Standards. At our request, you must provide us with proof of required insurance coverages.
We and any affiliate we designate must be named as additional insureds as our respective
interests appear, and all policies must contain provisions denying to the insurer acquisition of rights
of recovery against any named insured by subrogation. All policies shall include a provision
prohibiting cancellations or material changes without thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to all
12

2026 Dunkin’ FDD
Exhibit C-2 - Combo Franchise Agreement
1625632960.2

