than your original form of Franchise Agreement), and you may be required to pay all required fees to
us and our affiliates.
If we and any Other Franchisor grant you the right to operate a Dunkin’ Restaurant and one or more
Other Restaurants at a Multi-Brand Location, Other Franchisor(s) may grant you territorial
exclusivity which will be described in Other Franchisor’s FDD and/or Other Franchise Agreement.
Development Agreement
If we grant you the right to open more than one Dunkin’ Restaurant, you must sign a Development
Agreement. Under the Development Agreement, you will be granted the right to develop 2 or more
Dunkin’ Restaurants within the Development Area. So long as you are fully complying with the
terms of the Development Agreement, and you and your affiliates are fully complying with all other
agreements between us and our affiliates, then during the term of the Development Agreement we
will not operate, or authorize any other party to operate, another Dunkin’ Restaurant within the
Development Area, except (i) we may grant franchises to you and your Controlled Affiliates within
the Development Area; (ii) for any Dunkin’ Restaurants already located or under development within
the Development Area that we identify on an exhibit to the Development Agreement, and (iii) for
certain SDO opportunities in the Development Area. You will sign the first Franchise Agreement
once we have approved the site for your first Restaurant.
Our rights are intended to maximize potential distribution of Dunkin’ products within the
Development Area. Typically, Development Areas are relatively limited in size and scope. The
Development Area’s size and development requirements may reflect other factors, including the
Development Agreement’s term, the number of Restaurants to be developed, length of time to develop
Restaurants in the area, retail shopping facilities, major employment centers, transportation centers
(train stations, bus terminals, etc.), key traffic intersections, interstate highway ramps, and population.
As part of your review of a particular trade area or territory, we may (but are not required to) provide
you with certain information such as: (a) maps indicating existing Restaurants and/or competitor
locations and may highlight potential areas of interest to us; and (b) demographic reports (including
population and median household income) generated by third parties. It is important you validate the
information we provide to you. We do not draw any inferences regarding Restaurant performance
from the map or demographic information we share with you, and you may not draw any inferences
from them either. We also do not represent or guarantee that the existence of a certain level of
demographics, maps or trade area characteristics will translate to a certain level of financial
performance, and you may not draw any such inferences based upon any of the information we
provide to you. The information is not provided for that purpose.
If you sign a Development Agreement, you will be responsible for developing at least the minimum
number of Restaurants set forth in the Development Agreement. We determine the size of the
Development Area, the number of Restaurants, the duration of the Development Agreement and the
development schedule across the Development Agreement. Each proposed location must be
submitted to us for our review, must meet our design standards, and may be developed only if we
provide our prior written approval. If you do not continue to meet our then-current guidelines for
multi-restaurant development and ownership, then our approval of your development or opening of
scheduled Restaurants may be withheld. You will be granted limited territorial protected rights during
the term of the Development Agreement. You must open and continuously operate Dunkin
Restaurants in the Development Area according to the Development Schedule to maintain your rights
76
Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

