ITEM 1:
THE FRANCHISOR, AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES
To simplify the language in this franchise disclosure document (“Franchise Disclosure Document” or
“FDD”), “we” or “us” means Dunkin’ Donuts Franchising LLC. “You” means the person or entity
that buys the franchise. If you are a corporation, partnership, or other entity, each person or entity
holding a direct or indirect ownership interest in you must sign a guaranty, which means all the
provisions of the Development Agreements (Exhibit D-1 and Exhibit D-2) and Franchise Agreements
(Exhibit C-1 and Exhibit C-2) also will apply to them individually.
The Franchisor
We are a Delaware limited liability company formed on March 15, 2006. Our principal place of
business is Three Glenlake Parkway, Atlanta, Georgia 30328. We do business under our name,
Dunkin’ Donuts Franchising LLC, and the brand name “Dunkin’”. The Dunkin’ brand began in 1954
and we, through our predecessors, have offered Dunkin’ franchises since 1955. As of December 28,
2025, our 2025 fiscal year end, there were 9,999 Dunkin’ restaurants operating in the United States
(9,963 franchised and 36 company-owned). Of those 9,999 restaurants, 8,744 were single-branded
Dunkin’ restaurants, 36 were Dunkin’ restaurants operating at Multi-Brand Locations, and 1,219 were
franchised Dunkin’ and Baskin-Robbins combo restaurants. Additionally, as of December 28, 2025,
there were 4,242 single-branded franchised Dunkin’ restaurants operating internationally.
We have not offered franchises in any other line of business, we have never operated a Dunkin’
Restaurant, and except as described in this FDD, we have no other business activities. If we have an
agent for services of process, we disclose that agent in Exhibit A.
The Dunkin’® Franchise Opportunity
We grant franchises for restaurants that feature donuts, coffee, espresso, bagels, muffins, croissants,
other bakery items, breakfast sandwiches, and other food and beverage products under the Proprietary
Marks (defined below) and System (defined below) (each a “Dunkin’ Restaurant”).
We call the Dunkin’ Restaurant that you will operate under the Franchise Agreement your
“Restaurant.” Your Restaurant will offer and sell Menu Items (defined below) from a location we
accept (together with the parking area or other real estate appurtenant to the Restaurant, the
“Premises”), and under the Proprietary Marks and System, all of which we may change periodically.
“Menu Items” means the donuts, coffee, espresso, bagels, muffins, croissants, other bakery items,
breakfast sandwiches, and other food and beverage products prepared according to our specified
recipes and procedures, as we may modify from time to time and authorize for sale at your Restaurant.
“System” means the Dunkin’ Restaurant franchise system, which involves the conceptualization,
design, specification, development, operation, marketing, franchising and licensing of restaurants and
associated concepts for the sale of proprietary and non-proprietary food and beverage products, all of
which we may periodically develop and modify.
We offer to qualified entities the right to develop and operate Dunkin’ Restaurants from nontraditional locations, including hospitals, train stations, airports, entertainment and sports complexes,
convention centers, casinos and resorts, limited-access highway food facilities, military facilities,
schools and colleges, office or factory food service facilities, gas/convenience stores, travel centers,
travel plazas, department stores and big box super stores, mobile units, off-site sales accounts,
1
Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

