DUNKIN’ DONUTS FRANCHISING LLC
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Internationally, the Company sells master franchise agreements that grant the master franchisee the right to develop and
operate, and in some instances sub-franchise, a certain number of restaurants within a particular geographic area. The master
franchisee is typically required to pay an upfront market entry fee upon entering into the master franchise agreement and an
upfront initial franchise fee for each developed restaurant prior to each respective opening. The master franchisee will also
pay continuing fees, or royalty revenues, on a monthly basis based upon a percentage of sales. The master franchise
agreement serves as the franchise agreement for the underlying restaurants, and the initial franchise term provided for each
restaurant typically ranges between 10 and 20 years.
The franchise license granted for each individual restaurant within an arrangement represents a single performance
obligation. Therefore, initial franchise fees and market entry fees for each arrangement are allocated to each individual
restaurant and recognized over the term of the respective franchise agreement from the date of the restaurant opening.
Royalty revenues are also recognized over the term of the respective franchise agreement based on the royalties earned each
period as the underlying sales occur. Renewal fees are recognized over the renewal term for the respective restaurant from
the start of the renewal period. Transfer fees are recognized over the remaining term of the franchise agreement beginning at
the time of transfer. Incentives provided to franchisees in conjunction with a franchise/license agreement, territory
agreement, or renewal agreement are recognized over the remaining term of the respective agreement. Fees received or
receivable that are expected to be recognized as revenue within one year are classified as "Current portion of deferred
revenue" in the balance sheets.
Franchise contributions for advertising
Domestically, franchise agreements typically require the franchisee to pay continuing advertising fees on a weekly basis
based on a percentage of franchisee gross sales, which represents a portion of the consideration received for the single
performance obligation of the franchise license. Continuing advertising fees are recognized over the term of the respective
franchise agreement based on the fees earned each period as the underlying sales occur. Additionally, the Company accrues
advertising expenses, representing the Company's obligation to remit advertising fund contributions to affiliated entities of
the Company to be used for advertising for the Dunkin' brand. When revenues of the advertising fund exceed the related
advertising expenses, advertising expenses are accrued up to the amount of the revenues.
Other revenues
Other revenues primarily include online training fees that are recognized over the term of the related agreement.
Income Taxes
The Company is a single-member limited liability company and is treated as a disregarded entity for federal and state
income tax purposes. As a result, the Company generally does not incur U.S. income taxes. Instead, its earnings and losses
flow up to its sole member and are ultimately included in the consolidated income tax returns of Inspire. DD Franchisor has
not entered into a tax sharing agreement with Inspire, nor does its limited liability company agreement provide for tax
distributions. All cash is collected in an account held in the name of the Master Issuer regardless of the Company’s or its
affiliates’ tax position. No specific dividends are required for tax payments. As a result, the accompanying statements of
income do not include a provision for U.S. income taxes. The Company incurs foreign tax expense attributable to foreign
withholding taxes, which is recorded as provision for income taxes in the accompanying statements of income.
Contributions from and Distributions to Parent
Contributions from and distributions to Parent principally result from transactions with the Parent conducted in accordance
with Inspire’s centralized cash management policy. Such amounts are not expected to be repaid. The Company presents
contributions from and distributions to Parent on a net basis on the statements of member’s equity and on a net basis as a
financing activity on the statements of cash flows.

9

