DUNKIN’ DONUTS FRANCHISING LLC
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1.

DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS
Dunkin’ Donuts Franchising LLC (the “Company” or “DD Franchisor”) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of DB Franchising
Holding Company LLC (“Franchisor Holdco” or "Parent"), which is wholly owned by DB Master Finance LLC (the
“Master Issuer”). The Master Issuer, Franchisor Holdco, and DD Franchisor are all indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of
Dunkin’ Brands Group, Inc. (“DBGI”), whose ultimate parent company is Inspire Brands, Inc. (“Inspire”). Due to its limited
liability status, the Company’s sole member, Franchisor Holdco, shall not be obligated for any debt, obligation, or liability
of the Company solely by reason of being a member.
DBGI franchises and licenses a system of both traditional and nontraditional quick service restaurants. DD Franchisor and
related entities franchise restaurants featuring coffee, espresso, donuts, bagels, breakfast sandwiches, and related products.
The Company, along with Franchisor Holdco, the Master Issuer, and other affiliates, has entered into a management
agreement with Dunkin’ Brands, Inc. (“DBI”), a subsidiary of DBGI, under which DBI performs certain services related to
franchise arrangements and other assets held by the Company, including collecting franchisee payments, causing the
Company to enter into new franchise arrangements, and providing pre-opening and post-opening services for franchisees.

2.

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Basis of Presentation and Consolidation
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States ("GAAP").
The Company consolidates entities in which it has a controlling financial interest, the usual condition of which is ownership
of a majority voting interest. There are no other entities that consolidate into the Company. The Company also considers for
consolidation an entity, in which it has certain interests, where the controlling financial interest may be achieved through
arrangements that do not involve voting interests. Such an entity, known as a variable interest entity ("VIE"), is required to
be consolidated by its primary beneficiary. The primary beneficiary is the entity that possesses the power to direct the
activities of the VIE that most significantly impact its economic performance and has the obligation to absorb losses or the
right to receive benefits from the VIE that are significant to it.
The Company has entered into an agreement with SVC Service II Inc. (“SVC”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of DBI, through
which SVC operates the gift card program as part of the marketing efforts under the Dunkin’ brand. Through this agreement,
SVC is entitled to receive from the Company a service fee in exchange for providing services, which could include
reimbursement for any gift card administration expenses that are not otherwise funded through gift card breakage income or
other sources. Therefore, although the Company does not possess any ownership interest, it possesses a variable interest in
SVC. However, the Company does not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact SVC’s
economic performance, and therefore is not the primary beneficiary of SVC. The Company cannot quantify its maximum
exposure to loss resulting from its involvement with SVC given the uncertainty in future unfunded gift card administration
expenses. As of December 28, 2025 and December 29, 2024, the Company has not reimbursed any unfunded gift card
administration expenses.
Use of Estimates in the Preparation of the Financial Statements
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements, and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could
differ from those estimates.
Fiscal Year
The Company’s fiscal reporting periods consist of 52 or 53 weeks ending on the Sunday closest to December 31. For the
year 2023, the Company's fiscal reporting period ended on the last Saturday closest to December 31. Fiscal reporting periods
are referred to herein as (1) “the year ended December 28, 2025" or "2025," (2) "the year ended December 29, 2024" or
"2024" and (3) "the year ended December 30, 2023" or "2023." The years 2025, 2024, and 2023 consisted of 52 weeks.

7

