(or your Controlled Affiliate) to open and begin operating the Restaurant on or before the Required
Opening Date for that Restaurant. We or our affiliates may own the Premises and lease or sublease
the Premises to you. If you lease the Premises from a third-party landlord, you and the landlord must
sign our then-current form of Option to Assume the lease. Each purchase agreement or lease must
meet our then-current minimum requirements designed to protect us, our affiliates, and our System.
If you do not sign a Franchise Agreement and/or open the Restaurant on or before the Required
Opening Date identified in the Development Agreement, we may terminate your Development
Agreement.
Franchise Agreement. If you develop your Restaurant under a Franchise Agreement without first
signing a Development Agreement, it is solely your responsibility to search for and propose to us a
site on which to develop the Restaurant, and you must deliver to us for our review a complete site
report and other materials and information we request for a suitable site in time to open the Restaurant
on or before the Required Opening Date identified in the Franchise Agreement. You may only
develop a Restaurant at a site that we have accepted. When determining whether a site meets our
requirements, we consider the location, occupancy costs, proximity to major retail activity, traffic
volume and speed, density of nearby population (resident or daytime), competition and potential for
encroachment on other Restaurants of the same brand, site configuration, parking, accessibility,
visibility, signage permitted by the landlord and local governmental authorities, and other factors.
We generally issue a notice to proceed between 60 and 90 days after receiving the required
information related to the proposed site. If we disapprove of a site, you must submit alternative
proposed site locations for the Restaurant, including a complete site report, in time to open the
Restaurant on or before the Required Opening Date identified in the Franchise Agreement.
If you have not already done so before signing the Franchise Agreement, you must submit to us the
proposed purchase agreement or lease for the Premises, along with the acquisition, development and
construction costs, and such other information as we reasonably request, so that we can evaluate the
proposal. Each purchase agreement or lease must meet our then-current minimum requirements
designed to protect us, our affiliates, and our System. If you will lease the Premises from an
unaffiliated landlord, the landlord must agree to our then-current form of Option to Assume Lease
(Exhibit F).
Construction and Opening of the Restaurant
The typical length of time between the signing of the Franchise Agreement and commencing
operations of your Restaurant is between 8 to 15 months. You may not begin construction of your
Restaurant until we have approved the site and you have signed a Franchise Agreement. The
Restaurant and Premises must be designed, laid out, constructed, furnished, and equipped to meet our
Standards and specifications, and you must satisfy any conditions we specify to obtain our approval
of the development of the Restaurant and Premises. You must also confirm the Restaurant and
Premises to comply with local ordinances and building codes, and you must obtain the required
licenses and permits to develop and operate your business. You may not deviate from our approved
plans, specifications and requirements without our prior written approval. At our written request, you
must promptly correct any unapproved deviations in the development of the Restaurant or Premises.
You will be solely responsible for conforming the Premises to local ordinances and building codes
and obtaining any required permits.
You must open and begin operating the Restaurant, in accordance with our Standards and other
provisions of the Franchise Agreement, on or before the Required Opening Date specified in the
61
Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

