Agreement with the franchisor in 2003 for three potential locations in New Jersey. They opened their
first store in 2004 and a second location in 2005. Shetty Plaintiff claims that Dunkin’ unfairly turned
down her efforts to open a third franchise. After one of her partners dropped out of the business,
Shetty Plaintiff and her remaining partner sold both of her open Dunkin’ franchises in March 2010.
When those locations were abandoned by the new owner in December 2010, Shetty Plaintiff requested
and was denied permission by Dunkin’ to take over and resume operations at the two closed
franchises. Based on these allegations, Shetty Plaintiff raised a civil rights claim against Dunkin’
under 28 U.S.C. § 1981, as well as claims under the New Jersey Law Against Discrimination, tortious
interference with prospective economic advantage, defamation, libel, slander, and unjust enrichment.
Shetty Plaintiff’s civil rights claims are based on the allegation that franchisor discriminates against
Asian Indian women. On December 11, 2015, the trial court granted Dunkin’s motion to dismiss
Shetty Plaintiff’s claims under the New Jersey Law Against Discrimination, for tortious interference
with prospective economic advantage, defamation, libel, slander, and unjust enrichment. The case
was settled on February 23, 2017, with the entire settlement amount paid by Dunkin’s insurance
carrier and with no admission of liability by defendants. The matter is now closed.
Airport Mart, Inc. v. Dunkin’ Donuts Franchising LLC (Case No. 7:18-cv-00170) U.S. District Court
for the Southern District of New York, filed on January 9, 2018. Airport Mart, Inc. (“Airport
Plaintiff”) was a former Dunkin’ franchisee that brought suit against us regarding the development,
operation, and termination of the franchise agreement that was located at the Westchester Airport in
White Plains, New York from 2010 to 2015. Airport Plaintiff alleged that we induced him into
purchasing equipment for the Just Baked On Demand system and that he was instead “forced” to
purchase donuts from a commissary operated by another franchisee, rendering the Just Baked On
Demand equipment “useless.” Airport Plaintiff also claimed that that our employees made derogatory
comments about him to airport officials, failed to provide him with sufficient marketing and
advertising support, and delayed the opening of his franchise by changing up the construction plans
and site layouts. In addition, Airport Plaintiff claimed that we did not assist him in obtaining a new
location at the airport after his initial lease expired, failed to help him obtain a lease extension, and
refused to allow him to relocate the store. Airport Plaintiff raised several legal claims against us,
including breach of the franchise agreement, violation of New York’s deceptive trade practices
statute, fraud, and intentional misrepresentation and sought $10 million in damages. On the
September 16, 2019, the court dismissed Airport Plaintiff’s claims for fraud in the inducement,
intentional misrepresentation, and deceptive trade practices, leaving only the breach of contract claim
in the case. Following that ruling, the case was settled for a nominal amount on February 10, 2020,
without any admission of liability on our part and the matter is now closed.
Dunkin’ Donuts Franchising LLC v. Coffee & Brands Sweden AB, et al. (Case No. 01-1 8-00018486), American Arbitration Association, filed on May 9, 2018. Coffee & Brands Sweden AB (C&B)
(“C&B Respondent”) was the Dunkin’ franchisee in Sweden. Dunkin’ terminated C&B
Respondent’s master franchise agreement (MFA) for non-payment of almost $500,000 in franchise
fees and failure to secure an irrevocable letter of credit of $1 million as required under the MFA and
related agreements. We then filed this arbitration proceeding to enforce termination of the MFA. In
response, C&B Respondent raised counterclaims against us for fraud, negligent misrepresentation,
violation of the Massachusetts Unfair and Deceptive Trade Practices statute, breach of contract, and
breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing. Generally, C&B Respondent alleged
that Dunkin’ misrepresented the viability and success of its franchise system in Europe, made
inaccurate representations as to the financial performance C&B Respondent could expect its shops to
achieve, did not provide adequate support to C&B Respondent, and reneged on a promise to forgive
or reduce C&B Respondent’s debts. In addition, C&B Respondent claimed that, despite an
21
Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

