Fahrad Salari Lak, Lock Bakeries, Incorporated and F and J Holdings, Inc. v. Dunkin’ Donuts
Franchising LLC, et al. (Case No. GD 09 13755), Court of Common Pleas of Allegheny County,
Pennsylvania, filed on September 28, 2011. This dispute involves contracts to supply bakery products
to a Dunkin’ network of restaurants in the Pittsburgh market. Fahrad Salari Lak, Lock Bakeries,
Incorporated and F and J Holdings, Inc. (the “Fahrad Plaintiffs”) claim that, on December 31, 2006,
defendants entered into an Approved Bakery Manufacturers Agreement with Pittsburgh Baker’s
Dozen for a kitchen to the west of the city and with plaintiff, Fahrad Salari Lak, for a kitchen to be
developed to the east of the city making up the Pittsburgh Supply Plan. Fahrad Plaintiffs claim that
they invested hundreds of thousands of dollars to develop both kitchens. Fahrad Plaintiffs also claim
that Pittsburgh Baker’s Dozen ran into financial difficulties and that defendants encouraged them to
take over the eastern bakery ownership. No written agreements were entered into in connection with
these activities. Fahrad Plaintiffs claim that they acted upon promises and assurances by defendants
that they would be supplying donuts for Dunkin’ franchisees under the Pittsburgh Supply Plan.
Fahrad Plaintiffs claim that, at some point, Dunkin’ advised them that it had approved a “new option”
for defendant Heartland that would allow it to purchase unfinished “frozen pre-fried” donuts instead
of fresh baked donuts. Fahrad Plaintiffs further assert that Dunkin’, knowing of Fahrad Plaintiffs’
reliance on Dunkin’s promises to them, inquired as to what damages they had incurred as a result of
their reliance upon the continued assurances that they would be supplying fresh baked products and
other goods to Heartland’s stores. At that point, Fahrad Plaintiffs ceased development of the eastern
bakery, did not continue with the purchase on the western bakery premises, and filed this lawsuit.
Claims as to Dunkin’ are promissory estoppel and fraud. However, the trial court granted Dunkin’s
motion for summary judgment, striking Fahrad Plaintiffs’ damage claims for lost profits from the
bakery and limiting any potential recovery to out of pocket expenses and lost business opportunities.
No trial date has been set. Defendants deny the claims alleged by Fahrad Plaintiffs and intend to
vigorously defend the case.
Litigation Commenced by Us in the Past Fiscal Year Against Franchisees
Breach of Contract and Trademark Infringement Claims
Dunkin’ Donuts Franchising LLC v. Tan Po Lian and PT Dunkindo Lestari (American Arbitration
Association, Case No. 01-25-0005-1763, filed October 7, 2025).
Dunkin’ Donuts Franchising LLC v. Van der Valk Participaties B.V. (American Arbitration
Association, Case No. 01-25-0001-2138, filed March 3, 2025).
DD IP Holder LLC v Phoenix Foods (Pvt) Limited (principal defendant) and Dunkin Donuts
Franchising LLC (proforma defendant under local law) (Intellectual Property Tribunal, Lahore, Suit
no. 295/IPT/2025, filed November 2025).
Concluded Litigation
The following actions against us, a predecessor, a parent or affiliate that guarantees our performance,
an affiliate who offers franchises under the Proprietary Marks, or a person identified in Item 2 have
concluded:
Priti Shetty v. Dunkin’ Donuts Franchised Restaurants LLC, et al. (Case No. 3:15-cv-02664), U. S.
District Court for the District of New Jersey, filed on February 17, 2015. Priti Shetty (“Shetty
Plaintiff”), a former Dunkin’ franchisee, and two business partners entered into a Store Development
20
Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

