DA #________
satisfaction, improving product quality, improving uniformity, enhancing or encouraging modernization and
improving the competitive position of the System or Combo Restaurants.
G.
Notices. All notices delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall be sent by nationally
recognized overnight courier or certified mail to the physical addresses set forth in the Contract Data
Schedule, or to such other physical addresses as you and we provide each other in writing; provided,
however, that we may also send notice to you at the email address(es) set forth in the Contract Data
Schedule, or such other email addresses as you may provide to us in writing. All notices to us shall be sent
to us, “[c/o Dunkin’ Brands, Inc., as Manager,] Attention: Legal Department.”
H.
No Related Party Liability. You agree that none of our past, present or future directors,
officers, employees, incorporators, members, partners, stockholders, subsidiaries, affiliates, controlling
parties, entities under common control, ownership or management, vendors, service providers, agents,
attorneys or representatives will have any liability for: (1) any of our obligations or liabilities relating to or
arising from this Agreement; (2) any claim against us based on, in respect of, or by reason of, the relationship
between you and us; or (3) any claim against us based on any of our alleged unlawful acts or omissions.
I.
No Waiver or Disclaimer of Reliance in Certain States. The following provision applies
only to franchisees and franchises that are subject to the state franchise disclosure laws in California, Hawaii,
Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North Dakota, Rhode Island, South Dakota,
Virginia, Washington or Wisconsin:
No statement, questionnaire or acknowledgment signed or agreed by you in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the
effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law,
including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement
made by us, any franchise seller, or any other person acting on behalf of us. This
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection
with the franchise.

[signature page to follow]

12
2026 Dunkin’ FDD
Exhibit D-2 - Combo Development Agreement
1625632964.2

