4.B
Costs for Training. You are responsible for your costs incurred in receiving any Standards training
and in conducting your own training, including the cost of any materials and the salaries and travel expenses
of yourself, your management, and your employees. If the Restaurant fails to meet Standards, then in addition
to our other remedies, we may require you, your management and other Restaurant personnel to participate in
additional training programs at your expense, and you may be required to reimburse us for the costs of
providing such training.
4.C
Assistance. We will maintain a continuing advisory relationship with you by providing such assistance
as we periodically deem appropriate regarding the development and operation of a Dunkin’ Restaurant. We
may require that you designate an individual who satisfies the training and other requirements we periodically
specify as our primary contact. We may advise you on the Restaurant’s construction, design, layout,
equipment, maintenance, repair and remodeling; on the training of your Restaurant’s managers and crew
personnel; on marketing and merchandising; on inventory control and record-keeping; and on other aspects of
Dunkin’ Restaurant operations. We will make available to you our then-current Manuals setting out our
Standards, together with explanatory policies, procedures and other materials to assist you in complying with
those Standards.
4.D
Franchisee Advisory Council. We have established a franchisee advisory council comprised of
members elected by franchisees in accordance with an election process we periodically specify as well as
members appointed by us. We will consult with this group or its successor from time to time. This council
will serve solely in an advisory capacity with respect to the matters contemplated by this Agreement, provided
that the council currently has, and may have from time to time, particular consent, approval, and other rights
pursuant to specific programs, arrangements or policies that we periodically establish and modify, or under
other agreements with us.

SECTION 5. FEES, PAYMENTS AND REPORTING OF SALES
5.A
Initial Franchise Fee. You must pay us the Initial Franchise Fee specified in the Contract Data
Schedule in accordance with the DA or, if this Agreement is not being executed pursuant to a DA, then upon
executing this Agreement.
5.B
Marketing Start-Up Payment. In connection with a material branding or re-branding event at the
Restaurant such as opening, re-opening or remodel or any other event set forth in our Standards, you agree to
undertake promotional activities in the manner and to the extent that we prescribe in accordance with our
Standards. We will advise you in writing of the manner and timing of such activities. If we have established
a minimum dollar expenditure for your Restaurant’s initial opening promotional activities, that amount will be
set forth on the Contract Data Schedule.
5.C
Continuing Franchise Fee. On or before Thursday of each week, you agree to pay us a Continuing
Franchise Fee in an amount equal to (1) the Gross Sales (defined below) of the Restaurant for the seven (7)day period ending at the close of business on Saturday, twelve (12) days previous, multiplied by (2) the
Continuing Franchise Fee percentage stated in the Contract Data Schedule. We will specify the means and
manner of payment from time to time, in writing.
5.D
Continuing Advertising Fee. On or before Thursday of each week, you agree to pay us a Continuing
Advertising Fee in an amount equal to (1) the Gross Sales of the Restaurant for the seven (7)-day period ending
at the close of business on Saturday, twelve (12) days previous, multiplied by (2) the Continuing Advertising
Fee percentage stated in the attached Contract Data Schedule. The Continuing Advertising Fee should be paid
at the same time and in the same manner as the Continuing Franchise Fee, unless we specify otherwise, in
writing.
4
2026 Dunkin’ FDD
Exhibit C-1 - Dunkin’ Franchise Agreement
1625632961.4

