STATE OF CALIFORNIA
ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
1.

The following language is added to the end of Item 1:
To the extent it is applicable, you must comply with California Assembly Bill 1228, codified
at Cal. Lab. Code §§ 1474-1475 (the “Fast Food Act”), which may set health, safety, and
employment standards related to your employees, including standards on minimum wages,
working hours, and working conditions.

2.

The following language is added to the end of Items 5, 6, and 11:
We currently do not provide any training or assistance related to, or charge any initial or
ongoing fees related to, the development or implementation of any standards, policies, or
procedures that may be required under the Fast Food Act. It is solely your responsibility to
determine whether the Fast Food Act applies to your franchise and, to the extent it does apply,
to comply with the Fast Food Act when developing and constructing your restaurant, operating
your franchise, and training and supervising your employees.

3.

The last sentence of Note 11 to the Item 7 chart is hereby deleted and replaced with the following:
The additional funds estimate takes into account any increased costs that you may incur related
to complying with the Fast Food Act (such as increased wages), to the extent applicable, based
on the Fast Food Act standards that are in effect as of the date of this disclosure document.

4.

The following paragraph is added to the end of Item 17:
No statement, questionnaire or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by you in connection with
the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
reliance on any statement made by us, any franchise seller, or any other person acting on behalf
of us. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with
the franchise.

2
2026 Dunkin’ FDD
Exhibit E - State-Specific Appendices and Agreement Riders
1625632963.2

