Advertising Fee percentage stated in the attached Contract Data Schedule. The Continuing Advertising Fee
should be paid at the same time and in the same manner as the Continuing Franchise Fee, unless we specify
otherwise, in writing.
5.E
Gross Sales. “Gross Sales” means all revenue related to the sale of approved products and services
through the operation of the Restaurant, but does not include money received for the sale of stored value
cards and deposited into a central account maintained for the benefit of the Combo Restaurant network; taxes
collected from customers on behalf of a governmental body; or the sale of approved products to another
entity franchised or licensed by us for subsequent resale. All sales are considered to have been made at the
time the product is delivered to the purchaser, regardless of timing or form of payment. Revenues lost due to
employee theft are not deductible from Gross Sales. Sales made to approved wholesale accounts are
included in Gross Sales for purposes of calculating the Continuing Franchise Fee but not the Continuing
Advertising Fee. You must submit any wholesale account for our prior approval using the procedure we
specify from time to time. We may withdraw our approval at any time.
5.F
Taxes on Fees. If any tax or other fee (other than federal or state income tax based on our income) is
imposed on us by any governmental agency due to our receipt of fees or other amounts that you pay to us
under this Agreement, then you agree to pay us the amount of such tax or other fee as an additional
Continuing Franchise Fee.
5.G
Late Fees, Interest and Costs. If you are late in paying all or part of any fee or other amount due to
us or our affiliate, then without limiting our other remedies, you must also pay us our then-current late fee
and interest on the unpaid amount calculated from the date due until paid at the rate of one and one-half
percent (1.5%) per month, or the highest rate allowed by law, whichever is less. You must also pay all
collection charges, including reasonable attorneys' fees, that we and our affiliates incur to collect fees that are
due.
5.H
Gross Sales Reporting and EFT. You agree to participate in our program or procedure that we
periodically specify for Gross Sales reporting and payment of fees that are due, whether it is electronic fund
transfer (“EFT”) or some successor program, in accordance with our Standards. You agree to assume the
costs associated with maintaining your capability to report Gross Sales and transfer funds to us. In no event
will you be required to pay any sums before the date they are due, as described above.

SECTION 6. ADVERTISING AND MARKETING
6.A
Fund. Dunkin’ has established and administers The Dunkin' Advertising and Sales Promotion Fund
(the “Dunkin’ Fund”), and directs the development of all advertising, marketing and promotional programs
for the Dunkin’ System. Furthermore, Baskin-Robbins has established and administers The Baskin-Robbins
Advertising and Sales Promotion Fund (the “BR Fund”), and directs the development of all advertising,
marketing and promotional programs for the Baskin-Robbins System. We may use up to twenty percent
(20%) of Continuing Advertising Fees for the administrative expenses of the Dunkin’ Fund and/or BR Fund,
and for programs designed to increase sales and further develop the reputation and image of the brands. The
balance, including any interest earned by the Dunkin’ Fund and/or BR Fund, will be used for advertising and
related expenses. The content of all activities of the Dunkin’ Fund and BR Fund, including the media
selected and employed, as well as the area and restaurants targeted for such activities, will be determined by
Dunkin and Baskin-Robbins, accordingly. We are not obligated to make expenditures for you that are
equivalent or proportionate to your contributions to the Dunkin’ Fund and/or BR Fund, or to ensure that you
benefit directly or on a pro rata basis from the Dunkin’ Fund’s and/or BR Fund’s activities. Upon your
request, Dunkin’ and Baskin-Robbins will provide you with an audited statement of receipts and
disbursements for the Dunkin’ Fund and BR Fund, accordingly, that is audited by an independent, certified
public accountant, for each fiscal year of the Dunkin’ Fund and/or BR Fund.
5
2026 Dunkin’ FDD
Exhibit C-2 - Combo Franchise Agreement
1625632960.2

