ITEM 3:
LITIGATION
Pending Litigation
The following actions are pending against us, a predecessor, a parent or affiliate that guarantees our
performance, an affiliate who offers franchises under the Proprietary Marks, or a person identified in
Item 2:
Minda’s Donuts, Inc. v. Dunkin’ Donuts Franchising LLC (Case No. 1:26-cv-00016-TSM), U.S.
District Court for the District of New Hampshire, filed on January 16, 2026. The plaintiff is a current
multi-unit franchisee who previously operated a Dunkin’ Restaurant at the Colby Corner shopping
center in East Hampstead, New Hampshire under a franchise agreement with us. In September 2025,
we terminated the franchise agreement based on the plaintiff’s failure to timely comply with our
remodel requirements and deadlines. Plaintiff now alleges the following causes of action arising from
our termination of the franchise agreement: (1) breach of contract (wrongful termination of the
franchise agreement), (2) a declaratory judgment that our termination of the franchise agreement was
invalid, the franchise agreement remains in effect, and the plaintiff is entitled to continue to operate
the Colby Corner Dunkin’ Restaurant, (3) breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair
dealing, and (4) violations of the New Hampshire Consumer Protection Act, RSA 358-A. The
Complaint also includes plaintiff’s demand for, among other things, compensatory damages in an
unspecified amount; preliminary and permanent injunctive relief enjoining us from enforcing the
termination of the franchise agreement; an order requiring us to treat the franchise agreement as valid
and enforceable; an order enjoining us from interfering with plaintiff’s continued operation of the
Colby Corner Dunkin; Restaurant; a declaration that we must cooperate in good faith regarding any
remodel; a declaration that the remodel deadlines were waived, excused or extended; actual damages
and enhanced damages including up to treble damages under RSA 358-A:10; and reasonable
attorneys’ fees and costs. This matter is in the preliminary stages of litigation, and our Answer is
currently due on April 3, 2026. We intend to vigorously defend against these claims.
Dunkin Donuts Franchising, LLC and Baskin Robbins Franchising LLC v. Shree Krishna Donuts,
Inc. and Dilruba Choudhury (Case No. 2:26-cv-00548-MCA-AME), U.S. District Court for the
District of New Jersey, filed on January 16, 2026. We (together with our affiliate BR) filed a
Complaint and Motion for Temporary Restraining Order against a franchisee (and its
guarantor/owner) for, among other things, breach of contract and trademark infringement relating to
the franchisee’s failure to comply with obligations under the now-terminated franchise
agreement. On February 18, 2026, the defendants/counter-plaintiffs filed their Answer and
Counterclaim in which the defendants/counter-plaintiffs allege: (1) that we and BR violated the New
Jersey Franchise Practices Act, N.J.S.A. 56:10-1 et seq. because of our termination of the applicable
franchise agreement (effective on December 1, 2025) arising out of what defendants/counterplaintiffs claim were conflicting restaurant inspections and assessments, and (2) that we and BR
intentionally interfered with the contractual relationship between defendants/counter-plaintiffs and
their customers (who are other Dunkin’ franchisees) who purchased baked products from
defendants/counter-plaintiffs whose Restaurant defendants/counter-plaintiffs allege also operated as
a Central Manufacturing Location (“CML”). The Counterclaim includes defendants’/counterplaintiffs’ demand for compensatory damages in an unspecified amount, but including recovery of
the purchase price of the franchise and reimbursement for all expenses incurred, as well as attorneys’
fees, interest and costs of suit and for any other relief as the court deems appropriate.
18
Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

