6.B
Local Marketing. If you prepare (or cause to be prepared) any advertising, marketing, promotional,
customer relationship management, public relations and other brand-related programs for the Restaurant
(collectively, “Local Marketing”) materials or programs, then you must submit the materials and programs
and their proposed use to us for our prior written approval in advance of any use. You may not use any
Local Marketing materials or programs that we have not approved or have disapproved. You also must
comply with any Standards and other guidelines that we periodically specify concerning any Local
Marketing that you implement.
6.C
Additional Baskin-Robbins Marketing. From time to time, Baskin-Robbins may create national or
local promotional program(s) that, for a limited time, involved the giveaway of a specified product, or its sale
at some specified price. Baskin-Robbins may also create programs for frequency and loyalty cards and
redemption of gift certificates, coupons, and vouchers, the duration of which will be determined by BaskinRobbins. If we designate any such program as mandatory, you agree to participate fully.

SECTION 7. RESTAURANT OPERATIONS
7.A
Standards. You agree at all times to operate the Restaurant in accordance with all of our Standards,
as we may implement and modify them from time to time. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
among other things, you agree to:
(1)
keep the Restaurant open and in continuous operation for the days and hours we
periodically prescribe, and use the Restaurant and Premises only as a Combo Restaurant business,
unless we give written approval to do otherwise (and we may vary the hours of operation for specific
restaurants in our sole judgment based on, among other things, economic factors, the restaurant’s
market, and/or other factors we deem relevant);
(2)
install and use only equipment, fixtures, furnishings, fixtures, and signage for the
Restaurant (the “Operating Assets”) that we approve, and replace them as we may specify;
(3)
install and use a retail and back office information system and related equipment and
programs that we periodically specify and whose information relating to the Restaurant or the
business you operate under this Agreement is continuously accessible to us, for our access and use,
through polling or other direct or remote means that we periodically specify. Unless we approve
otherwise in writing, you will be required to use the retail information system approved by Dunkin’;
(4)
use only the inventory, supplies, materials, and other products and services for the
Restaurant that we periodically specify;
(5)
sell all products that we periodically specify as mandatory, sell only those products
that we periodically approve, and maintain a sufficient supply of all approved products to meet
customer demands at all times;
(6)
adopt and implement the training programs and materials for Restaurant personnel
that we periodically specify, maintain a sufficient number of properly-trained managers and
employees to render quick, competent and courteous service to Restaurant customers in accordance
with our Standards, and use only employees that have literacy and fluency in the English language
sufficient, in our reasonable opinion, to adequately communicate with customers if their duties
include customer service;
(7)
comply with all of requirements that we periodically specify, or that applicable law
requires, relating to health, safety and sanitation;
6
2026 Dunkin’ FDD
Exhibit C-2 - Combo Franchise Agreement
1625632960.2

