CO; Denver, CO; Grand Junction, CO; Honolulu, HI; Ottumwa, IA; Sioux City, IA; Topeka, KS; Wichita, KS;
Alexandria, LA; Baton Rouge, LA; Lafayette, LA; Monroe, LA; Shreveport, LA; Traverse City, MI;
Minneapolis, MN; Rochester, MN; Columbia-Jefferson City, MO; Joplin-Pittsburg, MO; Kansas City, MO;
St. Louis, MO; Biloxi, MS; Columbus, MS; Greenwood, MS; Hattiesburg, MS; Jackson, MS; Meridian, MS;
Lincoln, NE; Omaha, NE; Albuquerque, NM; Reno, NV; Oklahoma City, OK; Tulsa, OK; Memphis, TN;
Abilene, TX; Amarillo, TX; Austin, TX; Beaumont, TX; Corpus Christi, TX; Dallas, TX; Harlingen, TX;
Houston, TX; Laredo, TX; Lubbock, TX; Odessa, TX; San Angelo, TX; San Antonio, TX; Sherman, TX;
Tyler, TX; Victoria, TX; Waco, TX; Wichita Falls, TX; Salt Lake City, UT. If you fail to satisfy any of the
conditions listed in (a) through (d) above, the Strategic incentive program will not apply to the Restaurant(s).
If you meet the requirements of the Strategic incentive program, then under the applicable Franchise
Agreement:
a.
We will credit $225,000 toward the Continuing Franchise Fee owed under the
Franchise Agreement.
b.

The Continuing Advertising Fee will be amended as set forth below:
Duration of Effective CAF
Opening through Year 5
Year 6 through Year 8
Year 9 through remainder of the term

Effective CAF
2.4%
3.4%
5.0%

4.
Pacific Northwest Incentive. [Note: Only include if the franchisee qualifies for Pacific
Northwest Incentive] Because we and you are signing this Amendment before March 31, 2027, to develop one
or more New Commitments within the Pacific Northwest Territory (defined below), each Incentive
Commitment you agree to develop under the Development Schedule will receive the benefits of our “Pacific
Northwest Incentive” program, if (a) you and your affiliates are in substantial compliance with the
Development Agreement and each other agreement between us and you or your affiliates, including the
applicable Franchise Agreement, (b) you open and begin operating that Restaurant in compliance with the
Development Agreement and the applicable Franchise Agreement on or before the deadline in the
Development Schedule (the “Applicable Opening Deadline”), (c) you provide to us a report, in the format and
containing the information that we reasonably specify, identifying the amounts that you spend in various
categories relating to the development and opening of that Restaurant within 120 days after the Restaurant first
opens for business, and (d) you build that Restaurant in the design, to the specifications, and at the location
approved by us in compliance with the Development Agreement and the applicable Franchise Agreement, then
you will receive the benefits of the Pacific Northwest Incentive program described in this Section (subject to
the additional criteria for the benefits described in subsections (b) and (f)). The “Pacific Northwest Territory”
means the states of Idaho, Montana, North Dakota, Oregon, South Dakota, Washington, and Wyoming. If you
fail to satisfy any of the conditions listed in (a) through (d) above, the Pacific Northwest Incentive program
will not apply to the Restaurant(s). If you meet the requirements of the Pacific Northwest Incentive program,
then under the applicable Franchise Agreement:
a.
For the first or second Restaurant that you or your affiliates develop under the
Development Schedule and the Pacific Northwest Incentive program in the Pacific Northwest
Territory, we will reimburse you up to $20,000 for the first Restaurant and up to $10,000 for the second
Restaurant for amounts that you spend on promotional activities related to the opening of such
Restaurant, if you undertake such promotional activities in the manner and to the extent that we
prescribe in accordance with our Standards and you provide to us a report of such expenditures, in the
format and containing the information that we reasonably specify, together with all receipts.

3
2026 Dunkin’ FDD
Exhibit D-3 - Incentives Amendment to the Development Agreement
1625632888.3

