disclose that their accounts had been accessed without authorization. The NYAG also contended that
Dunkin’ Brands misrepresented its data security practices and procedures in its Privacy Policy to
consumers. The statutory claims raised by the NYAG against Dunkin’ Brands included: (1) GBL §
349, which prohibits deceptive acts and practices in the conduct of any business, trade, or commerce
or in the furnishing of any service in New York; (2) GBL § 350, which prohibits false advertising in
the conduct of any business, trade, or commerce or in the furnishing of any service in New York; and
(3) GBL § 899-aa, which requires that businesses disclose a breach of security to all New York State
residents whose private information was, or is reasonably believed to have been, acquired without
valid authorization. On September 22, 2020, the parties entered into a settlement under which
Dunkin’ Brands agreed to communicate with certain DD Perks customers who lived in New York, to
take certain data security measures and adopt certain investigative procedures regarding data security
issues and pay the New York Attorney General’s Office $650,000 in penalties and costs. The matter
is now closed.
Ram Donuts Inc. v. Dunkin’ Donuts Franchising LLC, et al. (United States District Court for the
District of Arizona, Case Nos. 22-CV-00433-TUC-LCK and 22-CV-0455-TUC-JCH). On
September 15, 2022, a terminated franchisee, Ram Donuts, Inc. (“Ram Donuts”) filed a complaint in
Pima County, Arizona state court against us and BR alleging breach of the franchise agreements,
declaratory judgment, and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing regarding the
termination of Ram Donuts’ franchise agreements (the “Initial Case”). On September 22, 2022,
defendants removed the Initial Case to the United States District Court for the District of Arizona.
On September 30, 2022, defendants filed an answer and counterclaim against Ram Donuts alleging
breaches of the parties’ franchise agreements and violations of 15 U.S.C. § 1125. On October 3,
2022, DD IP Holder LLC (“Dunkin’ IP Holder”) and BR IP Holder LLC (the “BR IP Holder”) filed
a separate complaint against Ram Donuts in the United States District Court for the District of Arizona
alleging trademark infringement, unfair competition, and false designation of origin (the “IP Holder
Case”). On October 18, 2022, the court consolidated the Initial Case and IP Holder Case. Ram
Donuts closed the affected restaurants in October 2022. On August 29, 2023, the parties entered into
a Settlement Agreement and Release whereby the Dunkin’ and Baskin-Robbins entities agreed to pay
Ram Donuts $110,000 in exchange for mutual releases and dismissal of the lawsuit with prejudice.
The matter is now closed.
Disclosures Regarding Affiliated Programs
The following affiliates who offer franchises resolved actions brought against them with settlements
that involved their becoming subject to currently effective injunctive or restrictive orders or decrees.
None of these actions have any impact on us or our brand nor allege any unlawful conduct by us.
The People of the State of California v. Arby’s Restaurant Group, Inc. (California Superior Court, Los
Angeles County, Case No. 19STCV09397, filed March 19, 2019). On March 11, 2019, our affiliate,
Arby’s Restaurant Group, Inc. (“ARG”), entered into a settlement agreement with the states of
California, Illinois, Iowa, Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Jersey, New York, North
Carolina, Oregon and Pennsylvania. The Attorneys General in these states sought information from
ARG on its use of franchise agreement provisions prohibiting the franchisor and franchisees from
soliciting or employing each other’s employees. The states alleged that the use of these provisions
violated the states’ antitrust, unfair competition, unfair or deceptive acts or practices, consumer
protection and other state laws. ARG expressly denies these conclusions but decided to enter into the
settlement agreement to avoid litigation with the states. Under the settlement agreement, ARG paid no
money but agreed (a) to remove the disputed provision from its franchise agreements (which it had
23
Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

