pursuant to the MOU by Dunkin’ Brands and, if and as applicable, the Brand Advisory Council. After the first
fiscal year of the program, the LCP Rate will be the following:
From National Program relaunch through
end of first full Fiscal Year thereafter:
Second Fiscal Year:
Third Fiscal Year:
Fourth Fiscal Year:
Fifth Fiscal Year and thereafter:

1.6 percent
1.6 percent
1.4 percent
1.4 percent
1.2 percent

The Loyalty Fund will be administered by Dunkin’ Brands. The funds deposited into the Loyalty Fund shall
only be used in furtherance of the Loyalty Program and shall not be used for general or administrative expenses,
including but not limited to Dunkin’ Brands headcount, for advertising or marketing expenses, or for loans or
other payments to Dunkin’ Brands. Notwithstanding, the Loyalty Funds may be used to repay the initial
funding made by Dunkin’ Brands to the Loyalty Fund to take into account the conversion and transition of
current rewards program points into the new Loyalty Program.
Redemption Reimbursement. When a member redeems rewards at your restaurant, you will receive a
reimbursement from the Loyalty Fund equal to the National Average Product Cost (including packaging and
paper) (the “NAPC”) for the redeemed item. The NAPC for each product shall be agreed to bi-annually by
the Brand Advisory Council and Dunkin’ Brands at the sub-category level. You will be reimbursed by ACH
transfer on a weekly basis for reward redemptions at the Restaurant based on the NACP for each item. You
will not be reimbursed for product promotions or other offers that are not tied to reward redemptions. Each
franchisee will be responsible for paying any taxes due on the reimbursements made to them under the Loyalty
Program and a 1099 will be issued each calendar year. You should consult with your own advisors to determine
whether any taxes may be due on such reimbursements.
3) Settlement of Funds/ ACH Authorization
a) You agree to follow all procedures we specify to facilitate the settlement of your LCP and the
reimbursements described above through an automated clearing house transaction via a Designated Account
provided through Web Enroll. You agree to maintain sufficient funds in the Designated Account to cover your
LCP obligations. You represent that you have authority to agree to such transactions and that the Designated
Account is a valid and legitimate account for the handling of these transactions. The ACH debits can be
combined with other amounts deducted from the Designated Account by Dunkin’ Brands under other
agreements allowing for such deductions between Dunkin’ Brands and you. All changes to the identification
of the Designated Account under this authorization must be made either in writing in accordance with the
Agreement, or by such other method as specified by Dunkin’ Brands at such time. You acknowledge that the
origination of ACH transactions to the Designated Account must comply with provisions of U.S. law. You
agree to provide Dunkin’ Brands with at least 15 days’ advance written notice of a change to the Designated
Account.
b) You authorize and agree that we may initiate debit entries, credit entries and other adjustments to a bank
account designated by you to facilitate the settlement of Loyalty Program funds and you further agree that
should any automated clearing house request or other request to transfer funds from any of your accounts be
rejected, we may effect such transfer by electronic funds transfer or such other means as we may determine
without the need of further consent from you.
4) Loyalty Program Defaults
A failure to enroll in the Loyalty Program via Web Enroll or to pay any amount due under this Agreement
shall be deemed a default under your Franchise Agreement. In addition to the remedies stated in these Terms
2
2026 Dunkin’ FDD
Exhibit J - Loyalty Program Participation Agreement
1625632973.2

