The fourth financial performance representation reflects the number of traditional 2025 Franchised
Restaurants that exceeded certain AUVs during 2025, as reflected in the first financial performance
representation.
Annual Unit Volume # / % Above for 2025 Franchised Traditional Restaurants
# of
Restaurants
5,592

Above
$3,000,000
64 / 1%

Above
$2,500,000
244 / 4%

Above
$2,000,000
844 / 15%

Above
$1,500,000
2,269 / 41%

Above
$1,000,000
4,348 / 78%

Notes:
(1)
“AUV” or “Annual Unit Volume” for the 2025 Franchised Restaurants is the same as Gross
Sales, which means all revenue related to the sale of approved products and provision of services
(including direct delivery, catering and/or delivery services through third parties) through the
operation of the franchised Dunkin’ Restaurant, but does not include money received for the sale of
stored value cards and deposited into a central account maintained for the benefit of the System; taxes
collected from guests on behalf of a governmental body; or the sale of approved products to another
entity franchised or licensed by us for subsequent resale.
(2)
We calculate the average AUVs in this Item 19 by adding the AUVs for each Dunkin’
Restaurant in the applicable group and dividing the sum by the number of Dunkin’ Restaurants in the
applicable group. We obtain the AUVs for franchised Dunkin’ Restaurants from sales reports that
franchisees submit to us and from data that we collected from franchisees’ POS systems. We have
not independently audited that information. Prospective franchisees and sellers of franchises should
be advised that no certified public accountant has audited these figures or expressed his or her opinion
concerning their contents or form. Upon your reasonable request, we will provide written
substantiation for these financial performance representations. A Dunkin’ Restaurant’s sales may
vary depending on a number of factors, such as the restaurant’s location and physical condition, other
characteristics of the site (such as access and signage), seasonality, competition and demographics in
the market, pricing decisions, the level and types of marketing the restaurant undertakes, the quality
of management and service, commitment to training staff, a franchisee’s business acumen, and the
length of time the restaurant has been open. The 2025 Franchised Restaurants offer essentially the
same products and services, face the same kinds of competitive challenges, and receive the same level
of support from us that we expect new franchisees will experience.
(3)
We define “Site Type and Venue” for purposes of these financial performance representations
as follows:



Traditional Dunkin’ Restaurants: A free-standing location is typically a stand-alone
building on a pad or outlot. Other traditional Dunkin’ Restaurants are located at
shopping centers/store fronts.
Non-traditional Dunkin’ Restaurants/SDOs: “Gas or C-stores” are typically located at
gas filling stations and convenience stores. “Airport” locations are typically located
in terminals of airports. “Other” non-traditional/SDO Dunkin’ Restaurants are located
at casinos, hospitals, entertainment and sports complexes, schools and colleges, hotels,
limited-access highway food facilities, military facilities, travel centers, travel plazas,
90

Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

