SECTION 12. INSURANCE AND INDEMNIFICATION
12.A

Insurance.
(1)
Before opening or operating the Restaurant for business, and before beginning
construction of the Restaurant if you are developing the Restaurant, you agree to acquire insurance
coverage of the type and in the amounts required by law, by any lease or sublease, and by us, as
prescribed in our Standards. You must maintain such coverage in full force and effect throughout the
Term. We have the right to change these insurance requirements from time to time. All insurance
must be placed and maintained with insurance companies with ratings that meet or exceed our
Standards. At our request, you must provide us with proof of required insurance coverages.
We and any affiliate we designate must be named as additional insureds as our respective
interests appear, and all policies must contain provisions denying to the insurer acquisition of rights of
recovery against any named insured by subrogation. All policies shall include a provision prohibiting
cancellations or material changes without thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to all named insureds.
Policies may not be limited in any way by reason of any insurance that we (or any named party) may
maintain. Upon our request, you must produce proof that you currently have the insurance coverage
described in this Agreement. If such insurance coverage is not in effect, then in addition to our other
remedies, we have the right to purchase the necessary coverage for the Restaurant at your expense and
to bill you for any premiums and costs. This obligation to maintain insurance is separate and distinct
from your obligation to indemnify us under the provisions below.
(2)
Both you and we waive any and all rights of recovery against each other and our
respective officers, employees, agents, and representatives, for damage to the waiving party or for loss
of its property or the property of others under its control, to the extent that the loss or damage is covered
by insurance. To obtain the benefit of our waiver, you must have the required insurance coverage in
effect. When you are obtaining the policies of insurance required by this subsection, you must give
notice to your insurance carriers that the above mutual waiver of subrogation is contained in this
Agreement. This obligation to maintain insurance is separate and distinct from your obligation to
indemnify us under the provisions of Section 12.B.

12.B Indemnification. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold us, our affiliates, and our and their
respective owners, officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and assigns (collectively, the
“Indemnified Parties”), harmless from all claims related in any way to your development, operation, possession
or ownership of the Restaurant or the Premises, or any debt or obligation of yours. This indemnification covers
all fees (including reasonable attorneys’ fees), costs and other expenses incurred by us or on our behalf in the
defense of any claims, except as provided below, and shall not be limited by the amount of insurance required
under this Agreement. Our right to indemnity shall be valid notwithstanding that joint or concurrent liability
may be imposed on us or any other Indemnified Party by law. No settlement of any claim against us shall be
made without our prior written consent if we would be subjected to any liability not covered by you or your
insurer. You will have the right to assume control of the defense of and otherwise respond to and address any
claim or proceeding that is subject to this Section 12.B, provided however, that each Indemnified Party may at
its election, by written notice to you, assume control of the defense of and otherwise respond to and address
any such claim or proceeding, but only if (1) the claim or proceeding involves a class action or action that
involves more than just the Restaurant and other Dunkin’ Restaurants that you or your affiliates own, (2) a
negative decision in the claim or proceeding would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse impact
on the Dunkin’ brand or goodwill associated with the Proprietary Marks, or (3) you (or your insurance carrier)
does not actively defend the Indemnified Party’s interests in the claim or proceeding. If the Indemnified Party
assumes control of the defense of any claim or proceeding pursuant to the preceding sentence, then (a) the
Indemnified Party shall be responsible for its own fees (including reasonable attorneys’ fees), costs and other
12
2026 Dunkin’ FDD
Exhibit C-1 - Dunkin’ Franchise Agreement
1625632961.4

