expenses, and you may at your option retain separate co-counsel and otherwise participate in the defense at
your sole cost and expense; and (b) your indemnification, defense and hold harmless obligations under this
Section 12.B shall not apply with respect to that claim or proceeding. Your obligations under this Section 12.B
will continue in full force and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding this Agreement’s expiration or
termination. To the extent that this Section 12.B directly conflicts with any specific defense, hold harmless or
indemnification provisions in any other written contract between us or in any program or offering in which
you participate, such as our Loyalty Program, such provisions will govern to the extent of such conflict.

SECTION 13. TRANSFERS
13.A Transfer by Us. We may change our ownership or form and/or assign this Agreement and any other
agreement between us and you (or any of your Owners or affiliates) without restriction. This Agreement inures
to the benefit of our successors and assigns. Upon transfer, we will have no further obligation under this
Agreement, except for any accrued liabilities.
13.B Transfer by You – Defined. We entered into this Agreement based on and in reliance on our
perceptions of your (or your Owners’) individual or collective character, skill, aptitude, attitude, business
ability and financial capacity. Therefore, neither this Agreement nor any direct or indirect interest in or rights
or obligations under this Agreement, nor the Restaurant or all or substantially all of the Operating Assets, nor
any direct or indirect ownership interest in you (if you are a business entity), may be transferred (as defined
below), whether directly or indirectly, without our prior written approval. A transfer of the ownership,
possession or control of the Restaurant or the Operating Assets may be made only with a transfer of this
Agreement. Any transfer without our approval is a breach of this Agreement and has no effect.
In this Agreement, the term “transfer,” whether or not capitalized, includes any voluntary, involuntary,
direct or indirect assignment, sale, gift or other disposition and includes the following events, whether they
impact you (or your Owners) directly or indirectly: (a) transfer of record or beneficial ownership of any direct
or indirect ownership interest in you or the right to receive all or a portion of your profits or losses or any
capital appreciation relating to you or the Restaurant (whether directly or indirectly); (b) a merger,
consolidation or exchange of ownership interests, or issuance of additional ownership interests or securities
representing or potentially representing ownership interests, or a redemption of ownership interests; (c) any
sale or exchange of voting interests or securities convertible to voting interests, or any management agreement
or other arrangement granting the right to exercise or control the exercise of the voting rights of any Owner or
to control your or the Restaurant’s operations or affairs; (d) transfer in a divorce, insolvency or entity
dissolution proceeding, or otherwise by operation of law, or by will, declaration of or transfer in trust, or under
the laws of intestate succession; or (e) foreclosure upon or attachment or seizure of the Restaurant, any of its
Operating Assets, or any direct or indirect ownership interest in you; or (f) transfer, surrender or loss of the
possession, control or management of all or any material portion of the Restaurant (or its operation) or you.
A “Controlling Ownership Interest” in you (if you are an entity) means any transfer, or any series of
transfers (regardless of the time period during which they take place), that results in any individual or entity
(together with its affiliates), directly or indirectly acquiring or coming into possession or control of either (1)
fifty percent (50%) or more of the direct or indirect ownership interests in you, or (2) any ownership interest
or other direct or indirect right or interest in you that provides the right, power or authority to direct and control
your management and policies, in either case, who did not own, possess or control such interest as of the
Effective Date. A “Non-Controlling Ownership Interest” in you (if you are an entity) means the transfer or
creation of any direct or indirect ownership interest in you that is not a Controlling Ownership Interest.
13.C Conditions for Our Approval of Non-Control Transfer. We will not unreasonably withhold our
consent to a transfer of a Non-Controlling Ownership Interest in you or your Owners if the proposed transferee
and its direct and indirect owners (if the transferee is an entity) are of good character, otherwise meet our then
13
2026 Dunkin’ FDD
Exhibit C-1 - Dunkin’ Franchise Agreement
1625632961.4

