DA #________
by the applicable Required Opening Date in the Development Schedule; and (b) IFFs applicable
under the Development Schedule are applied or paid for that SDO Restaurant regardless of the length
of lease term (and any corresponding franchise term) that you or your Controlled Affiliate secure for
that location.
(2)
For all SDOs other than gas/convenience locations (which are addressed in
Subsection (1) above), if you propose and we approve you (or your Controlled Affiliate) for a
Combo Restaurant in an SDO location within the Development Area, we will consider the
development of that location to satisfy one of the Restaurants you are required to develop pursuant to
the Development Schedule, provided that: (a) we determine the proposal will result in a Restaurant
that meets our minimum then-current menu and design criteria for a traditional Combo Restaurant
and that opens by the applicable Required Opening Date in the Development Schedule; (b) we retain
final approval as to how many, if any, SDOs may be developed in lieu of the Restaurants you were
originally required to develop under the Development Schedule; (c) none of the SDOs approved by
us under this Section 2.B(2) will be included in the number of Restaurants opened for determining
whether you qualify for the Mid-Term Extension set forth in Section 6.B; and (d) the initial franchise
fee payable for that SDO will be our then-current standard rate for SDOs, and we will apply as a
credit towards the next payment due from you under this Agreement the difference between the IFF
deposit that you previously paid to us under this Agreement for the applicable Restaurant and the
initial franchise fee for the SDO, unless there are no further payments due from you under this
Agreement, in which case the we will apply that difference as a credit towards the Continuing
Franchise Fee accrued under the Franchise Agreement for the SDO.
3.
INITIAL FRANCHISE FEES. Subject to Section 2 above, you must pay us an Initial Franchise
Fee (“IFF”) for each Restaurant to be developed pursuant to this Agreement in the amounts and at the times
stated in Exhibit B. At our option, you will make all payments to us by electronic fund transfer (“EFT”), and
provide us with authorization and bank account data necessary to set up EFT. These IFFs are non-refundable
and must be paid in full, without reduction or offset. However, subject to Section 2 above, we will apply the
IFFs paid under this Agreement towards the initial franchise fees payable under each Franchise Agreement
that you (or your Controlled Affiliate) signs pursuant to this Agreement, and the IFFs are due and payable on
at the times stated in Exhibit B notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Franchise Agreement.
4.
SITE SELECTION, DEVELOPMENT AND OPENING OF RESTAURANTS AND SIGNING
FRANCHISE AGREEMENTS.
A.
Although we may assist you in your search, it is solely your responsibility to search for and
propose to us the site on which you wish to develop a Restaurant. You must deliver to us for our review a
complete site report and other materials and information we request for suitable site(s) within the
Development Area in time to meet your obligations under the Development Schedule. You may only
develop a Restaurant at a site that we have accepted. Despite any assistance, information or
recommendations that we provide with respect to any site, we have made and will make no representations or
warranties of any kind, express or implied, of the suitability of any site for a Combo Restaurant or any other
purpose. In addition to site information, you must submit information to us concerning the proposed layout
and other aspects of the proposed Restaurant’s design and appearance. You must make the changes to the
proposed design and appearance that we require and develop the Restaurant only in accordance with our
requirements. Each Restaurant must be constructed and equipped to our then-current standards and
specifications.
B.
You must submit to us the proposed purchase agreement or lease for the Restaurant’s
premises, along with the acquisition, development and construction costs, and such other information as we
reasonably request, so that we can evaluate the proposal. Each purchase agreement or lease must meet our
3
2026 Dunkin’ FDD
Exhibit D-2 - Combo Development Agreement
1625632964.2

