10.C Covenants After the Term. For the first twenty-four (24) months following the expiration or
termination of this Agreement or transfer pursuant to Section 13 (the “Post-Term Period”), neither you nor any
of your Owners, officers, directors or guarantors may have a direct or indirect ownership interest in, perform
any services or other activities for, provide any assistance to, sell any products to, or receive any financial or
other benefit from any Competitive Business that is located at the Premises or within five (5) miles from the
Premises or any other Dunkin’ Restaurant that is then open or under development. The Post-Term Period will
be automatically extended, with respect to any persons covered by this Section 10.C who are not complying
fully with this Section 10.C, for each day during which that person is not complying fully with this Section
10.C.
10.D Exclusions. The restrictions in Sections 10.B and 10.C shall not apply to the ownership of (1) less
than two percent (2%) of a company whose shares are listed and traded on a national or regional securities
exchange; or (2) a passive investment interest of less than fifteen percent (15%) in any real estate development
company, provided that such interest does not include any management control, voting rights, or other direct
or indirect control over the policies or operations of that development company, such as any rights or control
with respect to the tenants, owners or other concepts in any real estate development.
10.E Acknowledgements. You acknowledge that a breach of the covenants contained in this Section
10 will be deemed to threaten immediate and substantial irreparable injury to us and give us the right to
obtain immediate injunctive relief without limiting any other rights we might have. If a court or other
tribunal having jurisdiction to determine the validity or enforceability of this Section 10 determines
that, strictly applied, it would be invalid or unenforceable, then the time, geographical area and scope of activity
restrained shall be deemed modified to the minimum extent necessary such that the restrictions in this Section
10 will be valid and enforceable.

SECTION 11. MAINTENANCE AND SUBMISSION OF BOOKS, RECORDS AND REPORTS
11.A Maintaining Records. You must keep business records in the manner and for the time required by law
and our Standards, and in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. All records must be in
English, and whether on paper or in an electronic form, must be capable of being reviewed by us without
special hardware or software. You must retain copies of each state and federal tax return for the franchised
business for a period of five (5) years.
11.B Reporting. You must submit to us, in the form and manner we periodically specify, profit and loss
statements for the Restaurant on a monthly basis, and, at our request, balance sheets for your fiscal half-year
and year-end. If we specify additional records for periodic reporting, you agree to submit those records as
required.
11.C Audit of Records. Within fifteen (15) days after our request and at our option, you agree to (1)
photocopy and deliver to us those required records that we specify, or (2) at a location acceptable to us, provide
us access to any required records that we specify for examination and photocopying by our representatives.
You also hereby grant us the right (to the extent you have that right) to examine the records of your purchases
kept by any of your suppliers or distributors, including the National DCP or any successor entities, and hereby
authorize those suppliers and distributors to allow us to examine and copy those records at our own expense.
If after we review your business records, which may include your business tax returns, we believe that
intentional underreporting of Gross Sales may have occurred, then upon request, and in addition to our other
remedies, you and any signatory and guarantor of this Agreement must provide us with personal federal and
state tax returns and personal bank statements for the periods requested.

11
2026 Dunkin’ FDD
Exhibit C-1 - Dunkin’ Franchise Agreement
1625632961.4

