of testing will range from $1,000 to $10,000 depending on the complexity of the products or services.
All requests will be reviewed in accordance with our then-current policies and procedures, and we
will take into consideration our available resources, which may affect the timing of our response. The
supplier must meet our then-current specifications, standards, and requirements, which may include
signing a non-disclosure agreement and a guarantee of performance. We may change our
specifications, standards, and requirements from time to time, and there is no limit on our right to
change our specifications, standards and requirements. We will notify you and the supplier within
180 days of your initial request. If you do not receive a response from us within 180 days from your
initial request, your request will be deemed disapproved. We may withdraw our approval of any
supplier at any time if the supplier’s performance does not meet our specifications, standards, and
requirements.
We may limit the number of suppliers that we may consider for approval and for certain products,
and we may in the future designate ourselves, any of our affiliates, or any third-parties as an exclusive
supplier for one or more products or services.
Currently, we have exclusive supplier arrangements for purchasing and distribution services, fountain
and packaged beverage products, and certain restaurant technology. Additionally, in certain markets
we have approved third-party suppliers to produce and deliver certain donut and bakery products to
franchisees that operate Restaurants within select markets. Franchisees that operate a Restaurant
within those select markets must purchase from such third-party the donut and bakery products that
we designate for a specified period of time. You must also secure an approved back-up supplier to
produce those products in the event your main supplier cannot or will not produce or deliver the
required products to you. You may be required to transport your own donuts and bakery products
using a delivery vehicle you have purchased and that meets our standards and specifications, using
containers that meet our standards and specifications, and in accordance with a schedule and in a
manner that meet both applicable legal requirements and our standards and specifications.
You may only develop the Restaurant at a site that we have accepted. The Restaurant and the
Premises must be designed, laid out, constructed, furnished, and equipped to meet our Standards and
specifications, and you must satisfy any conditions we specify to obtain our approval of the
development of the Restaurant and Premises. You may not deviate from our approved plans,
specifications and requirements without our prior written approval. Any plans that we provide to
you, and our approval of any plans you submit to us, relate solely to compliance with our Standards
and should not be construed as a representation or warranty that the plans comply with applicable
laws and regulations. That responsibility is solely yours. At our written request, you must promptly
correct any unapproved deviations in the development of the Restaurant or Premises. At your option,
our affiliates also may provide site and kitchen layout design services. Our affiliates only offer site
layout services for Dunkin’ Restaurants with a drive-thru window.
If you have not already done so before executing the Franchise Agreement, you must submit to us the
proposed purchase agreement or lease for the Premises, along with the acquisition, development and
construction costs, and such other information as we reasonably request, so that we can evaluate the
proposal. Each purchase agreement or lease must meet our then-current minimum requirements
designed to protect us, our affiliates, and our System. If you will lease the Premises from an
unaffiliated landlord, the landlord must agree to our then-current form of Option to Assume Lease,
attached here as Exhibit F of the FDD. If you or your affiliate directly or indirectly acquire ownership
or control of the Premises, you must promptly give us written notice of such ownership or control and
execute (or cause your affiliate to execute) our then-standard agreement giving us the option to lease
54
Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

