already done); (b) not to enforce the disputed provision in existing agreements or to intervene in any
action by the Attorneys General if a franchisee seeks to enforce the provision; (c) to seek amendments
of the existing franchise agreements in the applicable states to remove the disputed provision from the
agreements; and (d) to post a notice and ask franchisees to post a notice to employees about the disputed
provision. The applicable states instituted actions in their courts to enforce the settlement agreement
through Final Judgments and Orders, Assurances of Discontinuance, Assurances of Voluntary
Compliance, and similar methods.
In the Matter of Jimmy John’s Franchisor SPV LLC (Securities Commissioner of Maryland, Case No.
2025-0122). On March 28, 2022, JJF filed a Franchise Disclosure Document (FDD) with the Maryland
Securities Division as part of a notice of exemption from franchise registration. In this filing, JJF listed
the former franchisees but omitted the required contact information for the majority of those franchisees.
The Maryland Securities Commissioner asserted that this omission violated the Maryland Franchise
Registration and Disclosure Law, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) Franchise Rule, and the North
American Securities Administrators Association (NASAA) Guidelines, all of which require franchisors
to provide contact information for former franchisees in their FDDs. JJF asserted that the omission was
inadvertent and not material, but in order to avoid the time commitment and expense of administrative
or judicial proceedings, the Maryland Securities Commissioner and JJF entered into a Consent Order
on June 9, 2025. Under the terms of the Consent Order, JJF agreed to pay a $30,000 civil monetary
penalty, to permanently cease and desist from the offer or sale of franchises in violation of the Maryland
Franchise Law, and to disclose the existence of the Consent Order in future franchise disclosure
documents.
Except as described above, no litigation is required to be disclosed in this Item.
ITEM 4:
BANKRUPTCY
No bankruptcy is required to be disclosed in this Item.
ITEM 5:
INITIAL FEES
Initial Franchise Fee
You must pay us an initial franchise fee (“IFF”) when you sign the Franchise Agreement. The IFF
amount is determined by the territory or Designated Market Areas (“DMAs”) in which the Restaurant
will be located and sorted into the Development Area Type identified below. DMAs are defined by
Nielsen Television Media Marketing, and the counties that are included in each DMA are identified
below. During our 2025 fiscal year, the IFF paid by our franchisees ranged from $0 to $90,000. We
reserve the right to change what DMAs are included in each Development Area Type.
Restaurant Type
Standard
Restaurant

Initial Franchise Fee

Dunkin’ $40,000 to $90,000 depending on the Development Area Type (described below)

24
Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

