Real Estate
If you lease or sublease the Premises from our affiliate, you may be required to pay our affiliate a
security deposit or other charges payable under the sublease before the business opens. The security
deposit is refundable at the end of the lease or sublease term if, after we conduct or receive a final
accounting from the landlord under the prime lease, and you have no outstanding financial obligations
to us or our affiliates.
Design Fees
At your request, our affiliate may develop a preliminary site layout (“PSL”) or a preliminary kitchen
layout (“PKL”) for your Restaurant. If our affiliate prepares a PSL and/or PKL for the Restaurant
you must pay our affiliate the then-current Kitchen Layout Design Fees and/or Site Design Fees as
applicable. Currently, the Site Design Fee is $1,200 for a PSL for a new or remodeling Restaurant
and the Kitchen Layout Design Fee is $1,200 for a PKL for a new Restaurant and $750 for a PKL for
a remodeling Restaurant. Our affiliates only offer PSL services to Restaurants with drive-thrus.
IFF Under Development Agreement
Initial Franchise Fees, Development Agreement. You must pay us an IFF for each Dunkin’
Restaurant and Combo Restaurant you agree to develop under the Development Agreement. You
must pay 25% of the IFF for each Restaurant you agree to develop at the time you sign the
Development Agreement. You must pay the remaining portion of the IFF on either the date that is 6
months before the Required Opening Date (as identified in the Development Agreement) or the
Restaurant’s actual opening date, whichever is earlier.
Multi-Brand Locations
If we and an Other Franchisor grant you the right to open and operate a Dunkin’ Restaurant and Other
Restaurant(s) at a Multi-Brand Location, you must pay all initial fees due under each applicable Other
Franchisor’s franchise agreement, in addition to the initial fees described in this Item 5. Additionally,
you must complete all training required for the Other Restaurant(s) under each applicable Other
Franchisor’s franchise agreement in addition to the training required for the Dunkin’ Restaurant. You
must also pay us any training fees and additional expenses that we incur in connection with any
additional or specialized training required for the Restaurant’s personnel due to its status as MultiBrand Location. We currently do not charge or expect to charge a fee or incur any additional expenses
for any additional or specialized training we may provide for Multi-Brand Locations during 2026.
General Notes
Unless noted above, all initial payments to us and our affiliates are non-refundable. We reserve the
right to reduce or waive any of the above initial fees for franchisees on a case-by-case basis under
certain circumstances.
Incentives
Non-Traditional College/University Incentive Program. The “Non-Traditional College/University
Incentive” program encourages existing franchisees to develop Dunkin’ Restaurants that offer the full
range of Dunkin’ products on college campuses near their existing restaurants. To qualify, you must
sign a Franchise Agreement and Non-Traditional Rider on or before March 31, 2027, to develop the
33
Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

