(13)

POS System and BOH Technical Maintenance. We may require you to participate in a
monthly maintenance program with our approved vendor with respect to your POS System
and/or your BOH software, which will fund continuous improvements in the base software
for the benefit of your Restaurant. Fixed monthly fees range from $10 to $25 per Restaurant.

(14)

Payment Services. You may be required, in connection with your purchase of hardware,
software and services from our approved vendors or from us, to pay a service fee to us or a
third party for billing and administrative services they or we provide. We have entered into
agreements with certain vendors under which we may assist such vendors with the billing and
collection of fees from franchisees. While carrying out our responsibilities under such
agreements, we may derive income for our services based on a percentage of the invoiced
amounts, ranging from 0% to 6%.

(15)

Data Availability Services. You may be required to purchase data availability services from
our approved vendor for your Restaurants. Data availability includes the access to your time
punch and transactional-level sales data for a rolling 18 months of data in the back-office
system. Annual fees for data availability are $36 per year, per Restaurant. Franchisees may
opt out of data archiving, beginning in month 19, by providing 30 days’ notice before the next
quarterly billing cycle; provided, however, a one-time re-activation fee of $1,500 plus all past
monthly fees will be charged to reinstate the data archiving services.

(16)

In-Restaurant Music Service. You may be required to participate in an approved in-Restaurant
music program to provide music and marketing content. We may require you to purchase,
install, and maintain the system from our approved vendor. The cost of streaming hardware
includes an initial charge of $100-$200 and then $25-$50 per month. All other associated
costs related to sound distribution (speakers, amps, etc.) are dependent upon the type of system
installed, and the size and configuration of your Restaurant. We do not permit playing music
from other sources at your Restaurant.

(17)

Frictionless Drive-Thru. You may be required to participate in an approved frictionless drivethru program with our approved vendor. This would include a $32-$45 cost per site per
month.

(18)

Security Patching. You are required to participate in a vendor approved security patching
program. This would cover the Operating System and other third-party software
patching/updating typically done once a month. The approximate cost would be $5-$10 per
endpoint per month (example endpoints include each POS terminal and kiosk).

Below is a breakdown of the cost estimates for the additional, required aspects of the Restaurants
Technology System if you will develop and operate a Combo Restaurant:
(1)

Nutritional Labeling Printer. As determined by controlling laws and regulations, you may be
required to purchase, install, and maintain a label printer to provide information regarding the
ingredients, components and/or nutritional information for products, which you sell in the
Combo Restaurant. The initial cost of such a printer from our vendor ranges from $75 to $500
depending on the model selected.

(2)

Retail Transaction Receipt Marketing Solution. We may require you to participate in a
monthly Retail Transaction Receipt Marketing Solution program, which will fund continuous
69

Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

