DUNKIN’ BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Leases
The Company evaluates the contracts it enters into to determine whether such contracts contain leases. A contract contains a
lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of identified property or equipment for a period of time in exchange
for consideration. Our contracts do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. At
commencement, contracts containing a lease are further evaluated for classification as an operating or finance lease where
the Company is a lessee, or as an operating, sales-type or direct financing lease where the Company is a lessor or sublessor,
based on their terms.
Management makes certain estimates and assumptions regarding each new lease and sublease agreement, renewal and
amendment, including, but not limited to, property values, market rents, property lives, discount rates and probable term, all
of which can impact the classification of and accounting for the Company's leases. The amount of depreciation and
amortization, interest and rent expense and income reported would vary if different estimates and assumptions were used.
The Company has lease agreements with lease and non-lease components. The Company elected the practical expedient to
not separate non-lease components from lease components for all classes of underlying assets.
Operating Leases
Operating lease assets and liabilities are recognized upon lease commencement. The Company recognizes operating lease
liabilities equal to the future unpaid lease payments for non-cancelable operating leases having an initial lease term in excess
of one year, discounted by Inspire’s incremental borrowing rate ("IBR"). Inspire's IBR is used because the rates implicit in
most of the Company's leases are not readily determinable. The IBR selected is based on Inspire's credit rating and
respective lease term.
Minimum lease payments or receipts, including minimum scheduled rent increases, are recognized as rent expense where
the Company is a lessee, or income where the Company is a lessor, as applicable, on a straight-line basis over the applicable
lease terms. There is a period under certain lease agreements referred to as a rent holiday that begins on the possession date
and ends on the rent commencement date. During a rent holiday, no cash rent payments are typically due under the terms of
the lease; however, expense is recorded for that period on a straight-line basis.
Lease cost for operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis and includes the amortization of the right of use
("ROU") asset and interest expense related to the operating lease liability. Variable lease cost for operating leases includes
contingent rent. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded in the consolidated balance sheets and are
recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term in the Company's consolidated statements of operations. Lease costs
are recorded in the consolidated statements of operations based on the nature of the underlying lease as follows: (1) rental
expense for leased property that are subsequently subleased to franchisees is recorded to “Occupancy expenses - franchise
restaurants” and (2) rental expenses related to leases for corporate offices and equipment is recorded to “Selling, general and
administrative expenses.”
Finance Leases
Amounts of finance leases are recognized based on future unpaid lease payments over the lease term, discounted by the
Company’s IBR. Lease cost for finance leases includes the amortization of the finance lease asset, which is amortized on a
straight-line basis and recorded to "Depreciation and amortization," and interest expense on the finance lease liability, which
is calculated using the effective interest method and recorded to "Interest expense." Finance lease assets are amortized over
the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the terms of the respective leases, including periods covered by renewal options
that the Company is reasonably assured of exercising.
Selling, General and Administrative Expenses
Selling, general and administrative expenses primarily consist of wages and benefits, professional service fees, and
occupancy costs for corporate headquarters and regional offices.

11

