Dunkin’ brand. Administrative expenses may include payments to us, our affiliates, or third parties
for the payment of travel, rent, salaries, benefits, and/or other expenses incurred in connection with
our administration of the Fund. The balance of Continuing Advertising Fees, plus any interest earned
by the Fund, will be used for advertising and related expenses. Advertising and related expenses may
include marketing and promotional activities and the costs to prepare, produce and distribute
advertising, marketing, and related materials. Advertising may be disseminated in various types of
media (e.g., print, radio, television, the Internet, billboards, social media, mobile applications, and
others). The content of all activities of the Fund, including the media selected and employed, as well
as the area and restaurants targeted for such activities, will be determined by us. We are not obligated
to make expenditures for you that are equivalent or proportionate to your contributions to the Fund,
or to ensure that you benefit directly or on a pro rata basis from the Fund’s activities. At our
discretion, the scope of individual advertising programs may be local, regional, or national.
All franchisees are required to contribute to the Fund, however, franchisees that operate their
Restaurants from SDO locations, franchisees that operate in certain markets, and franchisees that
qualify for certain incentives may contribute to the Fund at reduced rates. We and our affiliates
contribute to Fund on at least the same basis as franchisees for any Dunkin’ Restaurants that we or
they own. Contributions to the Fund not spent in the fiscal year in which they accrue are first used to
offset any deficit carried over from the prior year, and then any additional amounts are carried forward
to the next year. Upon your request, we will provide you with an audited statement of receipts and
disbursements for the Fund that is audited by an independent, certified public accountant, for each
fiscal year of the Fund.
During our 2025 fiscal year, the Fund spent 11.5% on marketing materials production, 35.5% on
media placement, 2.6% on point of purchase materials, 4.7% on promotions, 17.8% on administrative
costs, and 27.9% on other costs and expenses, including market research, sponsorships, readiness kits
to prepare you and your staff for marketing programs, public relations, sports marketing, agency and
professional fees and other costs and expenses.
Currently there are no advertising cooperatives. Except as described above, none of the advertising
fees collected from franchisees are used to pay to advertise or promote the sale of our franchises.
Restaurants owned by our affiliates (if any) contribute to the Fund on the same basis as other
franchisees.
Dunkin’ Brand Advisory Council
All franchisees in the System are members of a local District Advisory Council (“DAC”). These
franchisees elect a DAC co-chair and other elected regional members within the geographic area
assigned, who represent them on a Regional Advisory Council (“RAC”). They also elect regional
members within the geographic area to serve on a Regional Marketing Committee (“RMC”). Each
RAC then elects RAC co-chairs and other RAC members, who represent the region on the BAC.
Similarly, each RMC then elects RMC co-chairs and other RMC members who represent the region
on the MSC. The BAC advises us on ways to build, protect, and lead the Brand with guest
satisfaction, franchisee profitability, and the long-term viability of the Brands. We may appoint
additional members to the BAC, and we reserve the right to change one or more of the councils, to
form new councils, or to dissolve one or more councils. All the councils serve in an advisory capacity
only and do not have operational or decision-making power. All elected members must adhere to
certain standards of eligibility as outlined in the BAC’s bylaws. The Marketing Steering Committee
(“MSC”) is a sub-committee of the BAC and advises the brand on advertising, media, calendar
63
Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

