the Premises from you (or your affiliate) upon expiration or termination of the Franchise Agreement
or any lease relating to the Restaurant or Premises. The lease will be for the then-remaining term of
the Franchise Agreement, including any extension or renewal, at triple-net fair market value rent for
comparable Dunkin’ Restaurant locations with arms-length leases. If the parties cannot agree on the
fair market value, they will consult a mutually-acceptable real estate professional. If you purchase or
lease the Premises from one of our affiliates, we or our affiliates will derive revenue from the purchase
or lease.
Except as otherwise stated in this Item, there are no items for which we or any of our affiliates are
approved or designated suppliers or the only approved or designated suppliers.
Insurance
Before opening or operating the Restaurant for business, and before beginning construction of the
Restaurant if you are developing the Restaurant, you must acquire insurance coverage of the type and
in the amounts required by law, by any lease or sublease, and by us, as prescribed in our Standards
and described in Item 7 above. You must maintain such coverage in full force and effect throughout
the term of the Franchise Agreement. We have the right to change these insurance requirements from
time to time. All insurance must be placed and maintained with insurance companies with ratings
that meet or exceed our Standards. At our request, you must provide us with proof of required
insurance coverages.
We and any affiliate we designate (including Inspire Brands, Inc.) must be named as additional
insureds as our respective interests appear, and all policies must contain provisions denying to the
insurer acquisition of rights of recovery against any named insured by subrogation. All policies shall
include a provision prohibiting cancellations or material changes without 30 days’ prior written notice
to all named insureds. Policies may not be limited in any way by reason of any insurance that we (or
any named party) may maintain. Upon our request, you must produce proof that you currently have
the insurance coverage required under the Franchise Agreement. If such insurance coverage is not in
effect, then in addition to our other remedies, we have the right to purchase the necessary coverage
for the Restaurant at your expense and to bill you for any premiums and costs. This obligation to
maintain insurance is separate and distinct from your obligation to indemnify us.
Loyalty and Hospitality Programs
You must participate in any loyalty program that we require, including the Loyalty Program. You
must comply will all requirements of the Loyalty Program as we may periodically modify them.
These requirements include supporting and participating in the Loyalty Program, maintaining
sufficient funds in your account to enable the successful transfer of funds on a weekly basis, following
required procedures for settlement of funds, and other matters we periodically determine. Other than
the Loyalty Program, you must not, internally or through a third party, participate in any other mobile
or online ordering, purchasing or payment program or other proprietary, closed network, online stored
value card program at or through a Dunkin’ or Baskin-Robbins Restaurant. You may participate in
Hospitality Programs. “Hospitality Programs” are card programs that (1) the Restaurant is required
to participate in based on the host of the Premises (where the host is an entity within whose broader
rules of operation the Restaurant must operate, such as a school, university, or military post or base
exchange); and (2) do not use the Proprietary Marks.

55
Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

