7.B
Compliance with Laws. You agree to comply at all times with all laws, ordinances, rules, regulations
and orders of public authorities pertaining to the occupancy, operation and maintenance of the Restaurant and
Premises. You represent and warrant to us that none of your (or your Owners’) property or interests is subject
to being blocked under, and you and your Owners otherwise are not in violation of, Executive Order 13224
issued by the President of the United States, the USA PATRIOT Act, or any other federal, state, or local law,
ordinance, regulation, policy, list or other requirement of any governmental authority addressing or in any way
relating to terrorist acts or acts of war.
7.C
Inspections. You agree that our employees, representatives and agents have the right to enter the
Restaurant and Premises, without notice during business hours, to determine your compliance with Standards
and this Agreement. During the course of any such inspection, we may (among other things) photograph or
video any part of the Restaurant; discuss Restaurant-related operations with the Restaurant’s personnel,
customers and prospective customers; and select ingredients, products, supplies, equipment and other items
from the Restaurant to evaluate whether they comply with our Standards. We agree to establish (and may
periodically modify) Standards requiring our employees, representatives and agents, as well as vendors and
other third parties with whom we contract, to present reasonable identification upon your or your Restaurant
manager’s request before entering into restricted areas of the Restaurant which customers cannot typically
access. We may require you to immediately remove non-conforming items from the Restaurant at your
expense, and we may remove them at your expense if you do not remove them upon request.
7.D
Determination of Prices. Except as we may be permitted by law to require a particular price, you are
free to determine the prices you charge for the products you sell.
7.E
Standards and Conditions of Employment. We and you agree that any materials, guidance or
assistance that we provide with respect to the terms and conditions of employment for your employees,
employee hiring, firing and discipline, and similar employment-related policies or procedures, whether in the
Manuals or otherwise, are solely for your optional use. Those materials, guidance and assistance do not form
part of the mandatory Standards. You will determine to what extent, if any, these materials, guidance or
assistance should apply to the Restaurant’s employees. You acknowledge that we do not dictate or control
labor or employment matters for franchisees and their employees and will not be responsible for the safety and
security of Restaurant employees or patrons. You are solely responsible for determining the terms and
conditions of employment for all Restaurant employees, for all decisions concerning the hiring, firing and
discipline of Restaurant employees, and for all other aspects of the Restaurant’s labor relations and
employment practices.
7.F
Designated and Approved Suppliers. During the Term you must purchase or lease all Operating
Assets, the retail information system and related equipment and programs, inventory, supplies, materials, and
other products and services for the Restaurant only according to the Standards and, if we require, only from
suppliers and/or distributors that we designate or approve from time to time (which may include or be limited
to us or our affiliates). Currently you must acquire products for your Restaurant through the National DCP,
LLC, the purchasing and distribution entity for the Dunkin’ Restaurant network. From time to time, we may
enter into or require national or regional exclusive supply arrangements with one or more independent suppliers
for certain approved products, subject to any then existing arrangements with National DCP, LLC. In
evaluating the need for an exclusive supplier, we may take into account, among other things, the uniqueness
of the product; the projected price and required volume of the product; the investment required and the ability
of the supplier to meet the required quality and quantity of the product; the availability of qualified, alternative
suppliers; the duration of the exclusivity; and the desirability of competitive bidding.
7.G
Customer Complaints, Hazardous Conditions and Violations. You must promptly submit to us copies
of any customer complaints relating to the Restaurant or Premises. You also must promptly submit to us any
communications from public authorities about actual or potential violations of laws or regulations relating to
7
2026 Dunkin’ FDD
Exhibit C-1 - Dunkin’ Franchise Agreement
1625632961.4

