DMA Name
West Palm Beach/
Ft. Pierce, FL
Wheeling WVSteubenville, OH
Wilkes Barre/
Scranton, PA
Wilmington, NC
Youngstown, OH
Yuma AZ-El
Centro, CA
Zanesville, OH

County Name
Indian River, Martin, Okeechobee, Palm Beach, St. Lucie
Belmont, Harrison, Jefferson, Monroe, Noble, Brooke, Hancock, Marshall, Ohio,
Tyler, Wetzel
Bradford, Carbon, Clinton, Columbia, Lackawanna, Luzerne, Lycoming, Monroe,
Montour, Northumberland, Schuylkill, Snyder, Sullivan, Susquehanna, Union,
Wayne, Wyoming
Bladen, Brunswick, Columbus, New Hanover, Pender
Columbiana, Mahoning, Mercer (PA), Trumbull
Yuma, Imperial
Muskingum

Training Fees
You must pay us our then-current initial access fee to the Center, which is currently $340 (the “The
Center Initial Access Fee”). The Center Initial Access Fee is due and payable when you sign the
Franchise Agreement.
The “Initial Training Fee” is $4,000 per person to attend the Dunkin’ Training Program (defined
below). The Initial Training Fee for the first 2 people to attend the Dunkin’ Training Program is
included in the IFF if the Dunkin’ Restaurant is one of the first 5 Dunkin’ Restaurants you or your
affiliate operate, as described in Item 11. You must pay the Initial Training Fee for additional
individuals to attend the Dunkin’ Training Program. The Initial Training Fee is due and payable when
you request to register for the Dunkin’ Training Program. If you cancel your or others attendance at
the Dunkin’ Training Program, you must pay us our then-current cancellation fee. Our current
cancellation fee is $1,000 per person if you cancel 8-14 days before the scheduled class, and $2,000
per person if you cancel 7 days or fewer before the scheduled class. We may waive the Initial Training
Fee if you operate existing Dunkin’ Restaurants and you are in compliance with all of your other
Dunkin’ Franchise Agreements.
Marketing Start-Up Fee
In connection with the opening, re-opening, or remodel of your Restaurant, you must undertake
promotional activities in the manner and to the extent that we prescribe in accordance with our
Standards, which we will provide to you. If your Restaurant will be a Dunkin’ Restaurant, a Combo
Restaurant, or a Gas & Convenience Restaurant, you must spend at least $10,000 (the “Standard
Marketing Start-Up Fee”). If your Restaurant will operate from an SDO location, you must spend at
least $5,000 (the “SDO Marketing Start-Up Fee”). If you fail to administer the promotional programs,
we may require you to pay the Standard Marketing Start-Up Fee or SDO Marketing Start-Up Fee to
us or our approved vendors to conduct these activities on your behalf.
Reimbursement of Expenses
If you or your architect are not prepared for a scheduled meeting when required, you must reimburse
us for certain out-of-pocket costs.

32
Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

