Brands, Inc.) as additional insureds under the required insurance policies. Initial premiums
for commercial general liability are subject to change due to market forces beyond either of
our control. The cost of other coverages, including required workers’ compensation coverage
and your discretionary purchases, varies widely. Your premium may be higher based upon
your risk profile. You should discuss with your insurance carrier/agent whether or not these
costs need to be paid in full before opening or whether they can be budgeted. Some insurance
carriers will offer an installment option, requiring a 20% - 25% down payment, before
opening. Failure to maintain such insurance may result in loss of your franchise and additional
financial obligations.
(10)

Training Related Expenses. The Initial Training Fee for the first 2 to 4 people to attend the
Dunkin’ Training Program are included in the IFF as described in Item 11. However, you
must pay for uniforms, accommodations, wages, and travel expenses, if any, for you and your
employees. You will need to have an electronic device and Wi-Fi as necessary to access
training. If you attend the initial training program in a location other than one of our training
facilities, then you may be charged certain additional costs such as travel and related expenses
for the trainers, the costs for the meeting room and such other costs as may reasonably be
incurred. The above estimated ranges of costs are for 2 individuals attend the Dunkin’ initial
training program for 4 to 8 weeks (depending on production platform and the opportunity to
support a new restaurant opening), including transportation, board, lodging, sanitation exam
and uniforms. If a third or fourth person is required to attend the training (based on the size
of your Development Area or network of Dunkin’ Restaurants), the costs will increase
proportionately. There may also be additional training time needed to achieve required
competency levels. The amount of time required is a function of the individual’s ability to
personally demonstrate the competencies. This may increase your cost for travel, hotels and
meals for you and/or your designated representative. If the initial training program needs to
be taken again due to class failure, removal, or withdrawal, you will be responsible for the
class cost for the replacement learner(s). If you live close to the training facility, your costs
may be on the lower end of the range. Any wages or salaries that you may pay your employees
while they attend training are not included in these estimates. You must also maintain
worker’s compensation insurance coverage for your employees while they are in training. Our
current cancellation fees are described in Item 5.

(11)

Additional Funds for First 3 Months of Operation. You may or may not need working capital
to support ongoing expenses that are not covered by sales revenue. New businesses may
generate negative cash flow. These figures are estimates and we cannot guarantee that you
will not have additional expenses in the first 3 months of operation. Your costs will depend
on factors such as how well you follow our methods and procedures, the sales volume of your
restaurant, your management skill, experience, and business acumen, local economic
conditions, the local market for our product, the prevailing wage rate, competition, your rent
structure, and your restaurant site type.

(12)

Other Costs and Variables. Your initial investment for a new Restaurant depends primarily
upon: (1) the number of Restaurants you acquire and/or develop; (2) their size; (3) their
configuration; (4) their location; (5) who develops the real estate for and/or constructs them;
and (6) the amount and terms of financing. The initial funds required must be estimated since
most costs are not within our control and may change at frequent intervals. These figures are
estimates only and we cannot and do not guarantee that your costs will fall within the stated
ranges. These estimated ranges are based on our experience and information provided by
51

Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

