DA #_______
F.
Transfer on Death. Within twelve (12) months after the death of you or any of your Owners
and notwithstanding any agreement to the contrary, the deceased’s legal representative must propose to us in
writing to transfer the interest of the deceased in this Agreement to one or more transferees. Any such
transfer must occur within eighteen (18) months after such individual’s death, and is subject to our prior
written consent, which we will not unreasonably withhold, in accordance with this Section 8.
G.
Right of First Refusal. If you or any of your Owners at any time determine to engage in any
Control Transfer, then we will have a right of first refusal to be the purchaser of that interest under the same
terms and conditions contained in the purchase and sale document (but subject to our rights under this
Agreement and our standards). You must comply with our standards and requirements pertaining to our right
of first refusal, including by providing us with a fully-executed copy of any offer or purchase and sale
document (including any referenced documents) for the sale. We will have sixty (60) days following our
receipt of the fully-executed purchase and sale documents (including any referenced documents) and other
materials concerning the proposed transferee(s) and the transfer that we request, to notify you whether we are
exercising our right of first refusal. Upon our exercise, we (or our assignee) will have the benefit of all of the
rights and time periods that the original proposed transferee(s) had as of the date that they signed the
purchase and sale documents, including any applicable diligence periods and periods before closing. We
may at our option assign our right of first refusal under this Section 8.G, without recourse, to any assignee,
who will then have all of our rights under this Section 8.G to purchase the interest directly from you (or your
Owner), and we shall have no further liability or obligation in connection with this Section 8.G with respect
to that transfer. If you do not complete the sale to the proposed buyer (with our approval) within ninety (90)
days after we notify you that we do not intend to exercise our right of first refusal, or if there is a material
change adverse to you in the terms of the offer (which you must tell us promptly), then we will have an
additional right of first refusal during the sixty (60)-day period following either the expiration of the ninety
(90)-day period or our receipt of notice of the material change in the offer’s terms, on the modified terms.
9.

Dispute Resolution.

A.
Governing Law. This Agreement, the franchise, and all claims arising from the relationship
between us and you shall be governed by the laws of the State of Georgia, without regard to its conflict of
laws rules; provided, however that any Georgia law regulating the sale of franchises or governing the
relationship of a franchisor and its franchisee will not apply unless its jurisdictional requirements are met
independently without reference to this Section 9.A.
B.
Choice of Forum. The parties agree that to the extent any disputes arise that cannot be
resolved directly between the parties, you shall file any suit against us or our affiliates, and we shall file any
suit against you or your owners, only in the federal or state court of general jurisdiction in Atlanta, Georgia.
Each party irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of those courts and waives any objection such party may
have to either the jurisdiction of or venue in those courts.
C.
Waiver of Punitive Damages and Jury Trial. EXCEPT FOR PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY,
TREBLE AND OTHER FORMS OF MULTIPLE DAMAGES AVAILABLE TO ANY PARTY UNDER
FEDERAL LAW, WE AND YOU (AND YOUR OWNERS) WAIVE TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
PERMITTED BY LAW ANY RIGHT TO OR CLAIM FOR ANY PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, TREBLE
OR OTHER FORMS OF MULTIPLE DAMAGES AGAINST THE OTHER AND AGREE THAT, IN THE
EVENT OF A DISPUTE BETWEEN US AND YOU (OR YOUR OWNERS), THE PARTY MAKING A
CLAIM WILL BE LIMITED TO EQUITABLE RELIEF AND TO RECOVERY OF ANY ACTUAL
DAMAGES IT SUSTAINS.

9
2026 Dunkin FDD
Exhibit D - Dunkin’ Development Agreement
1625632962.2

