You must use only the Proprietary Marks we periodically designate and in the manner that we
periodically approve. You may not use the Proprietary Marks to advertise or sell products or services
through the mail or by any electronic or other medium, including the Internet, without our prior
written approval. Our right to approve any Internet usage of our Proprietary Marks includes approval
of the domain names and Internet addresses, website materials and content, social media, and all links
to other sites. We have the sole right to establish an Internet “home page” or other website using any
of the Proprietary Marks, and to regulate the establishment and use of linked home pages by our
franchisees. You agree not to use the Proprietary Marks or the names “Dunkin’ Donuts”, “Dunkin’”,
“DD”, “Dunk” or anything confusingly similar as part of your corporate or other legal name, or as
part of any e-mail address, domain name, social media accounts, or other identification of you or your
business, in any medium. In all approved uses of the Proprietary Marks on your business forms such
as your letterhead, invoices, order forms, receipts, and contracts, you must identify yourself as our
franchisee and your business as independently owned and operated in the manner that we periodically
specify. You must modify or discontinue using any Proprietary Mark and/or use one or more
additional or substitute trademarks or service marks as we periodically specify, and we are not
required to reimburse you for your costs.
You must notify us promptly if you become aware of any actual or apparent infringement or litigation
relating to the Proprietary Marks. We or IP Affiliate may take the action that we or it deems
appropriate (including no action) and control exclusively any litigation or other proceeding arising
from any infringement, challenge or claim or otherwise concerning any Proprietary Mark. You agree
to reasonably cooperate with us (at our expense) with respect to actions that, in the opinion of our or
IP Affiliate’s attorneys, are necessary or advisable to protect and maintain our and our licensor’s
interests in any litigation or other proceeding or otherwise to protect and maintain our and IP
Affiliate’s interests in the Proprietary Marks. At our option, we or IP Affiliate may defend and control
the defense of any claims disputing your use of, or challenging the validity of, or our or IP Affiliate’s
rights in, any Proprietary Mark.
We agree to defend, indemnify and hold you and your successors and assigns harmless from,
including by reimbursing any reasonable attorneys’ fees and other costs and expenses you incur in
connection with, any claims disputing your use of, or challenging the validity of or our (or IP
Affiliate’s) rights in, any Proprietary Mark we license you under the Franchise Agreement, as long as
the claim does not arise from your use of any Proprietary Mark in breach of the Franchise Agreement,
the Manual or the Standards.
If we permit you to operate the Dunkin’ Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you may use the Other
Franchisor’s trademarks licensed to you under the Other Franchise Agreement in connection with the
operation of the Other Restaurant at the Multi-Brand Location.
ITEM 14:
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION
Patents and Copyrights
No patents or patent applications are material to the franchise. We claim copyrights in the Manuals,
magazines, posters, toys, pamphlets, brochures, television advertisements, and all other printed and
pictorial materials that we produce (whether or not those are registered with the U.S. Copyright
Office), and we will make these available to you for your use under the terms of the Franchise
Agreement. We have not registered these copyrights with the United States Copyright Office but
79
Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

