labor or employment matters for franchisees and their employees and will not be responsible for the safety
and security of Restaurant employees or patrons. You are solely responsible for determining the terms and
conditions of employment for all Restaurant employees, for all decisions concerning the hiring, firing and
discipline of Restaurant employees, and for all other aspects of the Restaurant’s labor relations and
employment practices.
7.F
Designated and Approved Suppliers. During the Term you must purchase or lease all Operating
Assets, the retail information system and related equipment and programs, inventory, supplies, materials, and
other products and services for the Restaurant only according to the Standards and, if we require, only from
suppliers and/or distributors that we designate or approve from time to time (which may include or be limited
to us or our affiliates). Currently you must acquire products for your Restaurant through the National DCP,
LLC, the purchasing and distribution entity for the Combo Restaurant network. From time to time, we may
enter into or require national or regional exclusive supply arrangements with one or more independent
suppliers for certain approved products, subject to any then existing arrangements with National DCP, LLC.
In evaluating the need for an exclusive supplier, we may take into account, among other things, the
uniqueness of the product; the projected price and required volume of the product; the investment required
and the ability of the supplier to meet the required quality and quantity of the product; the availability of
qualified, alternative suppliers; the duration of the exclusivity; and the desirability of competitive bidding.
7.G
Customer Complaints, Hazardous Conditions and Violations. You must promptly submit to us
copies of any customer complaints relating to the Restaurant or Premises. You also must promptly submit to
us any communications from public authorities about actual or potential violations of laws or regulations
relating to the operation or occupancy of the Restaurant or Premises and otherwise notify us immediately if
there exists any event or condition at the Restaurant or Premises that poses a threat to the health or safety of
your customers. We may specify from time to time the manner of submission of this information to us.

SECTION 8. REPAIRS, MAINTENANCE, REFURBISHMENT AND REMODEL
8.A
Repairs and Maintenance. You agree to continuously maintain the Restaurant and Premises,
including all Operating Assets, in the degree of cleanliness, orderliness, sanitation and repair as prescribed by
our Standards. You agree to make needed repairs (and replacements) to the Restaurant and Premises,
including all Operating Assets, on an ongoing basis to ensure that your use and occupancy of the Restaurant
and Premises conform to our Standards at all times. You are responsible for the costs associated with
maintenance, repairs and replacements, alterations and additions. You may not defer your ongoing
obligation to maintain, repair and replace because of a forthcoming refurbishment or remodel.
8.B
Refurbishment and Remodel. No later than the Refurbishment Dates described in the Contract Data
Schedule, you must refurbish the Restaurant in accordance with our then-current refurbishment Standards as
generally described below. No later than the Remodel Dates described in the Contract Data Schedule, you
must remodel the Restaurant in accordance with our then-current remodel Standards as generally described
below, including those relating to Operating Assets. You are responsible for the costs of refurbishments and
remodels. Our refurbishment Standards generally include enhancements, improvements or upgrades to
exterior lighting and signage, pre-order board or other drive-thru equipment and signage, landscape design,
new style wall covering and countertops, current seating and guest experience packages and/or production
equipment or technology. Our remodel Standards generally include enhancements, improvements or
upgrades to the site, building, equipment, technology and operational systems as necessary to bring the
Restaurant up to the then-current Dunkin’ and Baskin-Robbins brands’ image and Standards.

8
2026 Dunkin’ FDD
Exhibit C-2 - Combo Franchise Agreement
1625632960.2

