Type of fee

Amount

Due date

Enforcement
Expenses

Varies

Upon demand

Reimbursement of
costs incurred to test
samples from
additional supplier(s)

Varies, typically between
$1,000 to $10,000

Upon request

Lease Costs

Varies

Payable as described in
the lease.

Remarks
You must pay us all costs and
expenses we incur in
successfully enforcing any
provisions of the Franchise
Agreement and Development
Agreement.
You must pay us all costs and
expenses we incur to test
samples from suppliers you
request to that is not yet
approved by us.
(Note 8)

Notes:
(1)

General Terms. Unless otherwise stated, all fees are imposed by, paid to, and collected by
us and are non-refundable. Except as specified below, all fees are uniformly applied to
franchisees, however, we may waive or reduce some or all these fees for a particular
franchisee in instances where we, in our sole discretion, decide it is appropriate to do so.
“Gross Sales” means all revenue related to the sale of approved products and provision of
services (including but not limited to direct delivery, catering and/or delivery services
through third parties) through the operation of the Restaurant, but does not include money
received for the sale of stored value cards and deposited into a central account maintained
for the benefit of the System; taxes collected from guests on behalf of a governmental body;
or the sale of approved products to another entity franchised or licensed by us for subsequent
resale.
You agree to participate in our program or procedure that we periodically specify for Gross
Sales reporting and payment of fees that are due, whether it is electronic fund transfer or
some successor program, in accordance with our Standards. You agree to assume the costs
associated with maintaining your capability to report Gross Sales and transfer funds to us.
In no event will you be required to pay any sums before the date they are due, as described
above.
If any tax or other fee (other than federal or state income tax based on our income) is
imposed on us by any governmental agency due to our receipt of fees or other amounts that
you pay to us under this Agreement, then you agree to pay us the amount of such tax or
other fee as an additional Continuing Franchise Fee.

(2)

Continuing Franchise Fee. The standard CFF for new Restaurants is 5.9% of Gross Sales.
Our incentive programs are described below:
Standard Incentive. If you qualify for the Standard incentive program, then for each
traditional Dunkin’ Restaurant in the Standard Markets that you or your affiliates develop
and open under the Standard incentive program in compliance with the terms of the
38

Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

