to you, provided that certain changes are subject to BAC approval, such as lowering
redemption point amounts, adding new redemption categories, or adding or removing
membership tiers.
We will use the LCPs deposited into the Loyalty Fund to advance the Loyalty Program only
and not for general or administrative expenses, such as our headcount. We or our affiliate
will provide a loan to the Loyalty Fund, which we anticipate to be approximately $3 million,
to cover the expected initial shortfall of LCPs, which we plan to repay from available
Loyalty Fund assets over time (without interest). The Loyalty Fund will be kept in a
segregated interest-bearing bank account. Any excess amounts in the Loyalty Fund at the
end of any calendar year will be rolled forward into the next calendar year. An independent,
third-party accountant will audit the Loyalty Fund annually.
(5)

Relocation Fee. If you are signing a Franchise Agreement to relocate the premises of your
Restaurant, you must sign our then-current form of Franchise Agreement and pay us a
relocation fee at the time you sign the Franchise Agreement. The relocation fee will be the
IFF for the DMA where the relocation Premises are located, less an amount corresponding
to the amount of term under the original franchise agreement. For example, if the franchise
agreement for the original premises has 3 years left on the term, then you would sign a
franchise agreement for the relocated Premises with a 20-year term and the IFF would be
reduced such that you would only pay for 17 years.

(6)

Franchise Transfer Fee. The term “transfer,” whether or not capitalized, includes any
voluntary, involuntary, direct or indirect assignment, sale, gift or other disposition and
includes the following events, whether they impact you (or your Owners) directly or
indirectly: (a) transfer of record or beneficial ownership of any direct or indirect ownership
interest in you or the right to receive all or a portion of your profits or losses or any capital
appreciation relating to you or the Restaurant (whether directly or indirectly); (b) a merger,
consolidation or exchange of ownership interests, or issuance of additional ownership
interests or securities representing or potentially representing ownership interests, or a
redemption of ownership interests; (c) any sale or exchange of voting interests or securities
convertible to voting interests, or any management agreement or other arrangement granting
the right to exercise or control the exercise of the voting rights of any Owner or to control
your or the Restaurant’s operations or affairs; (d) transfer in a divorce, insolvency or entity
dissolution proceeding, or otherwise by operation of law, or by will, declaration of or
transfer in trust, or under the laws of intestate succession; or (e) foreclosure upon or
attachment or seizure of the Restaurant, any of its Operating Assets, or any direct or indirect
ownership interest in you; or (f) transfer, surrender or loss of the possession, control or
management of all or any material portion of the Restaurant (or its operation) or you.
A “Controlling Ownership Interest” in you (if you are an entity) means any transfer, or any
series of transfers (regardless of the time period during which they take place), that results
in any individual or entity (together with its affiliates), directly or indirectly acquiring or
coming into possession or control of either (1) 50% or more of the direct or indirect
ownership interests in you, or (2) any ownership interest or other direct or indirect right or
interest in you that provides the right, power or authority to direct and control your
management and policies, in either case, who did not own, possess or control such interest
as of the Effective Date. A “Non-Controlling Ownership Interest” in you (if you are an
42

Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

