(estimating 600–2,800 square feet) to develop a Dunkin’ Restaurant at a Shopping
Center/Storefront building, and approximately $56–$340 per square foot (estimating 600–
2,300 square feet) to develop a Gas & Convenience Restaurant. Building costs vary by
geographic location. Site development costs include the costs to develop the land and other
site improvements such as exterior landscaping, electrical and water hookup, paving,
sidewalks, lighting, and more. The Site development costs estimate also includes the optional
Site Design Fee and Kitchen Layout Design Fee for a PKL or PSL that are payable to our
affiliates, if you request that we provide those services. Our affiliates only provide PSL
services for Restaurants with a drive-thru window. Some local governments may charge an
additional amount for utility connections to offset their costs for maintaining water and sewer
plants, and these amounts are not included in the above figure. Costs may be higher if soil
problems or other environmental issues are encountered. These ranges do not include unusual
costs to bring utilities to the property for hookup or government imposed impact fees.
Buildings that have a drive-thru window tend to cost more to build and take longer to build
than Restaurants without a drive-thru window due to permitting, design and other factors.
The low end of the range above is the estimated cost for you to negotiate a build-to-suit lease
in which the landlord incurs most development costs, and you make a lease deposit. These
estimates are based on our experience and information provided by franchisees.
Rent may be based on development costs and reflect a rate of return on the landlord’s initial
investment, as well as other factors. Commercial leases are typically net-net-net leases,
requiring you to pay rent, all taxes, insurance, maintenance, repairs, common area
maintenance costs, merchants’ association fees and all other costs associated with the
property. Rent may exceed the landlord’s cost of leasing or financing the purchase of the
location. You may also have to pay percentage rent. When we lease or sublease to you, your
rent will also likely exceed our cost of leasing or financing the location. You may also have
to make an initial payment into an escrow fund to cover estimated real estate taxes. We cannot
predict the cost if you choose to buy the land on which the Restaurant will be developed.
(2)

Additional Development Costs. Additional development costs may include, among others,
architectural, engineering, and legal fees. These estimates do not include additional
extraordinary costs including, among others, extensive redesign, permitting, variances,
environmental issues, and/or legal obstacles.

(3)

Equipment, Fixtures and Signs. This amount includes estimated costs of furnishings,
installations, equipment, trade fixtures, small-wares and certain other items on the Premises,
the amount, and specific items of which will vary depending upon the location, size and
condition of a particular Restaurant. Cost range includes tax and delivery estimated at 10%.

(4)

Restaurant Technology System. The price ranges reflect equipment configurations and
solution costs, site preparation and installation for 2 to 4 POS Systems. The price ranges do
not include any optional equipment. The number of POS Systems needed for your Restaurant
will depend on the size and configuration of the Restaurant and whether you have a drive-thru
window. The cost for drive-thru equipment is included in the above. If your Restaurant does
not have a drive-thru, your costs will be less. The price ranges also reflect the configurations
and solution costs, site preparation and installation for the Restaurant Technology System
components that are required (not including the POS System). Please note that in addition to
49

Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

