Standard Incentive: If you qualify for the Standard incentive program, then the CAF will be
as follows:
Duration of Effective CAF
Opening through Year 1
Year 2

Effective CAF
2%
3%

Year 3

4%

Year 4 through remainder of the term

5%

Strategic Incentive: If you qualify for the Strategic incentive program, then the CAF will
be as follows:
Duration of Effective CAF
Opening through Year 5
Year 6 to Year 8
Year 9 through remainder of the term

Effective CAF
2.4%
3.4%
5.0%

We describe the conditions to qualify for the Standard and Strategic incentive programs
in Item 5.
(4)

Loyalty Program Contribution Payment. Your Dunkin’ Restaurant must participate in our
and our affiliates’ consumer loyalty program (the “Loyalty Program”). You must enter into
the Loyalty Program Participation Agreement attached to this FDD as Exhibit J when you
sign the Franchise Agreement. Under the Loyalty Program Participation Agreement, you
must contribute the Loyalty Program Contribution Payment (“LCP”) to the Loyalty Program
fund (the “Loyalty Fund”). The LCP contribution percentage (the “LCP Rate”) will vary
based on when the Loyalty Program Sales accrue:
Year/Period Loyalty Program Sales Accrue
(based on our fiscal years)
2025 through 2026
2027 and beyond

LCP Rate
Maximum
1.4% of Loyalty Program Sales
1.2% of Loyalty Program Sales

“Loyalty Program Sales” means Gross Sales to Loyalty Program members for in-store sales
of eligible products at the Restaurant. We and our affiliates will periodically determine
product eligibility based on our and our affiliates arrangement with the Dunkin’ Brand
Advisory Council (“BAC”).
When a Loyalty Program member redeems rewards at the Restaurant, you will receive a
reimbursement from the Loyalty Fund equal to the National Average Product Cost
(including packaging and paper) (the “NAPC”) for the redeemed item. We will reimburse
you by ACH transfer on a weekly basis for reward redemptions at the Restaurant based on
the NAPC for each item. You must pay any taxes due on the reimbursements made to you
under the Loyalty Program. We, our affiliates and the BAC will periodically determine the
NAPC for each product. We or our affiliate will develop new reports to allow you to track
your Loyalty Program Sales, redemptions and reimbursement payments.
We and our affiliates will administer the Loyalty Fund and have the right to establish,
implement and change any Loyalty Program terms and conditions upon reasonable notice
41
Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

