DA #________
then-current minimum requirements designed to protect us, our affiliates, and our System. If you will lease
the Restaurant’s premises, the landlord must agree to our then-current form of Option to Assume the lease.
You (or your Controlled Affiliate) must secure the real estate for each Restaurant, through an approved
purchase agreement or binding lease, in time for you (or your Controlled Affiliate) to open and begin
operating the Restaurant on or before the Required Opening Date for that Restaurant.
C.
After receiving our notice to proceed, but in any event before beginning construction for the
Restaurant, and provided that you (and your Controlled Affiliate) satisfy our then current Criteria to Expand,
then you (or your Controlled Affiliate) must sign our then-current version of Franchise Agreement and
related documents (as periodically modified, the “Franchise Agreement”) for the Restaurant. You
acknowledge that the terms of the Franchise Agreements for Restaurants may differ substantially from the
terms contained in our current form of franchise agreement, except that, for each Franchise Agreement
signed in compliance with this Agreement (but subject to Section 2), the IFF, continuing franchise fee,
continuing advertising fee and marketing start-up fee shall be as set forth on Exhibit B. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if you fail to meet the Development Schedule or are otherwise in default under this Agreement,
and we (at our sole option) allow the development of any Restaurant to continue despite that default, then the
continuing franchise fee, continuing advertising fee and marketing start-up fee under that Franchise
Agreement shall be our then-current fees instead of the fees set forth on Exhibit B.
5.

PROPRIETARY MARKS AND RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS.

A.
No License to Proprietary Marks. This Agreement does not grant you any right to use, or
authorize others to use, the Proprietary Marks in any manner. Your (or your Controlled Affiliate’s) right to
use the Proprietary Marks arises only under franchise agreements with us. “Proprietary Marks” means the
trademarks, service marks, logos, emblems, trade dress, trade names and other indicia of origin that form part
of the System, all of which we may periodically develop and modify.
B.
No License to Confidential Information. This Agreement does not grant you any right to
use, or authorize others to use, the Confidential Information in any manner. Your (or your Controlled
Affiliate’s) right to use the Confidential Information arises only under franchise agreements with us. If you
nevertheless acquire any Confidential Information, you agree that you: (1) will not use any Confidential
Information in any other business or capacity, whether during or after the Term, and will not sell, trade or
otherwise profit in any way from the Confidential Information; and (2) will keep the Confidential
Information absolutely confidential, both during the Term and thereafter for as long as the information is not
in the public domain, and will not make unauthorized copies of any Confidential Information disclosed in
written or other tangible or intangible form. “Confidential Information” means information relating to us or
the System that is proprietary, provides a competitive advantage to Combo Restaurants, and is not generally
available to the public, including development plans for Combo Restaurants; certain proprietary information
in the operations manuals and system standards, including recipes, products and specifications; data relating
to past advertising, marketing, promotional, customer relationship management and other brand-related
programs and materials used by Combo Restaurants and future plans for those programs; knowledge of
specifications for and suppliers of certain proprietary operating assets and other products and services that
Combo Restaurants use or sell; and other trade secrets and proprietary know-how relating to the methods of
developing, operating and marketing Combo Restaurants.
C.
Restrictive Covenants. During the Term, neither you nor any of your Owners, officers,
directors or guarantors may:
(1)
have a direct or indirect ownership interest in, perform any services or other
activities for, provide any assistance to, sell any products to, or receive any financial or other benefit
from any business or venture that derives, or is reasonably expected to derive, more than twenty
4
2026 Dunkin’ FDD
Exhibit D-2 - Combo Development Agreement
1625632964.2

