named insureds. Policies may not be limited in any way by reason of any insurance that we (or any
named party) may maintain. Upon our request, you must produce proof that you currently have the
insurance coverage described in this Agreement. If such insurance coverage is not in effect, then in
addition to our other remedies, we have the right to purchase the necessary coverage for the
Restaurant at your expense and to bill you for any premiums and costs. This obligation to maintain
insurance is separate and distinct from your obligation to indemnify us under the provisions below.
(2)
Both you and we waive any and all rights of recovery against each other and our
respective officers, employees, agents, and representatives, for damage to the waiving party or for
loss of its property or the property of others under its control, to the extent that the loss or damage is
covered by insurance. To obtain the benefit of our waiver, you must have the required insurance
coverage in effect. When you are obtaining the policies of insurance required by this subsection, you
must give notice to your insurance carriers that the above mutual waiver of subrogation is contained
in this Agreement. This obligation to maintain insurance is separate and distinct from your
obligation to indemnify us under the provisions of Section 12.B.
12.B Indemnification. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold us, our affiliates, and our and their
respective owners, officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and assigns (collectively, the
“Indemnified Parties”), harmless from all claims related in any way to your development, operation,
possession or ownership of the Restaurant or the Premises, or any debt or obligation of yours. This
indemnification covers all fees (including reasonable attorneys’ fees), costs and other expenses incurred by
us or on our behalf in the defense of any claims, except as provided below, and shall not be limited by the
amount of insurance required under this Agreement. Our right to indemnity shall be valid notwithstanding
that joint or concurrent liability may be imposed on us or any other Indemnified Party by law. No settlement
of any claim against us shall be made without our prior written consent if we would be subjected to any
liability not covered by you or your insurer. You will have the right to assume control of the defense of and
otherwise respond to and address any claim or proceeding that is subject to this Section 12.B, provided
however, that each Indemnified Party may at its election, by written notice to you, assume control of the
defense of and otherwise respond to and address any such claim or proceeding, but only if (1) the claim or
proceeding involves a class action or action that involves more than just the Restaurant and other Combo
Restaurants that you or your affiliates own, (2) a negative decision in the claim or proceeding would
reasonably be expected to have a material adverse impact on the Dunkin’ brand or Baskin-Robbins brand, or
goodwill associated with the Proprietary Marks, or (3) you (or your insurance carrier) does not actively
defend the Indemnified Party’s interests in the claim or proceeding. If the Indemnified Party assumes control
of the defense of any claim or proceeding pursuant to the preceding sentence, then (a) the Indemnified Party
shall be responsible for its own fees (including reasonable attorneys’ fees), costs and other expenses, and you
may at your option retain separate co-counsel and otherwise participate in the defense at your sole cost and
expense; and (b) your indemnification, defense and hold harmless obligations under this Section 12.B shall
not apply with respect to that claim or proceeding. Your obligations under this Section 12.B will continue in
full force and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding this Agreement’s expiration or termination. To the
extent that this Section 12.B directly conflicts with any specific defense, hold harmless or indemnification
provisions in any other written contract between us or in any program or offering in which you participate,
such as the Dunkin’ and/or Baskin-Robbins Loyalty Program(s), such provisions will govern to the extent of
such conflict.

SECTION 13. TRANSFERS
13.A Transfer by Us. We may change our ownership or form and/or assign this Agreement and any other
agreement between us and you (or any of your Owners or affiliates) without restriction. This Agreement
inures to the benefit of our successors and assigns. Upon transfer, we will have no further obligation under
this Agreement, except for any accrued liabilities.
13
2026 Dunkin’ FDD
Exhibit C-2 - Combo Franchise Agreement
1625632960.2

