required and which you may use or not use at your election. The BOH software cost currently
ranges from $51 to $70 per Restaurant per month.
(4)

Manager’s Computer Workstation. We require you to have a dedicated in-restaurant
manager’s computer workstation comprised of a computer with access to the Internet and a
printer. You may also use the workstation for other software and hosted services utilized in
running your franchise.

(5)

Store Network. We require you to use a specified managed high-speed network solution from
an approved vendor to support POS Systems, front/back-office applications, video
surveillance systems, Digital Menu Board (“DMB”) system, drive-thru timers, guest Wi-Fi,
and other technologies that we may require. Firewall, Internet equipment and managed
services for the Store Network range from $225 to $400 per Restaurant per month; this cost
includes certain PCI/PA-DSS products and services. Installation costs will range from $500
to $1,500 per Restaurant.
In certain locations where terrestrial Internet service is not available, an optional satellite
solution, managed and provided via our approved vendor, is available at the same managed
services rate of $225 to $400 per Restaurant per month. There will be a one-time installation
and setup fee of $2,000 per Restaurant. In rural areas or areas where the cellular signal is
weak and unable to support operations over a wireless primary or backup solution, a highgain antenna will be required to increase signal strength for a one-time cost of approximately
$500 per Restaurant.

(6)

Digital Signage. We require all new Restaurants or any Restaurant undergoing a remodel to
install interior digital signage from an approved vendor. We require all new Drive-thru
Restaurants or any Drive-thru Restaurant undergoing a remodel to install exterior digital
signage from an approved vendor This includes a DMB system, as well as software, firmware,
or cloud-based subscriptions necessary to maintain the digital signage in accordance with our
standards. DMB equipment components include display panels, media players, installation
kit and hardware, and a warranty for the display panels and media players. Interior DMB
must be installed in Dunkin’ standalone Restaurants and in the Dunkin’ side of Combo
Restaurants and are also required for the Baskin-Robbins side of Combo Restaurants. Exterior
DMB must be installed in Dunkin’ Restaurants with a drive-thru and are also required for
Combo Restaurants with a Drive-thru. Estimated interior and exterior DMB equipment
requirements and cost ranges are below but may vary depending on the size and configuration.
Among other things, you may be required to install some or all the following:
The interior DMB system component is a 4-panel configuration, which includes 4 media
players. Component prices range from $7,700 to $8,600 depending on the size and model of
the display panels. Installation costs for a site survey, physical installation, mounting
hardware, electrical and networking site preparation and vendor management fee to support a
4-panel interior DMB system will range from $3,100 to $4,900 depending upon scope of work
required.
If we determine based on the size and configuration of your Restaurant, a 2-panel component
configuration may be used which includes 2 media players. Prices range from $5,800 to
$6,300.
66

Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

