DA #________
(3)
you or any of your Owners commits a fraud upon us, our affiliate, or any third party
relating to the business under this Agreement, any Franchise Agreement signed pursuant to this
Agreement, or any other franchise agreement between us (or any of our affiliates) and you (or any of
your Owners or affiliates);
(4)
you or any of your Owners is convicted of or pleads guilty or no contest to a felony
or crime involving moral turpitude;
(5)

there is any unauthorized transfer or assignment in violation of Section 8;

(6)
any Franchise Agreement signed pursuant to this Agreement, or any other franchise
agreement between us (or any of our affiliates) and you (or any of your Owners or affiliates) relating
to a Combo Restaurant within any Designated Marketing Area(s) where the Development Area is
located, is terminated before its term expires, regardless of the reason; or
(7)
you fail to pay us (or our affiliate) any amount due, whether arising under this
Agreement, any Franchise Agreement signed pursuant to this Agreement, or any other franchise
agreement between us (or any of our affiliates) and you (or any of your Owners or affiliates), or you
fail to comply with any other provision of this Agreement (except as otherwise set forth in this
Section 7), and do not cure the failure within seven (7) days after our delivery of written notice.
B.
Upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement, all rights granted to you under this
Agreement will automatically terminate. If this Agreement is terminated, then you must immediately pay us
all unpaid IFFs (as set forth in Exhibit B), without reduction or offset, even if you did not open any or all of
the Restaurants.
C.
If at any time you do not meet our then-current Criteria to Expand, we may suspend your
right to develop Restaurants by a written notice to you. The suspension will be in effect until you are not in
default under any Related Agreement and otherwise satisfy our criteria for reinstatement under the Criteria to
Expand. Any suspension will not alter your Development Schedule unless we, in our sole judgment, grant an
extension in writing. In addition to and without limiting our other rights and remedies under this Agreement,
any other agreement or applicable law, upon the occurrence of any of the events that give rise to our right to
terminate this Agreement under this Section 7, we may, at our sole option and upon delivery of written notice
to you, eliminate your protected territorial rights under Section 2 above in one or more parts of the
Development Area, in which event we (and our affiliates) may thereafter operate, and authorize any other
parties to operate, Combo Restaurants the physical premises of which are located within that geographic area
and engage, and allow others to engage, in any other activities we desire within that geographic area without
any restrictions whatsoever, subject only to your (or your Controlled Affiliate’s) rights under then existing
franchise agreements with us.
8.

TRANSFERS.

A.
Transfer by Us. We may change our ownership or form and/or assign this Agreement and
any other agreement between us and you, any Controlled Affiliate, or any of your or your Controlled
Affiliates’ owners or affiliates without restriction. This Agreement inures to the benefit of our successors
and assigns. Upon transfer, we will have no further obligation under this Agreement, except for any accrued
liabilities.
B.
Transfer by You – Defined. We entered into this Agreement based on and in reliance on our
perceptions of your (or your Owners’) individual or collective character, skill, aptitude, attitude, business
ability and financial capacity. Therefore, neither this Agreement nor any direct or indirect interest in or
7
2026 Dunkin’ FDD
Exhibit D-2 - Combo Development Agreement
1625632964.2

