5.E
Gross Sales. “Gross Sales” means all revenue related to the sale of approved products and services
through the operation of the Restaurant, but does not include money received for the sale of stored value cards
and deposited into a central account maintained for the benefit of the Dunkin’ Restaurant network; taxes
collected from customers on behalf of a governmental body; or the sale of approved products to another entity
franchised or licensed by us for subsequent resale. All sales are considered to have been made at the time the
product is delivered to the purchaser, regardless of timing or form of payment. Revenues lost due to employee
theft are not deductible from Gross Sales. Sales made to approved wholesale accounts are included in Gross
Sales for purposes of calculating the Continuing Franchise Fee but not the Continuing Advertising Fee. You
must submit any wholesale account for our prior approval using the procedure we specify from time to time.
We may withdraw our approval at any time.
5.F
Taxes on Fees. If any tax or other fee (other than federal or state income tax based on our income) is
imposed on us by any governmental agency due to our receipt of fees or other amounts that you pay to us under
this Agreement, then you agree to pay us the amount of such tax or other fee as an additional Continuing
Franchise Fee.
5.G
Late Fees, Interest and Costs. If you are late in paying all or part of any fee or other amount due to us
or our affiliate, then without limiting our other remedies, you must also pay us our then-current late fee and
interest on the unpaid amount calculated from the date due until paid at the rate of one and one-half percent
(1.5%) per month, or the highest rate allowed by law, whichever is less. You must also pay all collection
charges, including reasonable attorneys' fees, that we and our affiliates incur to collect fees that are due.
5.H
Gross Sales Reporting and EFT. You agree to participate in our program or procedure that we
periodically specify for Gross Sales reporting and payment of fees that are due, whether it is electronic fund
transfer (“EFT”) or some successor program, in accordance with our Standards. You agree to assume the costs
associated with maintaining your capability to report Gross Sales and transfer funds to us. In no event will
you be required to pay any sums before the date they are due, as described above.

SECTION 6. ADVERTISING AND MARKETING
6.A
Fund. We have established and administer The Dunkin' Advertising and Sales Promotion Fund (the
“Fund”), and direct the development of all advertising, marketing and promotional programs for the System.
We may use up to twenty percent (20%) of Continuing Advertising Fees for the administrative expenses of the
Fund and for programs designed to increase sales and further develop the reputation and image of the brand.
The balance, including any interest earned by the Fund, will be used for advertising and related expenses. The
content of all activities of the Fund, including the media selected and employed, as well as the area and
restaurants targeted for such activities, will be determined by us. We are not obligated to make expenditures
for you that are equivalent or proportionate to your contributions to the Fund, or to ensure that you benefit
directly or on a pro rata basis from the Fund’s activities. Upon your request, we will provide you with an
audited statement of receipts and disbursements for the Fund that is audited by an independent, certified public
accountant, for each fiscal year of the Fund.
6.B
Local Marketing. If you prepare (or cause to be prepared) any advertising, marketing, promotional,
customer relationship management, public relations and other brand-related programs for the Restaurant
(collectively, “Local Marketing”) materials or programs, then you must submit the materials and programs and
their proposed use to us for our prior written approval in advance of any use. You may not use any Local
Marketing materials or programs that we have not approved or have disapproved. You also must comply with
any Standards and other guidelines that we periodically specify concerning any Local Marketing that you
implement.

5
2026 Dunkin’ FDD
Exhibit C-1 - Dunkin’ Franchise Agreement
1625632961.4

