Franchise Agreement. You may not open and begin operating the Restaurant until you have finished
developing the Restaurant and Premises according to our Standards, you satisfy our other pre-opening
requirements, and you obtain our approval to open. If you do not open your Restaurant on or before
the Required Opening Date identified in the Franchise Agreement, we may terminate your Franchise
Agreement.
No later than the Refurbishment Dates and the Remodel Dates identified in the Franchise Agreement,
you must refurbish and remodel the Restaurant in accordance with our then-current refurbishment
and remodel Standards. You are responsible for the costs of refurbishments and remodels. Our
refurbishment Standards generally include enhancements, improvements or upgrades to exterior
lighting and signage, pre-order board or other drive-thru equipment and signage, landscape design,
new style wall covering and countertops, current seating and guest experience packages and/or
production equipment or technology. Our remodel Standards generally include enhancements,
improvements or upgrades to the site, building, equipment (including the Operating Assets),
technology and operational systems as necessary to bring the Restaurant up to the then-current Brand
image and Standards.
If we permit you to operate the Dunkin’ Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you may not open and
begin operating the Restaurant unless the Other Restaurant is also open and in operation. (Section
4(d) of the MBA) If we permit you to operate the Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you must
design and construct, and/or make modifications to the Restaurants layout, design, equipment and
fixtures that we periodically specify to reflect the Restaurant’s operation at a Multi-Brand Location.
You must notify customers, and the design and layout must reflect, in the manner we periodically
specify that the operation of the Other Restaurant(s) is separate from and independent from the
Restaurant. At our option, you may use certain areas of the Premises and equipment (including pointof-sale systems and other computer equipment) only for the business associated with the Restaurant
or only for the business associated with the Other Restaurants. (Section 4 of the MBA)
Advertising and Marketing Obligations
Marketing Start-Up
In connection with a material branding or re-branding event at the Restaurant such as opening, reopening, remodel, or any other event set forth in our Standards, you must undertake promotional
activities in the manner and to the extent that we prescribe in accordance with our Standards. We
will advise you in writing of the manner and timing of such activities. If we have established a
minimum dollar expenditure for your Restaurant’s initial opening promotional activities, that amount
will be set forth on the Contract Data Schedule. Currently, the Standard Marketing Start-Up amount
is $10,000, and the SDO Marketing Start-Up Fee is $5,000. If you fail to administer the promotional
programs, we may require you to pay the Standard Marketing Start-Up Fee or SDO Marketing StartUp Fee to us or our approved vendors to conduct these activities on your behalf.
Dunkin’ Advertising and Sales Promotion Fund
We have established and administer the Dunkin’ Advertising and Sales Promotion Fund (the “Fund”),
and direct the development of all advertising, marketing, and promotional programs for the System.
We may use up to 20% of Continuing Advertising Fees for the administrative expenses of the Fund
and for programs designed to increase sales and further develop the reputation and image of the
62
Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

