Section in the
Agreement
FA: §§1.C and
16.E
DA: §10

u. Dispute resolution by
arbitration or mediation

None

Summary
Generally, no modifications except in writing and
signed by the parties. However, we have the right to
modify the System, Manuals, Standards, and
Proprietary Marks.
The Franchise Agreement and/or the Development
Agreement, as applicable, constitute the entire
agreement between us and you (subject to state
law). Any other statements or promises not in the
Franchise Agreement, Development Agreement, or
this FDD should not be relied upon and may not be
enforceable.
Not applicable.

v. Choice of forum

FA: §15.B
DA: §9.B

Federal, state, or local courts within Atlanta, Georgia
(subject to state law).

w. Choice of law

FA: §15.A
DA: §9.A

Georgia law applies to all claims (subject to state
law).

Provision
s. Modification of
agreement

t.

Integration/ merger clause FA: §16.D
DA: §910.D

* In the above chart, all references to “FA” includes both the Franchise Agreement and Combo
Franchise Agreement, and all references to “DA” includes both the Development Agreement and
Combo Development Agreement.
ITEM 18:
PUBLIC FIGURES
We do not use any public figures in promoting the sale of our franchise.
ITEM 19:
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS
The FTC’s Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to provide information about the actual or potential
financial performance of its franchised and/or franchisor-owned outlets, if there is a reasonable basis
for the information, and if the information is included in the disclosure document. Financial
performance information that differs from that included in Item 19 may be given only if: (1) a
franchisor provides the actual records of an existing outlet you are considering buying; or (2) a
franchisor supplements the information provided in this Item 19, for example, by providing
information about possible performance at a particular location or under particular circumstances.
These financial performance representations provide actual, historical “AUVs,” or “Annual Unit
Volumes,” for specific groups of franchised Dunkin’ Restaurants. “Unit Volume” has the same
meaning as Gross Sales, which we define in the note below. This Item 19 includes financial
information for our 2025 fiscal year (which we will call simply “2025” in this Item 19), which is the
period from December 30, 2024 until December 28, 2025. Indeed, federal and state franchise laws
permit us to include in Item 19 either (a) a historical financial performance representation about the
franchise system’s existing outlets or a subset of those outlets, or (b) a forecast of the prospective
franchisee’s future financial performance. The information in this Item 19 reflects 2025 historical
87
Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

