DA #_______
continuing franchise fee, continuing advertising fee and marketing start-up fee under that Franchise
Agreement shall be our then-current fees instead of the fees set forth on Exhibit B.
5.

Proprietary Marks and Restrictive Covenants.

A.
No License to Proprietary Marks. This Agreement does not grant you any right to use, or
authorize others to use, the Proprietary Marks in any manner. Your (or your Controlled Affiliate’s) right to
use the Proprietary Marks arises only under franchise agreements with us. “Proprietary Marks” means the
trademarks, service marks, logos, emblems, trade dress, trade names and other indicia of origin that form part
of the System, all of which we may periodically develop and modify.
B.
No License to Confidential Information. This Agreement does not grant you any right to
use, or authorize others to use, the Confidential Information in any manner. Your (or your Controlled
Affiliate’s) right to use the Confidential Information arises only under franchise agreements with us. If you
nevertheless acquire any Confidential Information, you agree that you: (1) will not use any Confidential
Information in any other business or capacity, whether during or after the Term, and will not sell, trade or
otherwise profit in any way from the Confidential Information; and (2) will keep the Confidential
Information absolutely confidential, both during the Term and thereafter for as long as the information is not
in the public domain, and will not make unauthorized copies of any Confidential Information disclosed in
written or other tangible or intangible form. “Confidential Information” means information relating to us or
the System that is proprietary, provides a competitive advantage to Dunkin’ Restaurants, and is not generally
available to the public, including development plans for Dunkin’ Restaurants; certain proprietary information
in the operations manuals and system standards, including recipes, products and specifications; data relating
to past advertising, marketing, promotional, customer relationship management and other brand-related
programs and materials used by Dunkin’ Restaurants and future plans for those programs; knowledge of
specifications for and suppliers of certain proprietary operating assets and other products and services that
Dunkin’ Restaurants use or sell; and other trade secrets and proprietary know-how relating to the methods of
developing, operating and marketing Dunkin’ Restaurants.
C.
Restrictive Covenants. During the Term, neither you nor any of your Owners, officers,
directors or guarantors may:
(1)
have a direct or indirect ownership interest in, perform any services or other
activities for, provide any assistance to, sell any products to, or receive any financial or other benefit
from any business or venture that derives, or is reasonably expected to derive, more than twenty
percent (20%) of its overall revenue from a combination of coffee and/or baked goods (other than
another Dunkin’ Restaurant operating under a franchise agreement with us) (a “Competitive
Business”);
(2)
divert or attempt to divert any Dunkin’ Restaurant business or customer or
prospective customer away from any Dunkin’ Restaurant;
(3)
oppose the issuance of a building permit, zoning variance or other governmental
approval required for the development of another Dunkin’ Restaurant; or
(4)
perform any act injurious or prejudicial to the goodwill associated with the
Proprietary Marks or any Dunkin’ Restaurant.
The restrictions in this Section 5.C shall not apply to the ownership of (i) less than two percent (2%)
of a company whose shares are listed and traded on a national or regional securities exchange; or (ii) a
passive investment interest of less than fifteen percent (15%) in any real estate development company,
4
2026 Dunkin FDD
Exhibit D - Dunkin’ Development Agreement
1625632962.2

