the right to develop and operate a Dunkin’ Restaurant at the same location as, and in combination
with, an Arby’s® restaurant, Buffalo Wild Wings® Sports Bar, BWW GO® restaurant, Jimmy
John’s® restaurant, and/or Sonic® restaurant (collectively, the “Other Restaurants” and together with
a Dunkin’ Restaurant, the “Multi-Brand Location”).
Each Multi-Brand Location will offer and sell a range of products authorized to be sold under the
System and Proprietary Marks, and the franchise system and trademarks of the Other Franchisor(s).
The Dunkin’ Restaurant and Other Restaurant(s) operating from the Multi-Brand Location may
require separate point of sale systems, employees, uniforms, branding, and more for each restaurant.
To operate a Dunkin’ Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you (and/or your affiliate) must (i) enter
into a Franchise Agreement and the Multi-Brand Addendum attached to this FDD as Exhibit C-5 (the
“Multi-Brand Addendum” or “MBA”) with us for the operation of a Dunkin’ Restaurant, and (ii)
enter into a franchise or license agreement and multi-brand addendum for the applicable Other
Restaurant(s) with each applicable Other Franchisor for the operation of the Other Restaurant
(collectively, each an “Other Franchise Agreement”). We will not grant you the right to operate a
Dunkin’ Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location unless each applicable Other Franchisor grants you
the right to operate the Other Restaurant and permits that Other Restaurant to be operated at a MultiBrand Location. The terms of each Other Franchisor’s franchise offering, franchise agreement or
license agreement, and related agreements are disclosed in the Other Franchisor’s franchise disclosure
document, which you must obtain from that Other Franchisor. Unless otherwise noted, the
disclosures in this FDD apply to Dunkin’ Restaurants that are operated at Multi-Brand Locations.
Market and Competition
Your Restaurant and/or Combo Restaurant will offer products and services to the general public
throughout the year and compete with other national and regional chains and local restaurants that
sell similar products and services. This market is well developed and very competitive.
Industry-Specific Laws and Regulations
You must comply with all local, state, and federal laws and regulations applicable to the operation of
restaurants, such as the following: labor and employment laws and regulations; health, sanitation,
food handling, food preparation, and waste disposal laws and regulations; smoking restrictions; antisolicitation practices (including the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, CAN-SPAM Act, and the
Telemarketing Sales Rule); and consumer pricing advertising, menu, and point-of-sale disclosures
(such as statements concerning the nutritional and dietary characteristics of the food served at your
business). You must also comply with all other laws, regulations, ordinances, and licensing
requirements that apply generally to all businesses. It is your responsibility to investigate and comply
with all laws, regulations, ordinances, and licensing requirements that may affect your operations,
and to investigate the need for obtaining and maintaining all licenses and permits necessary to open
and operate. We encourage you to make additional inquiries into these laws, regulations, ordinances,
and licensing requirements and to obtain the assistance of legal counsel.

3
Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

