DA #_______
provided that such interest does not include any management control, voting rights, or other direct or indirect
control over the policies or operations of that development company, such as any rights
or control with respect to the tenants, owners or other concepts in any real estate development.
D.
Acknowledgements. You acknowledge that a breach of the covenants contained in this
Section 5 will be deemed to threaten immediate and substantial irreparable injury to us and give us the right
to obtain immediate injunctive relief without limiting any other rights we might have. If a court or other
tribunal having jurisdiction to determine the validity or enforceability of this Section 5 determines that,
strictly applied, it would be invalid or unenforceable, then the time, geographical area and scope of activity
restrained shall be deemed modified to the minimum extent necessary such that the restrictions in this
Section 5 will be valid and enforceable.
6.

Term, Extension and Renewal.

A.
Term. The term of this Agreement begins on the date of this Agreement and expires on the
date set forth on Exhibit B, unless the term is extended in accordance with Section 6.B or this Agreement is
sooner terminated in accordance with Section 7.
B.
Mid-Term Extension Option. Beginning on the date that you (or your Controlled Affiliates)
open the first Restaurant that satisfies at least half of your development obligations under the Development
Schedule and continuing for the period that ends one (1) year before the this Agreement expires (unless it is
terminated sooner), and provided that you and your affiliates are fully complying with this Agreement and all
other Related Agreements and satisfy our then-current Criteria to Expand, you may submit to us a written
request to extend the term of this Agreement and increase in the number of Restaurants that you (or your
Controlled Affiliates) must develop under this Agreement (the “Extension Request”). You understand that in
calculating the number of Restaurants that you have opened to determine whether you have satisfied at least
half of your development obligations, we will not count any non-gas/convenience store SDO developed
pursuant to Section 2.B(2) above. Upon receiving your valid Extension Request, we and you agree to
negotiate in good faith to determine the number of additional Dunkin’ Restaurants to be developed (under
our then-current initial franchise fee, continuing franchise fee and other franchise terms), their required
opening dates, and any changes to the Development Area. However, although we and you agree to negotiate
in good faith, both parties understand and agree that they may be unable to successfully determine the terms
of this extension, in which case the terms of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect
notwithstanding the Extension Request.
C.
Renewal. When the Term expires, you will have an option to renew the right and obligation
to develop Dunkin’ Restaurants for one (1) additional term (the “Renewal Term”) if, and only if, each and
every one of the following conditions has been satisfied:
(1)
you have given us written notice of your desire to exercise this renewal option at
least twelve (12) months, but not more than eighteen (18) months before the end of the Term;
(2)
you have timely, and without extension, amendment or waiver from us, satisfied the
Development Schedule and you and your affiliates are then fully complying with this Agreement and
all other Related Agreements and satisfy our then-current Criteria to Expand;
(3)
we have reassessed the potential of the Development Area and determined that the
Development Area has potential for additional Dunkin’ Restaurant development; and
(4)

we and you agree on a new development schedule for the Renewal Term.

5
2026 Dunkin FDD
Exhibit D - Dunkin’ Development Agreement
1625632962.2

