(4)

Consult with the franchisee advisory council (or its successor) from time to time. (Franchise
Agreement Sections 4.D)

(5)

Advise you regarding the manner and timing of the marketing start-up of your Restaurant.
(Franchise Agreement Section 5.B)

(6)

Maintain the Dunkin’ Advertising and Sales Promotion Fund. (Franchise Agreement Section
6.A)

(7)

Review advertising and marketing materials you prepare or cause to be prepared. (Franchise
Agreement Section 6.B)

(8)

Specify the form and manner of records and reports you must submit to us. (Franchise
Agreement Section 11.B)

(9)

Provide you notice of SDO opportunities in your Development Agreement. (Development
Agreement Section 2)

Site Selection and Lease
Development Agreement. If you sign the Development Agreement to develop multiple Restaurants,
then you may look for sites within the Development Area. Although we may assist you in your
search, it will be your sole responsibility to search for and propose to us the site on which you wish
to develop the Restaurant. You must deliver to us a complete site report and other materials and
information we request for suitable site(s) within the Development Area in time to meet your
obligations under the Development Schedule. You may only develop a Restaurant at a site that we
have accepted. You must also submit information to us concerning the proposed layout and other
aspects of the proposed Restaurant’s design and appearance. You must make the changes to the
proposed design and appearance that we require, and you must develop the Restaurant only in
accordance with our requirements. Each Restaurant must be constructed and equipped to our thencurrent standards and specifications.
When determining whether a site meets our requirements, we consider the location, occupancy costs,
proximity to major retail activity, traffic volume and speed, density of nearby population (resident or
daytime), competition and potential for encroachment on other Restaurants of the same brand, site
configuration, parking, accessibility, visibility, signage permitted by the landlord and local
governmental authorities, and other factors. We generally issue a notice to proceed between 60 and
90 days after receiving the required information related to the proposed site. If we disapprove of a
site, you must submit alternative proposed site locations for the Restaurant, including a complete site
report, in time to open the Restaurant on or before the Required Opening Date identified in the
Development Agreement. After receiving our notice to proceed, but in any event before beginning
construction for the Restaurant, and provided that you (and your Controlled Affiliate) satisfy our then
current Criteria to Expand, then you (or your Controlled Affiliate) must sign our then-current version
of franchise agreement and related documents.
You must submit to us the proposed purchase agreement or lease for the Premises, along with the
acquisition, development and construction costs, and such other information as we reasonably
request, so that we can evaluate the proposal. You (or your Controlled Affiliate) must secure the real
estate for each Restaurant, through an approved purchase agreement or binding lease, in time for you
60
Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

