the operation or occupancy of the Restaurant or Premises and otherwise notify us immediately if there exists
any event or condition at the Restaurant or Premises that poses a threat to the health or safety of your customers.
We may specify from time to time the manner of submission of this information to us.

SECTION 8. REPAIRS, MAINTENANCE, REFURBISHMENT AND REMODEL
8.A
Repairs and Maintenance. You agree to continuously maintain the Restaurant and Premises, including
all Operating Assets, in the degree of cleanliness, orderliness, sanitation and repair as prescribed by our
Standards. You agree to make needed repairs (and replacements) to the Restaurant and Premises, including
all Operating Assets, on an ongoing basis to ensure that your use and occupancy of the Restaurant and Premises
conform to our Standards at all times. You are responsible for the costs associated with maintenance, repairs
and replacements, alterations and additions. You may not defer your ongoing obligation to maintain, repair
and replace because of a forthcoming refurbishment or remodel.
8.B
Refurbishment and Remodel. No later than the Refurbishment Dates described in the Contract Data
Schedule, you must refurbish the Restaurant in accordance with our then-current refurbishment Standards as
generally described below. No later than the Remodel Dates described in the Contract Data Schedule, you
must remodel the Restaurant in accordance with our then-current remodel Standards as generally described
below, including those relating to Operating Assets. You are responsible for the costs of refurbishments and
remodels. Our refurbishment Standards generally include enhancements, improvements or upgrades to
exterior lighting and signage, pre-order board or other drive-thru equipment and signage, landscape design,
new style wall covering and countertops, current seating and guest experience packages and/or production
equipment or technology. Our remodel Standards generally include enhancements, improvements or upgrades
to the site, building, equipment, technology and operational systems as necessary to bring the Restaurant up to
the then-current Brand image and Standards.

SECTION 9. PROPRIETARY MARKS, CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND INNOVATIONS
9.A
Ownership of Proprietary Marks. Your right to use the Proprietary Marks is derived only from this
Agreement and is limited to operating the Restaurant according to this Agreement and all Standards we
implement during the Term. You may not sublicense the Proprietary Marks. Your unauthorized use of the
Proprietary Marks is a breach of this Agreement and infringes our and our licensor’s rights in the Proprietary
Marks. Your use of the Proprietary Marks and any goodwill established by that use are for our and our
licensor’s exclusive benefit, and this Agreement does not confer any goodwill or other interests in the
Proprietary Marks upon you (other than the right to operate the Restaurant under this Agreement). All
provisions of this Agreement relating to the Proprietary Marks apply to any additional and substitute
trademarks and service marks that we periodically authorize you to use. Neither you nor your Owners may
directly or indirectly at any time during or after the Term contest or assist others in contesting the validity, or
our licensor’s ownership, of the Proprietary Marks or register, apply to register, or otherwise seek to use or in
any way control any Proprietary Mark or any confusingly similar form or variation of any Proprietary Mark.
9.B
Use of Proprietary Marks. You agree to use only the Proprietary Marks we periodically designate and
in the manner that we periodically approve. You may not use the Proprietary Marks to advertise or sell
products or services through the mail or by any electronic or other medium, including the Internet, without our
prior written approval. Our right to approve any Internet usage of our Proprietary Marks includes approval of
the domain names and Internet addresses, website materials and content, social media, and all links to other
sites. We have the sole right to establish an Internet “home page” or other website using any of the Proprietary
Marks, and to regulate the establishment and use of linked home pages by our franchisees. You agree not to
use the Proprietary Marks or the names “Dunkin’ Donuts”, “Dunkin’”, “DD”, “Dunk” or anything confusingly
similar as part of your corporate or other legal name, or as part of any e-mail address, domain name, social
media accounts, or other identification of you or your business, in any medium. In all approved uses of the
8
2026 Dunkin’ FDD
Exhibit C-1 - Dunkin’ Franchise Agreement
1625632961.4

