supermarkets and home improvement retailers (collectively, “Special Distribution Opportunities” or
“SDO”). If the Restaurant is located at an SDO location, “Premises” includes the Restaurant, any
storage, seating or common areas used in connection with the Restaurant. Some Dunkin’ Restaurants
that operate from an SDO location may be self-serve, meaning the guest obtains their own beverage
and/or food rather than being served by a franchisee team member. If you wish to develop one or
more Dunkin’ Restaurants that will be operated from an SDO location, you will sign our then-current
form of Franchise Agreement and Non-Traditional Rider to the Franchise Agreement, which is
attached to this disclosure document as Exhibit C-3 (the “Non-Traditional Rider”), for each
Restaurant developed at an SDO location.
We also offer to qualified prospects the right to develop multiple Dunkin’ Restaurants within a
designated territory (“Development Area”) under the terms of the Development Agreement (Exhibit
D-1). The Development Agreement will specify the number of Dunkin’ Restaurants you will develop
over a specified period (“Development Schedule”). Certain Dunkin’ Restaurants operated from SDO
locations may count towards your Development Schedule. Under the terms of the Development
Agreement, you or an approved subsidiary must develop the Dunkin’ Restaurants in the Development
Area, and sign our then-current form of Franchise Agreement for each Dunkin’ Restaurant developed
under the Development Area. However, if you fully comply with the Development Agreement, each
Franchise Agreement developed under the Development Agreement will reflect the initial franchise
fee specified in Item 5.
The Dunkin’ + Baskin-Robbins Combo Franchise
In addition to Dunkin’ Restaurants, we and our affiliate, Baskin-Robbins Franchising LLC (“BR”),
grant franchises to develop and operate restaurants under the System and the Baskin-Robbins system,
offering and selling Menu Items and Baskin-Robbins menu items, and using both the Proprietary
Marks and the Baskin-Robbins trademarks (each a “Combo Restaurant”). We use the term “Combo
Restaurant” to refer to the Restaurant that you will operate under the Combo Franchise Agreement
(Exhibit C-2). We refer to the Franchise Agreement and Combo Franchise Agreement collectively
as the “Franchise Agreement” throughout this FDD. If you are offered that opportunity, you will
receive a separate FDD from BR.
We also offer to qualified prospects the right to develop multiple Combo Restaurants within a
Development Area under the terms of the “Combo Development Agreement” (Exhibit D-2). The
Combo Development Agreement will specify the Development Schedule. Either you or an approved
subsidiary may develop the Combo Restaurants in the Development Area. Under the terms of the
Combo Development Agreement, you or an approved subsidiary must develop the Combo
Restaurants in the Development Area, and sign our then-current form of Combo Franchise Agreement
for each Combo Restaurant developed under the Development Area. However, if you fully comply
with the Combo Development Agreement, each Combo Franchise Agreement developed under the
Combo Development Agreement will reflect the initial franchise fee specified in Item 5. We refer to
the Development Agreement and Combo Development Agreement collectively as the “Development
Agreement” throughout this FDD.
Multi-Brand Locations
We have an arrangement with Arby’s Franchisor, LLC, Buffalo Wild Wings International, Inc.,
Jimmy John’s Franchisor SPV, LLC, and Sonic Franchising LLC (each an “Other Franchisor”)
whereby we, together with the applicable Other Franchisor(s), may offer certain qualified prospects
2
Dunkin’ | 2026 FDD
1625618704.4

