DUNKIN’ BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Company records income tax liabilities based on known obligations and estimates of potential obligations. A deferred
tax asset or liability is recognized whenever there are (i) future tax effects from temporary differences between the financial
statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases or (ii) operating loss and tax credit
carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to the years in
which those differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred tax assets related to U.S. federal and state
attributes are measured based on the Company’s relative contribution to the Inspire consolidated deferred tax assets in
accordance with the Tax Sharing Agreement. When considered necessary, the Company records a valuation allowance to
reduce the carrying amount of deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the assets will not be
realized on the Inspire consolidated federal tax return.
The Company applies a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for consolidated financial statement recognition
and measurement of potential tax benefits associated with tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the Company’s
income tax returns ("Uncertain Tax Positions"). The Company uses a two-step process when evaluating tax positions. The
Company first determines if it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination, including
resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. A tax position that
meets the more likely than not recognition threshold is then measured for purposes of consolidated financial statement
recognition as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized once the position is considered
effectively settled.
Interest and penalties accrued for Uncertain Tax Positions are charged to "Income tax expense."
Contributions from and Distributions to Parent
Contributions from and distributions to Parent principally result from transactions with the Parent conducted in accordance
with Inspire’s centralized cash management policy. Such amounts are not expected to be repaid. The Company presents
contributions from and distributions to Parent on a net basis on the consolidated statements of stockholders' equity. The net
distributions in a year are first recorded to "Retained earnings", if any, until the cumulative retained earnings balance is
reduced to zero. Any remaining distributions in a year are then recorded to “Additional paid-in capital,” if any, until the
cumulative “Additional paid-in capital” balance is reduced to zero and are then subsequently recorded to “Accumulated
deficit.” The net contributions in a year are recorded to "Additional paid-in capital."
The Company presents contributions from and distributions to Parent on a net basis as a financing activity on the
consolidated statements of cash flows.
Franchise Advertising and Other Services Expenses
"Franchise advertising and other services expenses" in the consolidated statements of operations includes advertising
expenses incurred by the Company, primarily through advertising funds, including expenses for the administration of the
gift card program and loyalty program. The Company expenses production costs of commercial advertising upon first airing
and expenses the costs of communicating the advertising in the period in which the advertising occurs. Costs of print
advertising and certain promotion-related items are deferred and expensed the first time the advertising is displayed.
At the end of each fiscal year, additional accruals for advertising costs are recorded to the extent that an advertising fund has
a surplus balance, as the Company is obligated to expend such amounts on advertising. Additional advertising costs
resulting from the Company's obligation to spend surplus advertising fund contributions are recorded as "Franchise
advertising and other services expenses."

14

