DUNKIN’ BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Foreign Currency
The Company's reporting currency is the U.S. dollar, while the functional currency of the Company’s foreign operations is
primarily the local currency in each foreign country. Assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars using the current
exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date, while revenues and expenses are translated at the average exchange rates
for the period. The resulting translation adjustments are recorded as a separate component of other comprehensive income
and stockholders' equity, net of deferred taxes. Foreign currency translation adjustments primarily result from the
Company's equity-method investments, as well as subsidiaries located in foreign jurisdictions. Transactions resulting in
foreign exchange gains and losses are included in the consolidated statements of operations in "Other income, net."
Revenue Recognition
Revenue is recognized in accordance with a five-step revenue model, as follows: identifying the contract with the customer;
identifying the performance obligations in the contract; determining the transaction price; allocating the transaction price to
the performance obligations; and recognizing revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies the performance obligations.
Franchise fees and royalty revenues
Domestically, the Company sells individual franchises as well as territory agreements in the form of store development
agreements (“SDAs”) that grant the right to develop restaurants in designated areas. The franchise agreements and SDAs
typically require the franchisee to pay initial nonrefundable franchise fees prior to opening the respective restaurants and
continuing fees, or royalty revenues, on a weekly basis based upon a percentage of franchisee gross sales. The initial term of
domestic franchise agreements is typically 20 years. Prior to the end of the franchise term or as otherwise provided by the
Company, a franchisee may elect to renew the term of a franchise agreement and, if approved, will typically pay a renewal
fee upon execution of the renewal term. If approved, a franchisee may transfer a franchise agreement or SDA to a new or
existing franchisee, at which point a transfer fee is paid. Occasionally, the Company offers incentive programs to franchisees
in conjunction with a franchise/license agreement, territory agreement, or renewal agreement.
Internationally, the Company sells master franchise agreements that grant the master franchisee the right to develop and
operate, and in some instances sub-franchise, a certain number of restaurants within a particular geographic area. The master
franchisee is typically required to pay an upfront market entry fee upon entering into the master franchise agreement and an
upfront initial franchise fee for each developed restaurant prior to each respective opening. For the Dunkin’ brand and in
certain Baskin-Robbins international markets, the master franchisee will also pay continuing fees, or royalty revenues, on a
monthly basis based upon a percentage of sales. The master franchise agreement serves as the franchise agreement for the
underlying restaurants, and the initial franchise term provided for each restaurant typically ranges between 10 and 20 years.
The franchise license granted for each individual restaurant within an arrangement represents a single performance
obligation. Therefore, initial franchise fees and market entry fees for each arrangement are allocated to each individual
restaurant and recognized over the term of the respective franchise agreement from the date of the restaurant opening.
Royalty revenues are also recognized over the term of the respective franchise agreement based on the royalties earned each
period as the underlying sales occur. Renewal fees are recognized over the renewal term for the respective restaurant from
the start of the renewal period. Transfer fees are recognized over the remaining term of the franchise agreement beginning at
the time of transfer. Incentives provided to franchisees in conjunction with a franchise/license agreement, territory
agreement, or renewal agreement are recognized over the remaining term of the respective agreement. Additionally, for
Baskin-Robbins international markets that do not pay a royalty, a portion of the consideration from the sales of ice cream
and other products is allocated to royalty revenues as consideration for the use of the franchise license, which is recognized
when the related sales occur and is estimated based on royalty rates in effect for markets where the franchise license is sold
on a standalone basis. Fees received or receivable that are expected to be recognized as revenue within one year are
classified as "Deferred revenue" within current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets.
Franchise contributions for advertising and other services
Domestically and in limited international markets, franchise agreements typically require the franchisee to pay continuing
advertising fees on a weekly basis based on a percentage of franchisee gross sales, which represents a portion of the
consideration received for the single performance obligation of the franchise license. Continuing advertising fees are
recognized over the term of the respective franchise agreement based on the fees earned each period as the underlying sales
occur.

12

