(5)

Within thirty (30) days from the opening date of the Restaurant, any
applicable Continuing Franchise Fee credits will be credited to you to be
applied to Continuing Franchise Fee payments due during the Term (without
interest).

2.

Early Opening Incentive. If you meet the requirements of the Standard Incentive, Strategic
Incentive, or Pacific Northwest Incentive program set forth above, and you open and begin operating the
Restaurant in accordance with the Franchise Agreement before the Opening Deadline, then the Continuing
Franchise Fee will be zero percent (0%) of Gross Sales from the date you open the Restaurant until the Opening
Deadline (not to exceed six (6) months), and then the applicable Continuing Franchise Fee rate shall apply. If
you open the Restaurant on or after the Opening Deadline, the Early Opening Incentive described in this
Section will not apply to the Restaurant.

3.
VetFran Program. [Note: Only include this provision if the Franchisee or its owner(s)
qualify for the VetFran Incentive.] If (a) you are a veteran or returning service member who has not previously
signed, or had an affiliate that signed, a Development Agreement or Franchise Agreement with us and who
qualifies and signs a Franchise Agreement to develop one Dunkin’ Restaurant, (b) you and your affiliates are
in substantial compliance with the Franchise Agreement and each other agreement between us and you or your
affiliates, including (if applicable) the Development Agreement, (c) you open and begin operating the
Restaurant in compliance with the Franchise Agreement on or before the Required Opening Date identified in
Section D of the Contract Data Schedule, (d) you provide to us a report, in the format and containing the
information that we reasonably specify, identifying the amounts that you spend in various categories relating
to the development and opening of the Restaurant within 120 days after the Restaurant first opens for business,
and (e) you build the Restaurant in the design, to the specifications, and at the location approved by us, then
we agree to, in addition to the above provisions, to credit an amount equal to $10,000 toward the Continuing
Franchise Fee owed under the Franchise Agreement. Within thirty (30) days from the opening date of the
Restaurant, any applicable Continuing Franchise Fee credits will be credited to you to be applied to Continuing
Franchise Fee payments due during the Term (without interest). If you fail to satisfy any of the conditions
listed in (a) through (e) above, the VetFran incentive program described in this Section will not apply to the
Restaurant.
4.
Miscellaneous. The Background is incorporated into this Amendment by this reference. This
Amendment is an amendment to, and forms a part of, the Franchise Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt,
all references in this Amendment to an Opening Deadline, or any other required opening date shall refer to
such date(s) as of the effective date of the applicable agreement. If we agree to any subsequent modification
to, or amendment of, the Opening Deadline, or any other required opening date, such modification or
amendment shall not modify, amend, or otherwise extend any deadlines set forth in this Amendment. If there
is an inconsistency between this Amendment and the Franchise Agreement, the terms of this Amendment shall
control. This Amendment, together with the Franchise Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement among the
Parties hereto, and there are no other oral or written representations, understandings or agreements among
them, relating to the subject matter of this Amendment. Except as specifically provided in this Amendment,
all of the terms, conditions and provisions of the Franchise Agreement will remain in full force and effect as
originally written and signed.
[signatures on next page]

4
2026 Dunkin’ FDD
Exhibit C-4 - Incentives Amendment to the Franchise Agreement
1625632887.3

