 
8 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
“Post-Term Restricted Period” means the 24 month period after the earliest to occur of the following: 
(a) the expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason; or (b) the date on which Franchisee, 
in compliance with the terms of this Agreement, Transfers this Agreement to another person or 
Corporate Entity. Provided however, that if a court of competent jurisdiction determines that this period 
of time is too long to be enforceable, then the “Post-Term Restricted Period” means the 18 month period 
after the earliest to occur of the following: (a) the expiration or termination of this Agreement for any 
reason; or (b) the date on which Franchisee, in compliance with the terms of this Agreement, Transfers 
this Agreement to another person or Corporate Entity.  
 
“Prohibited Activities” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 6.D. of this Agreement. 
 
“Published Content” means any and all information, data, articles, communications, videos and other 
information relating to or concerning the Franchised Business, the System, or the Licensed Marks that 
is or was made available by Franchisee or Franchisee’s agents to the public in print or electronic media 
that is published, listed, made available, uploaded on, downloaded to, posted or distributed through 
Digital Media. 
 
“Renewal Ancillary Agreements” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 15.B. of this 
Agreement. 
 
“Renewal Fee” shall have the meaning defined in Article 15.B.(5) of this Agreement. The Renewal 
Fee is a fixed sum of $5,000. 
 
“Renewal Franchise Agreement” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 15.B. of this 
Agreement. 
 
“Renewal Notice” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 15.B. of this Agreement. 
 
“Renewal Term” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 15.A. of this Agreement. 
 
“Reporting Non-Compliance Fee” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 12.C. of 
this Agreement. 
 
“Reporting Violation” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 12.C. of this Agreement. 
 
“Reputation Management Services” means the customer review, review monitoring, reporting and/or 
reputation management services designated by Franchisor. Franchisor, in Franchisor’s Reasonable 
Business Judgement, shall exclusively select the Reputation Management Services to be used by 
Franchisee and to determine and select the websites, social media sites, reporting services, surveys, and 
service platforms to be included in any evaluation and/or determination of Franchisee’s customer 
satisfaction or approval ratings. 
 
“Reserved Rights” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 2.D. of this Agreement. 
 
“Restricted Territory” means the geographic area: (a) comprising Franchisee’s Designated Territory; 
(b) comprising a 25 mile radius surrounding Franchisee’s Designated Territory or, if Franchisee is not 
granted or designated a designated territory, then a 25 mile radius surrounding Franchisee’s Shop 
Location; (c) comprising a 10 mile radius surrounding the Shop Locations for all other Delah Coffee 
Shops operating and/or under development as of the Effective Date of this Agreement; and (d) 
comprising a 10 mile radius surrounding the Shop Locations for all other Delah Coffee Shops that are 
in operation or under development during all or any part of the Post-Term Restricted Period; provided, 
