 
3 
 
Metwally CPA PLLC 
CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANT 
1312 Norwood Dr STE 100, Bedford, Texas, 76022 
Cell: 214-200-5434 (Mohamed Metwally) Mmetwally@metwallycpa.com 
Independent Auditor's Report 
 
To the members of 
Delah Coffee Franchising, LLC 
 
Opinion 
 
We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Delah Coffee Franchising, LLC (the Company) as of January 02, 
2025, and the related notes to the Financial Statement. 
 
In our opinion, the financial statement referred to above presents fairly, in all material respects, the financial position 
of Delah Coffee Franchising, LLC as of January 02, 2025, in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in 
the United States of America. 
 
Basis for Opinion 
 
We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Our 
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial 
Statement section of our report. We are required to be independent of Delah Coffee Franchising, LLC and to meet our 
other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our audits. We believe that 
the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. 
  
Responsibilities of Management for the Financial Statement 
 
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statement in accordance with 
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and for the design, implementation, and 
maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statement that are free 
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
In preparing the financial statement, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, 
considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about Delah Coffee Franchising, LLC’s ability to continue as a 
going concern within one year after the date that the financial statement is available to be issued. 
 
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statement 
 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statement as a whole is free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. 
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and therefore is not a guarantee that an 
audit conducted in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards will always detect a material misstatement 
when it exists. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting 
from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal 
control. Misstatements are considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, 
they would influence the judgment made by a reasonable user based on the financial statement. 
 
