 
 
 
                                                          Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
 
In conformance with Section 41 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, any condition, stipulation or 
provision purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive compliance with the Illinois 
Franchise Disclosure Act or any other law of Illinois is void. 
 
No statement, questionnaire or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with 
the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of: (i) waiving any claims under any 
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
Indiana FDD Amendment 
Amendments to the Delah Coffee  
Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
1. Item 8, “Restrictions on Sources of Products and Services,” is supplemented by the addition of the 
following: 
 
Under Indiana Code Section 23-2-2.7-1(4), the franchisor will not obtain money, goods, 
services, or any other benefit from any other person with whom the franchisee does 
business, on account of, or in relation to, the transaction between the franchisee and the 
other person, other than for compensation for services rendered by the franchisor, unless 
the benefit is promptly accounted for, and transmitted by the franchisee. 
 
2.  Item 6, “Other Fees” and Item 9, “Franchisee’s Obligations”, are supplemented, by the addition of the 
following: 
 
The franchisee will not be required to indemnify franchisor for any liability imposed upon 
franchisor as a result of franchisee’s reliance upon or use of procedures or products that 
were required by franchisor, if the procedures or products were utilized by franchisee in 
the manner required by franchisor. 
 
3. Item 17, “Renewal, Termination, Transfer and Dispute Resolution,” is supplemented, by the addition of 
the following: 
 
A. Indiana Code 23-2-2.7-1(7) makes unlawful unilateral termination of a franchise unless 
there is a material violation of the Franchise Agreement and termination is not in bad faith. 
 
B. Indiana Code 23-2-2.7-1(5) prohibits a prospective general release of claims subject to 
the Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Law. 
 
C. ITEM 17(r) is amended subject to Indiana Code 23-2-2.7-1(9) to provide that the post-
term non-competition covenant shall have a geographical limitation of the territory granted 
to Franchisee. 
 
D. ITEM 17(v) is amended to provide that franchisees will be permitted to commence 
litigation in Indiana for any cause of action under Indiana Law. 
 
E. ITEM 17(w) is amended to provide that in the event of a conflict of law, Indiana Law 
governs any cause of action that arises under the Indiana Disclosure Law or the Indiana 
Deceptive Franchise Practices Act. 
