 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
MARYLAND FRANCHISE AND DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT AMENDMENT 
 
Amendments to the Delah Coffee Franchise and Development Agreement 
 
In recognition of the requirements of the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law, the parties 
to the attached Delah Coffee Franchising, LLC Franchise Agreement (the “Franchise Agreement”) and, if 
Franchisor and Franchisee both sign the Delah Coffee Franchising, LLC Multi-Unit Development 
Agreement (the “Development Agreement”), as follows: 
 
1. The franchise agreement provides that disputes are resolved through arbitration. A Maryland franchise 
regulation states that it is an unfair or deceptive practice to require a franchisee to waive its right to file a 
lawsuit in Maryland claiming a violation of the Maryland Franchise Law. In light of the Federal Arbitration 
Act, there is some dispute as to whether this forum selection requirement is legally enforceable. 
 
2. The general release required as a condition of renewal, sale, and/or assignment/transfer shall not apply 
to any liability under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. 
 
3. Article 18.G. of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading “Choice of Law, Non-Binding Mediation, 
Binding Arbitration, and Consent to Jurisdiction,” shall be amended by the addition of the following 
statement added to Article 18.G. of the Franchise Agreement: 
 
A franchisee may bring a lawsuit in Maryland for claims arising under the Maryland Franchise 
Registration and Disclosure Law. 
 
4. Article 18.I. of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading “Limitations of Claims,” shall be amended 
by the addition of the following statement added to Article 18.I. of the Franchise Agreement: 
 
Any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law must be brought 
within three years after the grant of the franchise. 
 
A general release required as a condition of renewal, sale and/or assignment or transfer of a Franchise 
Agreement shall not apply to any liability under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure 
Law 
 
5. All representations requiring prospective franchisees to assent to a release, estoppel or waiver of liability 
are not intended to nor shall they act as a release, estoppel or waiver of any liability incurred under the 
Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.  
 
6. Each provision of this amendment shall be effective only to the extent, with respect to such provision, 
that the jurisdictional requirements of the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law are met 
independently without reference to this amendment. 
 
7.  No statement, questionnaire or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with 
the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of: (i) waiving any claims under any 
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
 
[SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW] 
 
 
 
 
 
