 
24 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
5.D. 
PAYMENT NON-COMPLIANCE FEES AND CHARGES 
In addition to all other rights afforded to Franchisor under this Agreement, in connection with each and 
every fee, charge, and/or obligation payable and due from Franchisee to Franchisor under the terms of this 
Agreement including, but not limited to, this Article 5, within 14 days of Franchisor’s invoice, Franchisee 
shall pay to Franchisor: (a) a payment non-compliance fee in the amount of $150 (the “Payment Non-
Compliance Fee”) for each and every instance where a fee, charge, and/or obligation payable to Franchisor 
under this Agreement is not paid in full when due; plus (b) interest on all unpaid fees, sums, and/or 
obligations payable and due from Franchisee to Franchisor at an interest rate equal to the lesser of either 
18% per annum, or the maximum interest rate allowed by applicable law and with interest accruing on the 
date when such fee, sum, or obligation was due; plus (c) all costs incurred by Franchisor in the collection 
of such unpaid and past due obligations including, but not limited to, reasonable attorney’s fees, costs, and 
expenses. Additionally, if Franchisee’s bank account possesses insufficient funds and/or fails to process a 
payment related to any fee due to Franchisor, Franchisor may charge the greater of either: (i) 5% of the 
amount, (ii) $50 for each instance; or (iii) the maximum amount allowed by law. The foregoing does not 
constitute Franchisor’s agreement to accept payments after they are due or a commitment by Franchisor to 
extend credit to, or otherwise finance Franchisee’s operation of the Franchised Business. Nothing contained 
in this Article 5.D. shall be interpreted as interfering with and/or negating Franchisor’s rights and remedies 
as set forth in Article 16 and, as otherwise set forth in this Agreement. All rights and remedies of Franchisor 
are cumulative and shall be interpreted as cumulative to one another. 
 
5.E. 
APPLICATION OF PAYMENTS 
Franchisor has sole discretion to apply any payments received from Franchisee or to offset any 
indebtedness of Franchisee to Franchisor to any past due indebtedness of Franchisee for Royalty Fees, 
Advertising Contributions, purchases from Franchisor or its affiliates, interest or any other indebtedness 
of Franchisee to Franchisor or its affiliates.  
 
5.F. 
WITHHOLDING PAYMENTS UNLAWFUL 
Franchisee agrees that under no circumstance is Franchisee entitled to withhold payments due to 
Franchisor under this Agreement. Among other things and without limitation to the foregoing, Franchisee 
expressly agrees that any claim by Franchisee as to the alleged non-performance of Franchisor’s 
obligations shall not permit and/or entitle Franchisee to withhold payments due Franchisor under this 
Agreement.  
 
ARTICLE 6 
RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS AND OBLIGATIONS 
 
6.A. 
NECESSITY FOR RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS 
Franchisee agrees that only through the course of entering into this Agreement is Franchisee being provided 
with access to the System, Franchisor’s training, use of the Licensed Marks and, access to the Operations 
Manual and Confidential Information. Franchisee agrees that competition by Franchisee, Owners, Spouses 
and/or Immediate Family Members could jeopardize the entire System and cause irreparable harm to 
Franchisor and franchisees of Delah Coffee Shops. Accordingly, Franchisee and Franchisee’s Owners and, 
Spouses agree to comply with the restrictive covenants set forth in this Article 6 and throughout this 
Agreement. 
 
6.B. 
RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS: KNOW-HOW 
Franchisee agrees that, at all times, both during the Term of this Agreement and, after its expiration or 
termination, Franchisee: (a) shall not use the Know-How in any business or capacity other than the 
operation of the Franchised Business pursuant to this Agreement and as instructed by Franchisor; (b) shall 
maintain the confidentiality of the Know-How at all times; (c) shall not make unauthorized copies of 
documents containing any Know-How; (d) shall take all reasonable steps that Franchisor requires from time 
