 
28 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
applicable, Multi-Unit Development Agreement. If we defend the claim, we have no obligation to 
indemnify or reimburse you with respect to any fees or disbursements of any attorney that you retain. 
 
If any third party establishes, to our satisfaction and in our discretion that its rights to the Licensed Marks 
are, for any legal reason, superior to any of our rights or of a nature that we believe, in our discretion, that 
it is advisable to discontinue and/or modify the Licensed Marks, then we will modify and/or replace the 
Licensed Marks and you must use the substitutions, replacements and/or variations of and/or to the Licensed 
Marks and use the those trademarks, service marks, logos and trade names required and designated by us. 
In such event, our sole liability and obligation will be to reimburse you for the direct out-of-pocket costs of 
complying with this obligation, which you must document to our satisfaction, including, by way of example, 
alterations in signage and replacement of marketing materials. 
 
ITEM 14 
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION 
 
We do not own any rights to, or licenses in any patent or copyrights material to the franchise System. We 
may copyright advertising materials and design specifications, our Operations Manual, and other written 
materials and items. We have not applied to the USPTO for the issuance of any patents.  
 
You must keep as confidential our Operations Manual and any supplements to the Operations Manual. Our 
Operations Manual may take the form of written materials and/or digitally distributed and stored materials 
and made available to you for use in connection with the Franchised Business. The Operations Manual 
contain information about our System, Approved Products and Services, System Supplies, proprietary 
products, marketing systems, training, and confidential methods of operation. You must use all reasonable 
and prudent means to maintain the Operations Manual and the information maintained in the Operations 
Manual as confidential and prevent any unauthorized copies, recordings, reproduction, or distribution of 
the Operations Manual or the information contained in the Operations Manual. You must also restrict access 
to the Operations Manual to management level employees who sign a confidentiality agreement with you 
and are required by you to maintain the confidentiality of the Operations Manual and refrain from 
distributing or disclosing the Operations Manual and the information contained in the Operations Manual. 
You must provide us with immediate notice if you learn of any unauthorized use of the Operations Manual 
or of the information contained in the Operations Manual, or any infringement or challenge to the 
proprietary or confidentiality of the information contained in the Operations Manual. We will take any and 
all action(s), or refrain from taking action, that we determine, in our discretion, to be appropriate. We may 
control any action or legal proceeding we choose to bring. We need not participate in your defense or 
indemnify you for damages or expenses in a proceeding involving a copyright or patent. If any third party 
establishes to our satisfaction, in our discretion, that it possesses rights superior to ours, then you must 
modify or discontinue your use of these materials in accordance with our written instructions. 
 
ITEM 15 
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL 
OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE BUSINESS 
 
The Franchise Agreement requires that you or, if you are a Corporate Entity, your designated managing 
shareholder, member or partner (your “Managing Owner”) be personally responsible for the management 
and overall supervision of your Shop. Your Managing Owner must complete, to our satisfaction, our initial 
training program and be approved by us. While we recommend that your Managing Owner personally 
participate in the day-to-day management and on-site supervision and operations of your Shop, you may 
hire an operating manager to supervise and manage the day-to-day on-site operations of your Shop provided 
that your operating manager: (a) meets all of our minimum standards and criteria for managers; (b) 
completes our initial training program; and (c) signs our confidentiality agreements (an “Operating 
