 
29 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
Manager”). At all times, your Shop must be managed and supervised on-site by either a Managing Owner 
or Operating Manager. If you own and operate multiple Shops then each Shop must be managed and 
supervised on-site by an Operating Manager. 
 
You and, if you are a Corporate Entity, each of your members, shareholders and/or partners (collectively, 
“Owners”), must personally guarantee all of your obligations to us under the Franchise Agreement. Each 
Owner and the spouse of each Owner must personally guarantee your obligations to us under the Franchise 
Agreement. You and each Owner and spouse must also promise in writing that, among other things, during 
the term of the Franchise Agreement you will not participate in any business that in any way competes with 
the Franchised Business, and that for 24 months after the expiration or termination of the Franchise 
Agreement with said period being tolled during any periods of non-compliance, neither you nor your 
Owners and their spouses will participate in any competitive business located within and/or servicing 
customers located within your Designated Territory and a 25 mile radius surrounding your Designated 
Territory. Further you will not participate in any competitive business located within and/or servicing 
customers located within a 10 mile radius of any other Delah Coffee Shop and/or the designated territory 
of any other Delah Coffee Shop. Your managers and all other employees and agents with access to our 
confidential information will be required by us to sign a confidentiality agreement. 
 
ITEM 16 
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL 
 
You may only sell the Approved Products and Services as specified in the Operations Manual or otherwise 
approved by us in writing and may only sell the products and services required by us. We can change the 
products and services that you must offer. There is no limitation on our right to change the products and 
services offered sold by Delah Coffee Shops. You are not limited to whom you may sell products and 
services of your Delah Coffee Shop, provided you do so exclusively from your Shop Location and as 
otherwise required by and in compliance with the standards we determine for the System. 
 
 
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
