 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
NEW YORK FRANCHISE AND DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT AMENDMENT 
 
Amendments to the Delah Coffee Franchise and Development Agreement 
 
In recognition of the requirements of the New York General Business Law, Article 33, Sections 680 through 
695, and of the regulations promulgated thereunder (N.Y. Comp. Code R. & Regs., tit. 13, §§ 200.1 through 
201.16), the parties to the attached Delah Coffee Franchising, LLC Franchise Agreement (the “Franchise 
Agreement”) and, if Franchisor and Franchisee both sign the Delah Coffee Franchising, LLC Multi-Unit 
Development Agreement (the “Development Agreement”), as follows: 
 
1. Under Article 14.C of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading “Conditions for Approval of 
Transfer,” the subarticle 14.C(6) is supplemented with the addition of the following language: 
 
; provided, however, that all rights and causes of action arising in favor of Franchisee from the 
provisions of New York General Business Law Sections 680-695 and the regulations issued thereunder, 
shall remain in force; it being the intent of this provision that the non-waiver provisions of N.Y. Gen. 
Bus. Law Sections 687.4 and 687.5 be satisfied. 
 
2. Under Article 15.B of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading “Conditions for Renewal,” the 
subarticle 15.B(8) is supplemented with the addition of the following language: 
 
; provided, however, that all rights and causes of action arising in favor of Franchisee from the 
provisions of New York General Business Law Sections 680-695 and the regulations issued thereunder, 
shall remain in force; it being the intent of this provision that the non-waiver provisions of N.Y. Gen. 
Bus. Law Sections 687.4 and 687.5 be satisfied. 
 
3. Article 18 of the Franchise Agreement and, if Franchisee executes a Development Agreement, Section 7 
of the Development Agreement, under the heading “Enforcement and Construction,” shall be supplemented 
by the addition of the following new subarticle 18.Z. to the Franchise Agreement and Section 7.24 of the 
Development Agreement: 
 
Nothing in this Agreement should be considered a waiver of any right conferred upon franchisee by 
New York General Business Law, Sections 680-695. 
 
4. There are circumstances in which an offering made by Delah Coffee Franchising, LLC would not fall 
within the scope of the New York General Business Law, Article 33, such as when the offer and acceptance 
occurred outside the State of New York.  However, an offer or sale is deemed made in New York if you 
are domiciled in New York or the Outlet will be opening in New York. Delah Coffee Franchising, LLC is 
required to furnish a New York prospectus to every prospective franchisee who is protected under the New 
York General Business Law, Article 33. 
 
5. Each provision of this amendment shall be effective only to the extent, with respect to such provision, 
that the jurisdictional requirements of the New York General Business Law, are met independently without 
reference to this amendment. 
 
6.  No statement, questionnaire or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with 
the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of: (i) waiving any claims under any 
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
 
[SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW] 
 
 
