 
18 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
Document, the Operations Manual consists of 166 pages and the table of contents to the Operations Manual 
is attached as Exhibit C to this Disclosure Document (Franchise Agreement, Article 4). The major subjects 
contained in the Operations Manual consists of establishing, developing, marketing and operating the 
Franchised Business; 
 
5. Site Review, Approval and Designated Territory – We will review the proposed site that you select for 
your Shop and will notify you of our approval or disapproval. Once you select a site that we approve for 
the location of your Shop we will designate your Designated Territory. However, if you negotiate and we 
agree to designate and grant to you a Designated Territory prior to your selection of a Shop, then you must 
locate your Shop within the Designated Territory and at a site that we approve. You must obtain our 
approval of your Shop Location. Additional information about site selection is discussed in more detail 
below in this Item 11; 
 
6. Approved Suppliers and Distributors – We will provide you with a list of our approved suppliers and 
distributors, either as part of the Operations Manual or otherwise in writing. (Franchise Agreement, Articles 
3 and 4); 
 
7. Signs, Equipment, Furniture, and Fixtures – We will provide you with a list of our approved signage, 
equipment, furniture and fixtures, either as part of the Operations Manual or otherwise in writing and we 
will review and approve, in our discretion, your proposed signage, equipment, furniture and fixtures. We 
do not provide assistance in delivering or installing signs, equipment, furniture, or fixtures. (Franchise 
Agreement, Articles 3 and 4); 
 
8. Website and Digital Media – We will identify your Shop on our website. You may not use any websites, 
web-based media or digital media unless expressly approved by us in writing. We strictly control how you 
may or may not use websites and digital media and you must assign all website media and digital media 
accounts to us. (Franchise Agreement, Articles 3.G. and 9); and 
 
9. Initial Training – Not less than 45 days prior to the opening of your Shop you or your Managing Owner 
and one management level employee or Owner must attend and complete our initial training program. We 
will provide you, and up to one of your designated managers, with training in accordance with our initial 
training program. (Franchise Agreement, Article 4). Our current training program is to be attended by you, 
or if you are a Corporate Entity, your Managing Owner and one Operating Manager at our training facilities 
located Pleasanton, California and San Francisco, California. The training program takes place over an 
approximate two-week period and is described below in this Item 11 in more detail. 
 
Site Selection 
Although you are responsible for selecting a site for your Shop Location you must obtain our approval of 
your Shop Location. We do not typically own or lease the real property that will serve as your Shop 
Location, and you are responsible for all costs and expenses in locating and evaluating proposed sites and 
the demographic data associated with your proposed sites. Before you enter into a lease or other agreement 
for your Shop Location you must obtain our approval. We will provide you with site selection guidelines. 
If your Franchise Agreement specifies and designates a Designated Territory, your Shop Location must be 
located within your Designated Territory at a site that we approve. If you sign a Multi-Unit Development 
Agreement then each Shop Location must be located within the Development Area designated in the Multi-
Unit Development Agreement and, as applicable, at sites that we approve within the Development Area. 
Your rights in your Shop Location must be subordinate to our rights as set forth in the Lease Agreement 
Rider attached as Exhibit 4 to the Franchise Agreement and the Collateral Assignment of Lease attached as 
Exhibit 5 to the Franchise Agreement. 
 
