 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
11 
 
(i) All matters relating to arbitration, will be governed by the United States Federal Arbitration Act, 
except as expressly or otherwise set forth in this Agreement; 
 
(ii) The arbitration hearing shall be conducted within 180 days of the demand for arbitration; 
 
(iii) The arbitrator shall render written findings of fact and conclusions of law; 
 
(iv) Except as may be otherwise required and/or prohibited by this Agreement, the arbitrator has the 
right to award or include in his or her award any relief that he or she determines to be proper, including 
monetary damages, interest on unpaid sums, specific performance, injunctive relief, attorneys’ fees, 
and costs and expenses as allowable under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, under no 
circumstance shall the Arbitrator be authorized to award or declare the Licensed Marks to be generic 
or invalid; and 
 
(v) Judgment upon the arbitrator’s award may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. 
 
(b) Consent to Jurisdiction and Venue – You agree that any judicial action or legal proceeding 
must be brought in a court of competent jurisdiction located within California and within 
Alameda County or the county closest to Alameda County. You do hereby irrevocably consent to 
and waive any objection to such jurisdiction or venue. Without limitation to the foregoing and 
notwithstanding same, you agree that we, at our election, may bring any legal action or 
proceeding seeking a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction, or any action seeking 
our enforcement of an arbitration award or any judicial decision in the federal or state court 
located in the county and state where you reside. 
 
(c) Acknowledgment as to Cross-Default – You agree that a breach of this Agreement by you shall 
constitute a material event of default under the Franchise Agreement, permitting us, among other things, 
to terminate the Franchise Agreement in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 
8. Miscellaneous. 
 
(a) If either party hires an attorney or files suit against the other party in relating to and alleging a 
breach of this Agreement, the losing party agrees to pay the prevailing party’s reasonable attorneys’ 
fees and costs incurred in connection with such breach. 
 
(b) This Agreement will be governed by, construed and enforced under the laws of California and the 
courts in that state shall have jurisdiction over any legal proceedings arising out of this Agreement. 
(c) Any claim, defense or cause of action that you may have against us or against Franchisee, regardless 
of cause or origin, cannot be used as a defense against our enforcement of this Agreement. 
(d) Each section of this Agreement, including each subsection and portion thereof, is severable. In the 
event that any section, subsection or portion of this Agreement is unenforceable, it shall not affect the 
enforceability of any other section, subsection or portion; and each party to this Agreement agrees that the 
court may impose such limitations on the terms of this Agreement as it deems in its discretion necessary 
to make such terms reasonable in scope, duration and geographic area.  
(e) You agree that we may deliver to you any notice or other communication contemplated by this 
Agreement in the same manner and to the same address listed in the notice provisions of the Franchise 
Agreement and any such delivery shall be deemed effective for purposes of this Agreement. You may 
