 
2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
“Actual Business Commencement Date” means the date of the grand opening of the Franchised 
Business and/or the date upon which the Franchised Business is open to the public. 
 
“Additional Initial Training Fee” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 4.A. of this 
Agreement. 
 
“Advertising Contributions” means any and all obligations of Franchisee to contribute to or pay fees 
to Franchisor, Franchisor’s affiliate and/or designees as set forth in this Agreement including, but not 
limited to, the Brand Development Fund Fee set forth in Article 9.A. of this Agreement. 
 
“Advertising Cooperative” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 9.F. of this 
Agreement.  
 
“Alternative Channels of Distribution” means wholesale, and/or retail stores, outlets, supermarkets, 
grocery stores, E-Commerce marketplaces, E-Commerce channels of distribution, internet based direct 
sales channels, and other outlets that do not include Shops.  
 
“Ancillary Agreements” means, individually and collectively, each and every agreement between: (a) 
Franchisor and Franchisee, but not including this Agreement; (b) Franchisor and each of Franchisee’s 
Owners, whether individually and/or collectively; and (c) Franchisor and each Spouse of Franchisee’s 
Owners, whether individually and/or collectively. Without limitation to the foregoing, the term 
Ancillary Agreements includes the Owner and Spouse Agreement and Guaranty, Lease Agreement 
Rider, Collateral Assignment of Lease, and the Assignment of Telephone Numbers and Digital Media 
Accounts, as said agreements, individually and/or collectively, may have been entered into between the 
foregoing parties. 
 
“Annual Conference Attendance Fee” means an annual conference attendance fee to be paid by 
Franchisee to Franchisor in an amount determined by Franchisor but not to exceeding $1,500 annually. 
 
“Annual System Conference” means a conference that may be established and organized by 
Franchisor for the purpose of facilitating networking among Delah Coffee Shop franchisees, and 
general education. Franchisor shall designate and determine whether or not an Annual System 
Conference shall occur and, if one is established in any particular year, the dates, content and location 
of the Annual System Conference. The Annual System Conference shall be for a duration of not more 
than three consecutive days per calendar year. Franchisee is responsible for all costs and expenses 
associated with Franchisee’s travel to and attendance at the Annual System Conference. 
 
“Approved Products and Services” shall have the meaning defined in the “Recitals” section of this 
Agreement and shall further refer to and mean those products and services that Franchisor authorizes 
for sale by Delah Coffee Shops. Franchisor shall exclusively designate and determine the Approved 
Products and Services and Franchisor, in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment, may change, 
modify, reduce, or supplement the Approved Products and Services that must be offered and sold by 
the Franchised Business and those products and services that may not be sold by the Franchised 
Business. The Operations Manual, subject to changes that Franchisor may make from time to time and 
Franchisor’s right to change and modify the Approved Products and Services, shall designate the 
Approved Products and Services that must be offered and sold by the Franchised Business. The 
Franchised Business may only offer and sell the Approved Products and Services. 
 
“Assignment of Telephone Numbers and Digital Media Accounts” means the Assignment of 
Telephone Numbers and Digital Media Accounts agreement attached to this Agreement as Exhibit 6. 
