 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
8 
acknowledge that if you did disclose the Know-How to an immediate family member and your 
immediate family member used the Know-How to engage in activities that, for you, qualify as 
Prohibited Activities as defined above, that we and the System will be irreparably harmed. You agree 
that as between you and us that you are in a better position to know if you permitted and/or provide an 
immediate family member with access to the Know-How. Therefore, you agree that you will be 
presumed to have violated the terms of this Agreement if any member of your immediate family (i) 
engages in any Prohibited Activities during any period of time during which you are prohibited from 
engaging in the Prohibited Activities or (ii) uses or discloses the Know-How. However, you may rebut 
this presumption by providing evidence conclusively demonstrating that you did not disclose the Know-
How nor permit disclosure of the Know-How to the family member. 
 
(f) Reasonableness of Covenants and Restrictions. You agree that: (i) the terms of this Agreement are 
reasonable both in time and in scope of geographic area; and (ii) you have sufficient resources and 
business experience and opportunities to earn an adequate living while complying with the terms of 
this Agreement. You waive any right to challenge the terms of this Agreement as being overly 
broad, unreasonable or otherwise unenforceable. Although you and we both believe that the 
covenants in this Agreement are reasonable in terms of scope, duration and geographic are, we may at 
any time unilaterally modify the terms of this Article 4 (Intellectual Property, Brand Protection and 
Non-Competition Covenants and Restrictions) by limiting the scope of the Prohibited Activities, 
narrowing the definition of a Competitive Business, shortening the duration of the Restricted Period, 
reducing the geographic scope of the Restricted Territory and/or reducing the scope of any other 
covenant imposed upon you under this Article 4 to ensure that the terms are enforceable under 
applicable law. 
 
(g) Breach. You agree that failure to comply with these Article 4 Intellectual Property, Brand 
Protection and Non-Competition Covenants and Restrictions will cause irreparable harm to us and/or 
other Shop franchisees for which there is no adequate remedy at law. Therefore, you agree that any 
violation of these covenants will entitle us to injunctive relief.  You agree that we may apply for such 
injunctive relief, without bond, but upon due notice, in addition to such further and other relief as may 
be available at equity or law, and the sole remedy of yours, in the event of the entry of such injunction, 
will be the dissolution of such injunction, if warranted, upon a hearing duly held (all claims for damages 
by reason of the wrongful issuance of any such injunction being expressly waived hereby). If a court 
requires the filing of a bond notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the parties agree that the amount 
of the bond shall not exceed $1,000. None of the remedies available to us under this Article are 
exclusive of any other, but may be combined with others under this Agreement, or at law or in equity, 
including injunctive relief, specific performance and recovery of monetary damages.  
 
5. Transfer Restrictions and Non-Competition Covenants and Restrictions.  
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, you agree that if you are an Owner, 
and/or the Spouse of an Owner, that, prior to Transferring an Owner’s equity and/or ownership interests in 
Franchisee that, among other things, Franchisee must notify us and obtain our written consent. Likewise, 
you agree that under the Franchise Agreement that prior to Franchisee’s Transfer of the Franchise 
Agreement, among other things, Franchisee must notify us and obtain our written consent. For our 
protection and to prevent the subversion of the non-competition covenants contained in Article 4 of this 
Agreement and, to induce us to enter into the Franchise Agreement with Franchisee, you agree, that: 
 
(a) if you are an Owner, should Franchisee fail to properly and timely notify us in writing of the 
proposed Transfer of your equity and/or ownership interests in Franchisee and/or should Franchisee, 
fail to obtain our consent to the proposed Transfer of your equity and/or ownership interests in 
Franchisee (which we may either reject or approve, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 
Franchise Agreement), you shall remain subject to the non-competition covenants contained in Article 
