 
14 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
6. Credit Card Processing – You must use our designated supplier and vendor for credit card processing 
which may be integrated with the point of sale system that we designate. Credit card processing fees 
will, generally, be based on a percentage of all credit card processed Gross Sales. 
 
7. Online Ordering, Customer Rewards, and Gift Cards – You must use our designated supplier and 
vendor for the ability to access and use online, point of sale integrated, web based, and/or app based, 
ordering, customer rewards, and/or gift card systems. Currently our designated vendor for these systems 
is Toast. As you access and utilize these systems you will pay usage fees based on a percentage of your 
processed Gross Sales. 
 
8. Third Party Delivery Services – The operations of your Shop must comply with our policies, 
procedures, requirements and restrictions respecting the use of third party food delivery services and 
third party online ordering services. We may restrict or prohibit your use of and/or participating in third 
party delivery services and/or third party online ordering services. To the extent that we grant you the 
right to use a third party delivery service and/or online ordering service we may require that you do so 
through accounts and/or agreements controlled by us. 
 
9. Branded Items and Marketing Materials – All materials bearing the Licensed Marks (including, but 
not limited to, stationary, business cards, brochures, apparel, signs and displays) must meet our standards 
and specifications and must be purchased from either of us directly or our designated suppliers. All of 
your marketing materials must comply with our standards and specifications and must be approved by 
us before you use them. You may market your Shop through approved digital media and social media 
platforms provided that you do so in accordance with our digital media and social media policies. You 
must purchase all branded marketing materials from either us or our designated exclusive supplier. We 
may require that you exclusively use, at your cost, our designated supplier for social and digital media 
marketing services and exclusively use, at your cost, our social media platforms, vendors and marketing 
channels. 
 
10. Insurance – You must obtain the insurance coverage that we require from time to time as presently 
disclosed in the Operations Manual and as we may modify. All insurance policies required under your 
Franchise Agreement and as set forth in the Franchise Agreement must be written by a responsible 
carrier, reasonably acceptable to us and all insurance (excluding workers’ compensation) must name us, 
our officers, directors, shareholders, partners, agents, representatives and independent contractors as 
additional insureds. The insurance policies must include a provision that the insurance carrier must 
provide us with no less than 30 days’ prior written notice in the event of a material alteration to, or 
cancellation of, any insurance policy. A certificate of insurance must be furnished by you to use at the 
earlier of 90 days after the Effective Date of the Franchise Agreement or prior to the commencement of 
our initial training program. Insurance coverage must be at least as comprehensive as the minimum 
requirements set forth below and in the Franchise Agreement (Franchise Agreement, Article 8). You 
must consult your carrier representative to determine the level of coverage necessary for the Franchised 
Business. Higher exposures may require higher limits. 
 
Insurance Requirements 
 
a) Coverage against direct physical loss or damage to real and personal property, including 
improvements and betterments, written on a special form peril basis, including flood and earthquake, 
if the relevant property is situated in a flood or earthquake zone, in an amount equal to 100% of the 
Franchised Business’ property value and with a deductible not more than $5,000; 
 
b) Comprehensive general liability insurance, written on an occurrence basis, extended to include 
contractual liability, products and completed operations, and personal and advertising injury, with a 
