 
22 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
Shop will be located. (Franchise Agreement, Article 9.A.). We may use the Brand Development Fund to 
develop and test various media and technologies for potential use and/or improvement of the operations of 
Shops and the marketing of Shops. These technology developments and/or improvements may relate, 
among other things, to our website and to the interaction and potential enhancement of web offerings that 
may or may not be implemented on behalf of Shops. You may or may not benefit from these technology 
developments and improvements. The Brand Development Fund will be uniformly imposed upon all 
franchisees. (Franchise Agreement, Article 9.A.). 
 
We may use the Brand Development Fund to compensate ourselves for administrative fees associated with 
managing the Brand Development Fund and for our internal employee salaries, expenses and overhead 
associated with or reasonably allocated to managing the activities of the Brand Development Fund and 
performing services on behalf of the Brand Development Fund including, but not limited to, directing, 
developing and managing media of the Brand Development Fund. We will not use the Brand Development 
Fund to directly market the sale of Shops but may do so indirectly by requiring and including information 
as to the availability of Shop franchises for sale and contact information for franchise inquiries on and 
within advertising, marketing and brand development materials, including the System website, developed 
with the Brand Development Funds. 
 
We have not established and do not currently require any contribution to a Brand Development Fund, but 
we intend to do so in the future; 
 
5. Local and Regional Advertising Cooperative – We possess the exclusive right to authorize, establish, 
designate and de-authorize a local or regional advertising cooperative within those markets that we 
designate. We will exclusively determine the geographic and other boundaries constituting each respective 
cooperative and factors that we will consider include media markets including print, television and digital. 
If we establish a cooperative within a market that includes your Shop you must contribute to the cooperative 
in such amounts and frequency as determined by the cooperative. Members of the cooperative will be 
responsible for administering the cooperative, including determining the amount of contributions, 
marketing expenditures and allocations. However, we may require that cooperative decisions be made based 
on approval of a simple majority of franchisee members based on one vote per Shop located and a quorum 
of not less than 25% of the designated franchisee cooperative members. If a cooperative exceeds nine 
franchisee members we may require that the cooperative establish formal governing documents. Each 
cooperative must prepare annual unaudited financial statements that must be provided to each cooperative 
member for review. We reserve the right to form, change, dissolve, or merge any advertising cooperative. 
If we elect to form a local or regional cooperative or if a cooperative already exists as to the area of your 
Shop, you will be required to participate in the cooperative in accordance with the provisions of our 
Operations Manual which we may supplement and modify from time to time. You will not be required to 
make contributions to a Local or Regional Advertising Cooperative in amounts exceeding the local 
minimum requirement. 
 
As of the Issuance Date of this Disclosure Document we have not established any local or regional 
advertising cooperatives but reserve the right to do so in the future; and 
 
6. Advertising Council – We have not established an advertising council but reserve the right to do so in 
the future. (Franchise Agreement, Article 9.A.). 
 
Computer System 
You must purchase, license and use the computer, point of sale, business management, and ordering systems 
that we designate. Currently, the designated point of sale system that you must license, and use is Toast, 
and as may be otherwise designated by us in the Operations Manual. You are required to purchase and 
operate one configured and licensed point of sale hardware terminal. You must also purchase tablets, which 
