 
27 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
will entitle Franchisor to injunctive relief. Franchisee agrees that Franchisor may apply for such injunctive 
relief, without bond, but upon due notice, in addition to such further and other relief as may be available at 
equity or law, and the sole remedy of Franchisee, in the event of the entry of such injunction, will be the 
dissolution of such injunction, if warranted, upon a hearing duly held (all claims for damages by reason of 
the wrongful issuance of any such injunction being expressly waived hereby). If a court requires the filing 
of a bond notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Franchisee and Franchisor agree that the amount of 
the bond shall not exceed $1,000. Franchisor’s remedies under this Article 6.H. are not exclusive of any 
other, but may be combined with others under this Agreement, or at law or in equity, including injunctive 
relief, specific performance and recovery of monetary damages.  
 
6.I. 
OWNERSHIP OF INNOVATIONS,  IMPROVEMENTS, AND INFORMATION 
Franchisee agrees that with regard to the Franchised Business all customer lists and their contents and 
information represent Confidential Information and constitute an asset of Franchisor whether or not such 
information was supplied by Franchisor. During the Term of this Agreement and in connection with the 
development, establishment, marketing, promotion and operation of the Franchised Business, Franchisee 
shall disclose to Franchisor all of Franchisee’s ideas, concepts, recipes, methods and products conceived or 
developed by Franchisee and Franchisee’s affiliates, Owners, agents, and employees relating to the 
development and operation of Delah Coffee Shops. Franchisee hereby assigns to Franchisor and Franchisee 
agrees to procure from Franchisee’s Owners, affiliates and employees assignment of any such ideas, 
concepts, recipes, methods, and products that Franchisee is required to disclose to Franchisor under this 
Article 6.I. Franchisor shall have no obligation to make any lump sum or on-going payments to Franchisee 
or Franchisee’s Owners, affiliates or employees with respect to any such idea, concept, method, technique 
or product. Franchisee agrees that Franchisee will not use, nor will Franchisee allow any other person or 
entity to use any such concept, method or product without obtaining Franchisor’s prior written approval.  
 
ARTICLE 7 
OPERATING STANDARDS 
 
7.A. 
OPERATIONS, MAINTENANCE, AND APPEARANCE 
At all times, Franchisee and the Franchised Business shall: (a) exclusively offer and sell the Approved 
Products and Services as designated by Franchisor in the Operations Manual and/or as otherwise designated 
by Franchisor in writing and as may be modified by Franchisor from time to time; (b) exclusively operate 
the Shop in accordance with the standards, specifications, and operational requirements as designated by 
Franchisor in this Agreement, the Operations Manual, and/or as otherwise designated by Franchisor in 
writing and as may be modified by Franchisor from time to time; (c) exclusively purchase and use the 
System Supplies as designated by Franchisor in the Operations Manual and as may be modified by 
Franchisor from time to time; (d) maintain a complete and updated inventory and supply of System Supplies 
as designated by Franchisor in the Operations Manual and as may be modified by Franchisor from time to 
time; (e) maintain Franchisee’s Shop Facility in a clean, sanitary, functional and well maintained condition 
and in compliance with all federal, state, and local laws, rules, regulations, and ordinances; (f) maintain, 
Franchisee’s Shop Facility, equipment, furniture, and fixtures as designated by Franchisor in the Operations 
Manual and/or as otherwise designated by Franchisor in writing and, as may be modified by Franchisor 
from time to time; (g) take all requested corrective measures and actions designated and/or requested, in 
writing, by Franchisor and/or Franchisor’s agents following on-site inspections, reviews, and/or 
assessments, including secret shopper programs and other announced or unannounced; and (h) maintain 
and satisfy, as ongoing and continuing obligations, all operational requirements set forth in this Agreement 
including, but not limited to, Articles 3.D. and 3.E. of this Agreement.   
 
7.B. 
UPDATING, REMODELING, AND REDECORATING 
Upon written request of Franchisor, Franchisee must, as specified by Franchisor, update, remodel, 
redecorate, upgrade, add to, and improve Franchisee’s Shop, Shop Facility, equipment, furniture, and 
