 
38 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
ITEM 19 
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS 
 
The FTC’s Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to provide information about the actual or potential financial 
performance of its franchised and/or franchisor-owned outlets if there is a reasonable basis for the 
information and if the information is included in the Disclosure Document. Financial performance 
information that differs from that included in Item 19 may be given only if: (1) a franchisor provides the 
actual records of an existing outlet you are considering buying; or (2) franchisor supplements the 
information provided in this Item 19, for example, by providing information about possible performance at 
a particular location or under particular circumstances. 
 
DEFINITIONS 
 
(a) 
Calendar Year – means, as to each respective year, the 12-month period commencing on January 1 
and ending on December 31. 
 
(b) 
Company Owned Outlet – means an Outlet owned either directly or indirectly by us, our affiliate or 
any person identified in Item 2 of this Disclosure Document. A Company Owned Outlet also includes 
any Outlet that is operated as a joint venture owned in part by us, our affiliate or any person identified 
in Item 2 of this Disclosure Document, or that is managed by us our affiliate or any person identified 
in Item 2. 
 
(c) 
Direct Gross Profit – means Gross Sales less Food Cost, Paper Goods Cost, and Direct Labor Cost. 
Direct Gross Profit is not net profit or income and, except as to Food Cost, Paper Goods Cost, and 
Direct Labor Cost, does not include the deduction of all other expenses incurred by a Shop including, 
but not limited to, marketing expenses, insurance expenses, operating expenses, or general expenses 
including, but not limited to interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, and Franchise Related 
Expenses. 
 
(d) 
Direct Labor Cost – means the gross wages paid to employees in connection with the preparation and 
service of menu items. Direct Labor Cost does not include gross wages paid to general managers and 
assistant managers. Direct Labor Cost does not include compensation paid to an owner operator of 
either a Franchise Outlet or Company Owned Outlet.  
 
(e) 
Disclosed Expenses – means the following select expenses: rent, credit card transaction fees, utilities, 
marketing and advertising.  
 
(f) 
Food Cost – means the direct costs incurred by the Shop for all food and beverage ingredient items 
that are used in preparing a menu item. Food Cost does not include Paper Goods Cost, Direct Labor 
Cost, or other expenses. 
 
(g) 
Franchise Outlet – refers to a Shop operated under a Franchise Agreement that is not a Company 
Owned Outlet. 
 
(h) 
Franchise Related Expenses – means the following select fees currently required under the Franchise 
Agreements: Royalty Fees, Brand Development Fund Fees, Technology Fees, and local marketing 
expenditures. Franchise Related Expenses do not include all fee and payment obligations required 
under a Franchise Agreement. 
 
(i) 
Gross Sales – means the total revenue derived by each Shop less sales tax, discounts, allowances, and 
