 
20 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
2. Initial Training for Replacement Operating Manager(s) – Your Operating Manager must complete, to 
our satisfaction, our initial training program. We will offer and make available to your replacement 
Operating Manager our initial training program which must be complete to our satisfaction. The initial 
training program will be provided by us at the facilities that we designate that, presently, is comprised of 
our corporate locations in Pleasanton, California and San Francisco, California. You will be required to pay 
our then current supplemental training fee for your replacement Operating Manager, currently $300 per 
manager per day for each replacement manager attending our initial training. You will also be responsible 
for all costs incurred by your managers in attending our initial training (Franchise Agreement, Articles 4.A. 
and 7.J.); 
 
3. Communication of Operating Standards – We may establish, update and provide you with consultations 
and communications as to the standards, procedures and System requirements as to the operation of your 
Shop including, but not limited to, Approved Products and Services, System Supplies, marketing and 
promotion standards, and as we may, in our discretion, designate, modify, supplement and amend from 
time to time and as set forth in the Operations Manual which we may, in our discretion, modify from time 
to time. (Franchise Agreement, Articles 4.B. and 4.C.); 
 
4. Marketing Standards and Approval – We may establish, update and communicate to you our standards 
for the marketing and promotion of the Franchised Business including, but not limited to, the marketing 
materials and mediums that you may utilize. We will respond to your request respecting the communication 
of our approval or disapproval of marketing materials and mediums that may be requested by you for use 
in the marketing and promotion of the Franchised Business. We maintain full discretion as to the marketing 
standards and the marketing materials and media that you may use in the marketing and promotion of the 
Franchised Business (Franchise Agreement, Article 4.B.); 
 
5. Approved Vendors – We will provide the names and addresses of approved vendors and suppliers for 
the Approved Products and Services and the System Supplies. (Franchise Agreement, Articles 4.B. and 
4.C.);  
 
6. Annual System Conference – We may, in our discretion, coordinate an annual conference to be attended 
by franchisees of the System that are in good standing. We may charge an annual conference fee not 
exceeding $1,500. You will be responsible for all travel and accommodation expenses associated with your 
attendance at the conference. (Franchise Agreement, Articles 4.B. and 5.C.); 
 
7. Administration of Marketing Funds – We may administer and manage System-wide marketing funds 
comprised of a Brand Development Fund and/or Advertising Cooperative. (Franchise Agreement, Articles 
9.A. and 9.F.); 
 
8. Hiring and Training of Employees – We do not provide assistance with the hiring and training of your 
employees. You will be directly responsible for the management and supervision of your employees. For 
the protection of the System, you must ensure that all employees wear and maintain the proper uniforms 
with our approved System branded apparel and uniforms including, but not limited to, the apparel and 
uniforms comprising System Supplies. You must monitor and ensure that all System Supplies and 
Approved Products and Services are prepared, maintained, and served in accordance with the System 
standards and Operations Manual; and 
 
9. Pricing – As permitted by law, we reserve the right to designate the maximum, minimum, promotional, 
and other prices and promotions that you may charge and offer for menu items and Approved Products and 
Services sold by your Shop (Franchise Agreement, Articles 3.D. and 3.E.). Our designation of pricing is 
not a guarantee that you will achieve a specific level of sales or profitability related to the Approved 
Products and Services. 
