 
36 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
Franchisor, or, at Franchisor’s discretion, be contributed to a Brand Development Fund. All marketing of 
the Franchised Business by Franchisee must be pre-approved, in writing by Franchisor.  
 
Franchisor reserves the right to reject any and all marketing efforts requested by Franchisee and to prescribe 
all marketing, marketing media, marketing channels, promotions, copy, creative, and messaging that 
Franchisee may or may not use in Franchisee’s marketing of the Franchised Business. Franchisee further 
agrees that: 
 
(1) In addition to monthly reports, Franchisee shall provide Franchisor with such other reports 
documenting Franchisee’s marketing initiatives, expenses incurred, placements secured, and other 
metrics and financial information as designated by Franchisor; 
 
(2) Prior to opening the Franchised Business, Franchisee shall submit to Franchisor, Franchisee’s grand 
opening marketing plan for review and approval by Franchisor. Franchisee shall use only those portions 
of its grand opening marketing that are pre-approved by Franchisor and consistent with Franchisor’s 
standards and specifications. Not less than 30 days prior to the opening of the Franchised Business, 
Franchisee shall spend not less than $1,800 to market and promote the grand opening of the Franchised 
Business in accordance with Franchisor’s standards and specifications;  
 
(3) At all times, Franchisee’s marketing efforts and the distribution of each marketing channel and 
media engaged by Franchisee must be directly targeted to Franchisee’s Designated Territory. 
Franchisee shall not direct or target Franchisee’s marketing efforts with the purpose or effect of 
soliciting or attracting customers outside of Franchisee’s Designated Territory. To the extent that 
Franchisee’s marketing efforts involve a marketing medium or distribution channel that is targeted to 
Franchisee’s Designated Territory but reaches outside of and beyond Franchisee’s Designated Territory 
Franchisor, in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment, shall have the right to direct and require 
Franchisee to discontinue such marketing; and 
 
(4) At all times, Franchisee hereby grants to Franchisor the right, without compensation to Franchisee, 
to use Franchisee’s name, address, photograph, biographical information, and financial information 
related to the performance of the Franchised Business in any publication related to the System, 
Franchisee’s operation of the Franchised Business, or Franchisor’s sale of Delah Coffee Shop 
franchises.  
 
9.C. 
REQUIRED FRANCHISOR APPROVAL OF ALL MARKETING 
All marketing and promotion of the Franchised Business and all marketing media, campaigns, marketing 
channels, and efforts used by Franchisee must conform to Franchisor’s standards and specifications as set 
forth in the Operations Manual or, as may be otherwise directed by Franchisor in writing from time to time. 
 
If Franchisee wishes to propose to Franchisor for approval or disapproval marketing or promotional efforts, 
campaigns, and/or media that are not presently and expressly approved and authorized by Franchisor, 
Franchisee shall submit a written request, including samples of all proposed marketing materials and a 
description of the marketing channels and distribution to Franchisor for Franchisor’s approval or 
disapproval, that shall be at the sole discretion of Franchisor, in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business 
Judgment. Provided that Franchisee has satisfied the written notice requirements set forth in this Article 
9.C. and provided that Franchisee otherwise timely responds in writing to any and all requests by Franchisor 
for additional information, if Franchisor does not notify Franchisee that Franchisor disapproves the 
materials within 15 days from the date Franchisor receives the materials, then Franchisee may commence 
using the materials. However, Franchisor may still disapprove such materials by notice to Franchisee, and 
Franchisee must then cease using such materials upon receipt of such notice. Franchisee must not use any 
advertising or promotional materials that Franchisor has disapproved.  
----
