 
23 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
will integrate with our mobile applications and which will facilitate mobile ordering and customer pick-up. 
Additionally, you must purchase and maintain a computer system on-site at your Shop Location. You are 
responsible for maintaining updated and current versions of all software systems designated by us. You are 
responsible for the maintenance and repair of all computer equipment and computer systems that we 
designate and require. Estimated costs for the maintenance, repair and update of the designated computer 
systems ranges from $500 to $1,000 per year. There are no contractual obligations imposed on us to 
maintain, repair, update, or upgrade your computer systems. You are required to provide us with 
independent access to all of the information and data that is transacted, collected, and stored by the 
Franchised Business on the Business Management Systems, your computer systems, and otherwise. 
 
Initial Training 
If this is your first Shop we will provide initial training for you, or if you are a Corporate Entity, your 
Managing Owner, plus one designated manager. You or your Managing Owner and your general manager 
must successfully attend and complete the initial training program to our satisfaction no later than 45 days 
before the opening of your Shop. The initial training program takes place over an approximate two-week 
period. If more than two individuals attend initial training you will be charged an additional fee per 
additional persons attending initial training. Although we provide you and your general manager with initial 
training at no additional fee or charge, you will be responsible for paying for all travel expenses and 
employee wages that you incur in your initial training attendance and participation. (Franchise Agreement, 
Article 4). Currently, we provide our initial training program no less frequently than quarterly and on an 
as-needed basis. 
 
TRAINING PROGRAM 
The following table summarizes the subjects covered in our initial training program: 
 
 
Subject 
Hours of 
Classroom 
Training 
Hours of 
On-the-Job 
Training 
 
Location 
Orientation,  History of our Brand, 
Understanding Delah Coffee 
3 
0 
Pleasanton or San Fra, California 
Marketing, Advertising, Customer 
Service 
4 
0 
San Francisco, California 
Food Safety and Store Visit Report 
0 
10 
San Francisco, California 
Opening and Closing 
0 
2 
San Francisco, California 
In Store Training and Inventory 
0 
40 
San Francisco, California 
Leadership Skill/Maintenance 
0 
5 
San Francisco, California 
In Store training 
0 
16 
San Francisco, California 
 
Subtotal Hours 
7 
73 
 
Total Hours 
80  
 
 
 
 
Instructional materials that will be used in the initial training process includes our Operations Manual, live 
instruction, and handouts. Initial training will be conducted under the direction and supervision of our 
District Manager and Franchisee Trainer, Omar Jahamee. Since June 2022 and continuing to date, Omar 
Jahamee has served as Manager of our affiliate owned Delah Coffee Shop located in San Francisco, 
California. Since February 2023, Omar Jahamee has served as Owner and Manager of our affiliate owned 
Delah Coffee Shop located in Oakland, California. Since July 2024, Omar Jahamee has served as Manager 
of our second affiliate owned Delah Coffee Shop located in San Francisco, California. The level of 
experience of our trainers will, at a minimum, include each trainer’s satisfactory completion of our initial 
training program. In addition to initial training, you will also be required to participate in and satisfy all 
