 
27 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
Mark 
 
Serial Number for Registration 
Application Filed with USPTO 
Application 
 
Application Type 
Application Date 
 
97524534 
1A 
July 28, 2022 
  
97524668 
1A 
July 28, 2022 
 
As to our principal trademarks there are no currently effective material determinations by the USPTO, the 
Trademark Trial and Appeal Board, any court, or the trademark administrator of any state. On October 19, 
2023, Notice of Oppositions was filed in the USPTO Trademark Trial and Appeal Board with respect to 
our application to register Serial Nos. 97524668 and 97524534. In the Notice of Opposition, Opposer 
alleged that Serial No. 97524668 and 97524534 were confusingly similar to a trademark filed by Opposer 
with the USPTO, Serial No. 97553214 (Dellah Coffee & Brunch House), and that Opposer had used its 
mark prior to ours. On November 24, 2023 we filed Answers denying Opposer’s allegations. Other than 
the foregoing, there are no pending infringement, opposition or cancellation proceedings and no pending 
litigation involving our principal marks. Other than the foregoing, we know of no superior rights or 
infringing uses that could materially affect your use of our principal marks or other related rights in any 
state.    
 
You are required to provide us with written notice of any claims that you may become aware of respecting 
the Licensed Marks including your use of the Licensed Marks and/or any claim associated with a third 
party’s use of a trademark that is identical or confusingly similar to the Licensed Marks. We maintain the 
exclusive discretion to take any and all actions, or to refrain from any action, that we believe to be 
appropriate in response to any trademark infringement, challenge or claim. As between us, we possess the 
sole right to exclusively control any and all litigation, legal proceedings, administrative proceedings and/or 
settlement(s) involving any actual or alleged infringement, challenge or claim relating to the Licensed 
Marks. You must sign all documents, instruments and agreements and undertake the actions that we, with 
the advice of our legal counsel, determine to be necessary or advisable for the protection and/or maintenance 
of our interests in the Licensed Marks in any legal proceeding, administrative proceeding or as may be 
otherwise determined by us. As to the foregoing, we will reimburse you for the reasonable out-of-pocket 
administrative expenses that you incur and pay in complying with our written instructions. 
 
We will protect your right to use the Licensed Marks and other related rights and to protect you against 
claims of infringement and unfair competition related to the Licensed Marks, provided that you use the 
Licensed Marks in accordance with the terms of your Franchise Agreement, as designated by us in the 
Operations Manual, and otherwise, as we instruct you. We will indemnify you against direct damages for 
trademark infringement in a proceeding arising out of your use of the Licensed Marks, provided your use 
of the Licensed Marks comply with the terms of your Franchise Agreement, the Operations Manual, our 
written instructions and, that you have timely notified us of the claim, have given us sole control of the 
defense and settlement of the claim, and you are in compliance with your Franchise Agreement and, if 
DELAH COFFEE 
~ 
DELAH COFFEE 
AUTHENTIC ARABIC COFFEE 
