 
37 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
r. 
Non-competition covenants 
after the franchise is terminated 
or expires 
 
Not 
applicable 
Not applicable as to Multi-Unit Development Agreement. 
However, each Shop developed pursuant to Multi-Unit 
Development Agreement will be subject to non-competition 
covenants set forth in each respective Franchise Agreement. 
 
s. 
Modification of the agreement 
 
5.3, 7.11 
Only by written agreement between you and us or if 
governing law requires a modification. We can change the 
form of the Franchise Agreement for future Shops which will 
not alter your obligations under the Multi-Unit Development 
Agreement. 
 
t. 
Integration/merger clauses 
7.12 
 
The Multi-Unit Development Agreement is the entire 
agreement between you and us relating to the development of 
the Exclusive Territory. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
nothing in any agreement is intended to disclaim the express 
representations made in the Franchise Disclosure Document, 
its exhibits and amendments. 
 
u. 
Dispute resolution by arbitration 
or mediation 
 
7.5, 7.6 
Except for certain claims for injunctive relief, all disputes 
must first be submitted to non-binding mediation in Alameda 
County, California and, if mediation is unsuccessful, then to 
binding arbitration in Alameda County, California. This 
provision is subject to applicable state law. 
 
v. 
Choice of forum 
7.5, 7.6 
All mediation, arbitration and, if applicable, litigation 
proceedings must be conducted in, or closest to, State court of 
general jurisdiction that is within or closest to Alameda 
County, California or, if appropriate, the United States 
District Court nearest to our corporate headquarters at the 
time such action is filed. This provision is subject to 
applicable state law. 
 
w. 
Choice of law 
 
7.5, 7.6 
California law will govern. However, this provision is subject 
to state law and as otherwise disclosed in Exhibit I to this 
Disclosure Document. 
 
 
ITEM 18 
PUBLIC FIGURES 
 
We do not currently use any public figure to promote our franchise. No public figure is currently involved 
in our management. 
 
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
