v 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
 
 
NOTICE REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF MICHIGAN 
 
THE STATE OF MICHIGAN PROHIBITS CERTAIN UNFAIR PROVISIONS THAT ARE 
SOMETIMES IN FRANCHISE DOCUMENTS. IF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING PROVISIONS 
ARE IN THESE FRANCHISE DOCUMENTS, THE PROVISIONS ARE VOID AND CANNOT BE 
ENFORCED AGAINST YOU. 
 
The Michigan Franchise Law states in Sec. 445.1527, Sec.27 that each of the following provisions is void 
and unenforceable if contained in any documents relating to a franchise: 
 
(a) A prohibition on the right of a franchisee to join an association of franchisees. 
 
(b) A requirement that a franchisee assent to a release, assignment, novation, waiver, or estoppel which 
deprives a franchisee of rights and protections provided in this act. This shall not preclude a franchisee, 
after entering into a franchise agreement, from settling any and all claims. 
 
(c) A provision that permits a franchisor to terminate a franchise prior to the expiration of its term except 
for good cause. Good cause shall include the failure of the franchisee to comply with any lawful 
provision of the franchise agreement and to cure such failure after being given written notice thereof 
and a reasonable opportunity, which in no event need be more than 30 days, to cure such failure. 
 
(d) A provision that permits a franchisor to refuse to renew a franchise without fairly compensating the 
franchisee by repurchase or other means for the fair market value at the time of expiration of the 
franchisee’s inventory, supplies, equipment, fixtures, and furnishings. Personalized materials which 
have no value to the franchisor and inventory, supplies, equipment, fixtures, and furnishings not 
reasonably required in the conduct of the franchise business are not subject to compensation. This 
subsection applies only if: (i) the term of the franchise is less than five years and (ii) the franchisee is 
prohibited by the franchise or other agreement from continuing to conduct substantially the same 
business under another trademark, service mark, trade name, logotype, advertising, or other commercial 
symbol in the same area subsequent to the expiration of the franchise or the franchisee does not receive 
at least six months advance notice of franchisor’s intent not to renew the franchise. 
 
(e) A provision that permits the franchisor to refuse to renew a franchise on terms generally available to 
other franchisees of the same class or type under similar circumstances. This section does not require a 
renewal provision. 
 
(f) A provision requiring that arbitration or litigation be conducted outside this state. This shall not 
preclude the franchisee from entering into an agreement, at the time of arbitration, to conduct arbitration 
at a location outside this state. 
 
(g) A provision which permits a franchisor to refuse to permit a transfer of ownership of a franchise, except 
for good cause. This subdivision does not prevent a franchisor from exercising a right of first refusal to 
purchase the franchise. Good cause shall include, but is not limited to: 
 
(i) The failure of the proposed transferee to meet the franchisor’s then current reasonable 
qualifications or standards. 
 
(ii) The fact that the proposed transferee is a competitor of the franchisor or sub-franchisor. 
 
(iii) The unwillingness of the proposed transferee to agree in writing to comply with all lawful 
obligations. 
