 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
14 
 
authorized by all necessary actions of each party, and the signatory to this Agreement for each party has 
been duly and lawfully authorized to execute this Agreement for and on behalf of the party for whom each 
signatory has signed. 
 
7.22 
COUNTERPARTS; ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES; MULTIPLE COPIES 
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, all of which counterparts shall be deemed originals and 
taken together shall constitute a single agreement, and the signature pages of which may be detached from 
the several counterparts and attached to a single copy of this Agreement to physically form a single 
document. 
 
7.23 
JOINT AND SEVERAL LIABILITY 
If Franchisee consists of more than one person or entity, then their liability under this Agreement shall be 
deemed joint and several. 
 
7.24     RECITALS AND REPRESENTATIONS 
The parties acknowledge and agree that the recitals and representations contained on the first page of this 
Agreement are true and accurate, shall constitute a material part of this Agreement, and are hereby fully 
incorporated into the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 
 
SECTION 8 
NOTICES  
 
All written notices and reports permitted or required to be delivered by this Agreement shall be deemed so 
delivered, at the time delivered by hand, one business day after being placed in the hands of a national 
commercial courier service for overnight delivery (properly addressed and with tracking confirmation), or 
three business days after placed in the U.S. mail by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, and 
addressed to the party to be notified at its most current principal business address of which the notifying 
party has been notified. The addresses for the parties set forth in the initial paragraph of this Agreement 
shall be used unless and until a different address has been designated by written notice to the other party. 
Any notice required under this Agreement shall not be deemed effective or given by Franchisee to 
Franchisor unless given in strict compliance with this Agreement. 
 
In all cases where Franchisor’s prior approval is required and no other method or timing for obtaining such 
approval is prescribed, Franchisee shall request such approval in writing, and Franchisor shall respond 
within 10 business days after receiving Franchisee’s written request and all supporting documentation, 
provided if Franchisor does not respond, such request shall be deemed unapproved. Franchisor’s consent 
to, or approval of, any act or request by Franchisee shall be effective only to the extent specifically stated, 
and Franchisor’s consent or approval shall not be deemed to waive, or render unnecessary, consent or 
approval of any other subsequent similar act or request.  
 
 
[SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW] 
 
 
 
 
