 
31 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
 
(5) Franchisee shall, at all times, ensure that all advertising and promotion of the Franchised Business 
by Franchisee is completely factual and, conforms to the highest standards of ethical advertising, and 
is in conformity with Franchisor’s standards and specifications. Franchisee shall refrain from any 
business practice, advertising practice, or personal conduct that may be injurious to Franchisor, the 
System, Delah Coffee Shops, and the Licensed Marks. Franchisor, in Franchisor’s sole discretion, shall 
possess, among other things, the unilateral right to reject any and all advertising relating to the 
Franchised Business, Franchisor, the System, Delah Coffee Shops and/or using the Licensed Marks. 
 
(6) Franchisee and Owners agree to comply with, and/or to assist Franchisor to the fullest extent 
possible in Franchisor’s efforts to comply with Anti-Terrorism Laws (as defined below). In connection 
with such compliance, Franchisee and each Owner certify, represent, and warrant that Franchisee’s or 
any Owner’s property or interests is not subject to being “blocked” under any of the Anti-Terrorism 
Laws, and Franchisee and each Owner are not otherwise in violation of any of the Anti-Terrorism Laws.  
Franchisee further certifies that Franchisee and each Owner are not listed on the Annex to Executive 
Order 13244 (the Annex is available at http://www.treasury.gov) and will not become so listed, hire 
any person so listed, or have dealings with any person so listed. Franchisee agrees to immediately notify 
Franchisor if Franchisee or any Owner become so listed. “Anti-Terrorism Laws” refers to and means 
Executive Order 13224 issued by the President of the United States, the USA PATRIOT Act, and all 
other present and future federal, state and local laws, ordinances, regulations, policies, lists and any 
other requirements of any governmental authority addressing, or in any way relating to, terrorist acts 
and acts of war.  If Franchisee, an Owner, or Franchisee’s employees violate any of the Anti-Terrorism 
Laws and/or become listed on the Annex to Executive Order 13244, then Franchisor may terminate this 
Agreement immediately without prior notice to Franchisee. 
 
In connection with Franchisee’s compliance with the terms of this Article 7.I., if Franchisee discovers, 
learns of, and/or becomes aware of any conflict and/or discrepancy between Franchisee’s obligations under 
this Article 7.I. with Franchisor’s standards and/or specifications as contained in this Agreement, in the 
Operations Manual, and/or as otherwise designated by Franchisor from time to time, Franchisee shall 
immediately notify Franchisor in writing of such discrepancy. In the event of any conflict or ambiguity, 
Franchisor’s determination and/or resolution made by Franchisor, in writing, and, specifically with regard 
to the presented conflict or ambiguity, shall be determinative as between Franchisor and Franchisee and the 
operations of the Franchised Business. 
 
7.J. 
MANAGEMENT OF SHOP 
  
(1) Franchisee agrees that critical to the success of the Franchised Business is the active, continuing 
and substantial personal involvement and hands-on supervision of Franchisee’s Managing Owner. At 
all times, Franchisee’s Delah Coffee Shop must be under the active, continuing and substantial personal 
involvement and hands-on supervision of Franchisee’s Managing Owner. The Managing Owner must 
at all times be actively involved in the operation of the Franchised Business unless Franchisee delegates 
management functions to an authorized Operating Manager who, among other things, satisfactorily 
completed Franchisor’s Training Program and has otherwise meet the criteria and conditions for 
qualification as an Operating Manager. If the Operating Manager is a family member of Franchisee 
and/or an Owner then the Operating Manager must also sign and agree to be bound by the terms of the 
Owner and Spouse Agreement and Guaranty. 
 
(2) Franchisee must, at all times, faithfully, honestly and diligently perform its obligations hereunder, 
and continuously exert its best efforts to promote and enhance the business of the Franchised Business 
and the goodwill of the Licensed Marks.  
 
