 
10 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
include and mean: (a) the Approved Products and Services, System Supplies and the services, 
procedures and systems that are designated by Franchisor, whether presently or in the future, for use in 
connection with the development, establishment, marketing, promotion and operation of a Delah Coffee 
Shop; (b) the Licensed Marks; (c) the Trade Dress; (d) Copyrights; (e) other trade names, service marks, 
signs, and logos, copyrights and trade dress that is designated by Franchisor, whether presently or in 
the future, for use in connection with the development, establishment, marketing, promotion and 
operation of a Delah Coffee Shop; (f) the Operations Manual; (g) Business Management System Data; 
(h) Know-How; (i) Confidential Information; and (j) Digital Media. All determinations as to the system 
including components to the system and modifications and replacements thereto shall be determined 
by Franchisor in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment.  
 
“System Supplies” means, as designate by Franchisor, those ingredients, food products, beverages, 
packaging materials, and supplies used to prepare menu items and Approved Products and Services, 
and, as designated by Franchisor, all other supplies and equipment including, but not limited to, branded 
packaging, paper goods, materials, uniforms, displays, menu boards, merchandise, furniture, fixtures, 
and equipment designated by Franchisor in the Operations Manual and as may be modified and 
supplemented by Franchisor from time to time in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment, as being 
required for the development and operation of the Franchised Business. 
 
“System Website” means the web page and pages located on the world wide web at the 
www.delahcoffee.com URL and shall further include all webpages and subdomains, including those 
that are franchisee and/or geography specific, that are a part of www.delahcoffee.com, or as designated 
by Franchisor being associated with the URL of www.delahcoffee.com and/or Delah Coffee Shops. 
 
“Technology Fee” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 5.C. of this Agreement. 
 
“Term” means the period of time set forth and defined in Article 2.B. of this Agreement, and the 
Renewal Term if Franchisee invokes Franchisee’s renewal rights in accordance with the terms of this 
Agreement. 
 
“Third Party Ordering / Delivery Services” means businesses, Corporate Entities and individuals 
other than Franchisor or Franchisee, that offer and provide, in whole or in part, food delivery services, 
E-Commerce, and/or online ordering services.  
 
“Trade Dress” means the Delah Coffee Shop designs, images, marketing materials, packaging, 
branding and/or branding images which Franchisor authorizes and requires Franchisee to use in 
connection with the operation of the Franchised Business and as may be revised and further developed 
by Franchisor from time to time. 
 
“Training Program” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 4.A. of this Agreement. 
 
“Transfer” means and shall include, without limitation, the following, whether voluntary or 
involuntary, conditional or unconditional, and/or direct or indirect: (a) an assignment, sale, gift, 
transfer, pledge or sub-franchise; (b) the grant of a mortgage, charge, lien or security interest, including, 
without limitation, the grant of a collateral assignment; (c) a merger, consolidation, exchange of shares 
or other ownership interests, issuance of additional ownership interests or securities representing or 
potentially representing ownership interests, or redemption of ownership interests; (d) a sale or 
exchange of voting interests or securities convertible to voting interests, or an agreement granting the 
right to exercise or control the exercise of the voting rights of any holder of ownership interests or to 
control the operations or affairs of Franchisee; and/or (e) the legal and/or equitable transfer and/or sale 
of an Owner’s interests and/or voting rights in Franchisee. 
