 
19 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
Although there is no specified time limit for us to review the proposed site for your Shop Location, we will 
do so within a reasonable time period, not exceeding 30 days of our receipt of your written request for our 
review of a proposed site and your submission to us of the information and documentation that we may 
request. In determining whether to approve or disapprove a proposed site for your Shop Location, factors 
that we take into consideration include: (a) demographic factors, traffic patterns, parking, building 
structures, visibility and available sign locations; (b) characteristics of the proposed site; (c) the location of 
your proposed site relative to your overall Designated Territory and proximity to other Shops, if your 
Designated Territory was previously designated; (d) the location of your proposed site relative to your 
overall Development Area and proximity to other Shops, if you signed a Multi-Unit Development 
Agreement and your Development Area was previously designated; and (e) whether or not the landlord for 
the Shop Location approves of our Lease Agreement Rider in substantially the same form as contained in 
Exhibit 4 of the Franchise Agreement.  
 
Within 120 days of signing your Franchise Agreement you must secure a Shop Location and lease that we 
approve (Franchise Agreement, Article 3.A.). If you do not meet this requirement for any reason, including 
our disapproval of a proposed shop location and/or your failure to find a suitable shop location that we 
approve during the 120 day period, we may terminate your Franchise Agreement without refunding any 
fees to you if you do not cure this default within 30 days of notice from us. It is your obligation to consult 
with government agencies, architects and legal professionals to evaluate and determine that your Shop 
Location permits the establishment and operation of the Franchised Business and that you possess the 
necessary licenses and authority to operate a shop that offers and provides the Approved Products and 
Services. (Franchise Agreement, Articles 2, 3, 7 and 16). 
 
Time to Open 
You may not open your Shop until you have completed our initial training requirements, obtained the 
necessary licensing and authorization from state and regulatory agencies within your Designated Territory, 
obtained and provided us with written proof of the required insurance, and have timely secured a Shop 
Location that we approved.  
 
We estimate that the length of time between the signing of your Franchise Agreement and opening your 
Shop to be approximately six to nine months. Factors that may affect this estimated time period include: 
(a) evaluating and selecting a suitable site for your Shop Location; (b) timeliness of your submission to us 
of information and documentation that we may request in determining whether or not to approve of the site 
for your proposed Shop Location; (c) length of time taken by you to successfully complete our initial 
training program; (d) negotiating and obtaining a suitable lease for your Shop Location that is approved by 
us; (e) obtaining third party lender financing, if necessary; and (f) obtaining the necessary licenses for the 
operation of your Shop. Other factors that may affect this time period include availability of equipment, 
delays associated with equipment installation and the construction and/or installation of your leasehold 
improvements and fixtures. You must open your Shop within 10 months from the effective date of your 
Franchise Agreement, otherwise we may terminate your Franchise Agreement without refunding any fees 
to you. (Franchise Agreement, Article 3.C.). 
 
Post-Opening Obligations 
 
1. Supplemental Training – We may require that you and your Operating Manager participate in 
supplemental on-site training that we may designate and require in our discretion. We may provide, in our 
discretion, supplemental training on-site at your Shop Location. You will be required to pay our then current 
supplemental training fee, currently $300 per on-site trainer per day, plus travel expenses, meals and 
accommodation expenses incurred by us. (Franchise Agreement, Article 4.A.); 
 
