 
2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
Multi-Unit Development Agreement 
If we approve your request, in addition to signing Franchise Agreement in the form attached as Exhibit E, 
you may enter into a Multi-Unit Development Agreement attached to this Disclosure Document as Exhibit 
F, to develop and operate multiple Shops. The total number of Shops that you will be required to develop 
and operate under a Multi-Unit Development Agreement will vary from three Shops to five Shops, as 
negotiated by us at the time of signing the Multi-Unit Development Agreement. Each Shop must be 
developed by you within a designated geographic area (the “Development Area”) and each Shop must be 
developed and operated under the terms of our then current individual unit Franchise Agreement which 
may differ from the Franchise Agreement included in this Disclosure Document. Your Multi-Unit 
Development Agreement will include a development schedule (the “Development Schedule”) containing a 
deadline by which you must develop and open each Shop. Your Development Schedule may vary 
depending on your Development Area and the number of Shops that you are required to develop. 
 
Unless otherwise specified, the information contained in this Disclosure Document applies to single unit 
development under a Franchise Agreement and multi-unit development under a Multi-Unit Development 
Agreement. If you are not contracting for the right to develop multiple Shops, you will not be signing a 
Multi-Unit Development Agreement. Even if you sign a Multi-Unit Development Agreement, you will also 
be signing individual Shop Franchise Agreements with the first Shop Franchise Agreement being the 
Franchise Agreement attached to this Disclosure Document as Exhibit E and signed simultaneous with the 
signing of your Multi-Unit Development Agreement. 
 
Our Affiliates 
 
Delah Coffee IP, LLC 
Our affiliate Delah Coffee IP, LLC is a California limited liability company established on October 21, 
2024. This affiliate maintains a principal business address at 7075 Commerce Circle, Pleasanton, California 
94588. This affiliate is the owner of the Licensed Marks. This affiliate has not in the past and does not now 
offer franchises in any lines of business.   
 
Delah Wholesale Inc. 
Our affiliate Delah Wholesale, Inc. is a California corporation established on April 26, 2024. This affiliate 
maintains a principal place of business at 7075 Commerce Circle, Pleasanton, California 94588. This 
affiliate supplies coffees, teas, branded cups, bags, sleeves, and other ingredients to franchisees. This 
affiliate has not in the past and does not now offer franchises in any line of business. 
 
Adenii Imports Inc. 
Adenii Imports Inc. is a California corporation established on August 15, 2024. This affiliate maintains a 
principal place of business at 7075 Commerce Circle, Pleasanton, California 94588. This affiliate supplies 
evaporated milk to franchisees. This affiliate has not in the past and does not now offer franchises in any 
line of business. 
 
Delah Coffee Inc. 
Our affiliate Delah Coffee, Inc. is a California corporation established on August 19, 2021. This affiliate 
maintains a principal place of business at 370 4th Street, San Francisco, California 94107. Since June 2022,  
this affiliate has owned and operated a Delah Coffee Shop in San Francisco, California that is similar to the 
Franchised Business offered in this Disclosure Document. Since February 2023, this affiliate has owned 
and operated a Delah Coffee Shop in Oakland, California that is similar to the Franchised Business offered 
in this Disclosure Document. This affiliate has not in the past and does not now offer franchises in any line 
of business. 
 
 
