 
24 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
other training programs that we may designate respecting the Franchised Business. (Franchise Agreement, 
Articles 4 and 7.J.).  
 
After the opening of your Shop, we reserve the right to require that you (or your Managing Owner if you 
are a Corporate Entity) attend a system-wide training program (the “System-Wide Training Program”) that 
we may establish in our discretion. If we establish a System-Wide Training Program, the program will be 
offered from our corporate office in San Francisco, California and/or our affiliate owned Shop in 
Pleasanton, California and you will be responsible for all travel and expenses, lodging, food, automobile 
rental expenses, and employee wages that you incur in connection with your attendance. We will not require 
your attendance at a System-Wide Training Program for more than a total of five days in any calendar year. 
 
ITEM 12 
TERRITORY 
 
Your Location 
Under the Franchise Agreement, we will grant to you the right to develop and operate one Shop at a specific 
Shop Location. If the location is not known at the time you sign a Franchise Agreement, then your Shop 
location must be secured by you but subject to our approval.  
 
If we enter into a Multi-Unit Development Agreement with you, we will grant to you the right to develop 
a mutually agreed upon number of Delah Coffee Shops within a specified Development Area and subject 
to the agreed upon Development Schedule. The first Shop that you develop under your Multi-Unit 
Agreement will be governed by the Franchise Agreement. Based on your Development Schedule 
obligations, you must sign our then current Franchise Agreement for all other Shops authorized by your 
Multi-Unit Development Agreement. 
 
Grant of Territory 
Under the Franchise Agreement, once you identify a site that we approve for your Shop Location we will 
designate an area around your site as your designated territory (the “Designated Territory”). While there is 
no minimum size for a designated territory, the scope and size of the area comprising your Designated 
Territory will, generally, be the smaller of a distance of five miles from the Shop Location in all directions 
travelable by road or a territory encompassing a population of 30,000 people as of the date of the Franchise 
Agreement. If your Shop is located within a non-traditional location or a captive market type facility, such 
as a shopping mall, stadium, amusement park, airport, university, or a similar facility with a captive market, 
your Designated Territory may be limited to the physical boundaries of the non-traditional location or 
captive facility. Depending on the demographics and geography we may designate your Designated 
Territory where your Shop is located at the center of the Designated Territory or where your Shop is located 
elsewhere within the Designated Territory. We may identify your Designated Territory by zip code, 
boundary streets, highways, county lines, designated market area, and/or other recognizable demarcations.  
 
If we enter into a Multi-Unit Development, under the Multi-Unit Development Agreement, we will grant 
to you a Development Area. The size of your Development Area will vary significantly from other 
franchisees, will be negotiated at the time of signing your Multi-Unit Development Agreement, will depend 
on your agreed upon Development Schedule, and other factors, including our System development plans, 
and the nature of the market and demographics in which your Development Area is located. 
 
Relocation 
Your right to relocate your Shop is not guaranteed and approval of a request by you to relocate your Shop 
is completely at our discretion. We evaluate relocation requests on a case-by-case basis and consider factors 
such as operational history, the location of other Shops, our expansion plans, the designated territory, 
demographics and other factors that, at the time of a relocation request, are relevant to us. If you sign a 
