 
43 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
to the operations of the Franchised business including, but not limited to, income statement, statement 
of cash flows, balance sheet, and other operational reports designated by Franchisor. The financial 
statements must be prepared by a licensed CPA and in accordance with GAAP and must also reconcile 
Gross Sales per GAAP to Gross Sales per this Agreement; 
 
(4) Tax Returns – Franchisee shall provide to Franchisor, Franchisee’s annual federal, state and local 
tax returns as same are prepared and submitted to the applicable federal, state and local entities. Said 
tax returns shall be submitted to Franchisor within 45 days of Franchisee or Franchisee’s agent filing 
such returns with the applicable federal, state and local entities; and 
 
 
(5) Other Reports – Franchisee shall timely submit to Franchisor, all other forms, reports, records, 
information, and data as Franchisor may reasonably request in writing or as otherwise set forth in the 
Operations Manual.  
 
12.C. REMEDIES FOR NON-COMPLIANCE WITH RECORDS AND REPORTING 
In addition to all other rights afforded to Franchisor under this Agreement, in connection with any, each, 
and every violation of any term, provision, and/or operational requirement as set forth in this Article 12 (a 
“Reporting Violation”), within 14 days of Franchisor’s invoice, Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor a 
reporting non-compliance fee (the “Reporting Non-Compliance Fee”) in the amount of $150 for each and 
every failure to timely submit a report and/or record as set forth in this Article 12. The foregoing does not 
constitute Franchisor’s consent to and/or acquiescence to Reporting Violations. Nothing contained in this 
Article 12.C. shall be interpreted as interfering with and/or negating Franchisor’s rights and remedies as set 
forth in Article 16, and as otherwise set forth in this Agreement. All rights and remedies of Franchisor are 
cumulative and shall be interpreted as cumulative to one another. 
 
ARTICLE 13 
INSPECTION AND AUDITS 
 
13.A. FRANCHISOR’S RIGHT TO INSPECT  
Franchisor has the right at any and all times during business hours, throughout the terms of this Agreement 
and without prior notice to Franchisee to inspect, evaluate, and secret shop Franchisee’s Shop. Franchisee 
shall fully cooperate with representatives of Franchisor making any inspection and permit such 
representatives of Franchisor to take photographs, videos, and/or recordings of the Franchised Business, 
interview employees and customers of the Franchised Business, conduct secret-shopper inspections, and 
other inspections either with or without notice to Franchisee. Franchisor shall undertake reasonable efforts 
to minimize the impact of any inspection on the operations of the Franchised Business.  
 
13.B. 
FRANCHISOR’S RIGHT TO EXAMINE BOOKS AND RECORDS 
Franchisor has the right at any time during business hours, and without prior notice to Franchisee, to 
examine or audit, or cause to be examined or audited by a third party, the business records, cash control 
devices, bookkeeping and accounting records, bank statements, sales and income tax records and returns, 
and other books, statements, and records of the Franchised Business and Franchisee. Franchisee shall 
maintain complete and accurate copies of all such books, statements, records and supporting documents at 
Franchisee’s Shop Facility. Franchisee must fully cooperate with Franchisor, representatives of Franchisor, 
and third parties hired by Franchisor to conduct any such examination or audit. In the event Franchisor’s 
examination of Franchisee’s records reveals that Franchisee underreported any figure to Franchisor by more 
than 2%, then Franchisee shall reimburse to Franchisor, all of Franchisor’s costs in connection with 
Franchisor’s audit/examination. 
 
 
 
