 
20 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
may designate or offer in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment. Franchisor provides instructors 
and training materials for those programs and seminars, but Franchisor reserves the right to assess 
Franchisee reasonable charges for such training. Franchisee is responsible for all expenses Franchisee 
and Franchisee’s employee incurs in connection with attendance and participation in these programs 
and seminars, including, without limitation, the cost of transportation, lodging, meals and any salaries 
and other wages. 
 
(3) Franchisee shall pay all costs and expenses incurred by Franchisee and, those attending training on 
behalf of Franchisee, in connection with Franchisee’s participation in all Training Programs and, 
satisfaction of Franchisee’s Training Program obligations as designated by Franchisor.  
 
(4)  Subject to Franchisor’s approval and agreement, Franchisor may offer supplemental training to 
Franchisee at Franchisee’s Shop Location or, as elected by Franchisor, remotely through online web 
based conferencing (hereinafter referred to as “Supplemental Training”). Franchisor, in Franchisor’s 
Reasonable Business Judgment, reserves the right to reject or approve of any request by Franchisee for 
Supplemental Training. If Franchisor does agree to offer and provide Supplemental Training, 
Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor a supplemental training fee at the rate of $300 per trainer per day 
plus, if applicable, reimbursement of travel and hotel accommodation expenses incurred by Franchisor 
(the “Supplemental Training Fee”). Franchisee agrees that in each instance where Franchisee hires a 
new Operating Manager, and/or Franchisor, in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment, determines 
that Franchisee is not satisfying and/or meeting Franchisor’s operational standards, then, Franchisor 
may require that Franchisee, and/or, as applicable, Franchisee’s Operating Manager participate in and, 
successfully complete, Supplemental Training pay the Supplemental Training Fees designated by 
Franchisor. Supplemental Training Fees shall be pre-paid in advance of training and upon submission 
of invoice by Franchisor to Franchisee. 
 
(5) Franchisor, in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment must approve of all individuals 
attending and participating in the Training Program and all Supplemental Training programs. All 
participants in the Training Program must qualify as either an Owner or Operating Manager and, prior 
to training, among other things, must have executed the Owner and Spouse Agreement and Guaranty 
or the Confidentiality Agreement, respectively. 
 
4.B. 
OPERATING ASSISTANCE 
From time to time and as determined by Franchisor, in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment, 
Franchisor shall advise Franchisee of those applicable standards, procedures and System requirements 
concerning the Franchised Business. Operating assistance may, as determined by Franchisor, in 
Franchisor’s sole discretion, consist of: 
 
(1) Establishing and communicating systems and procedures related to the development and operation 
of the Franchised Business; 
 
(2) Establishing and communicating Approved Products and Services and, as applicable and as 
determined by Franchisor, modifications, if any, to the Approved Products and Services including, but 
not limited to, additions, deletions, and/or changes to the Approved Products and Services; 
 
(3) Designating and communicating System Supplies and, as applicable and as determined by 
Franchisor, modifications, if any, to the System Supplies including, but not limited to, additions, 
deletions, and/or changes to the System Supplies; 
 
(4) Designating and communicating approved and designated suppliers of the Franchised Business and, 
as applicable and as determined by Franchisor, modifications, if any, to approved and designated 
