 
32 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
(3) If, at any time, the Franchised Business is not being managed by a Managing Owner or Operating 
Manager who satisfactorily completed the Training Program, Franchisor is authorized, but is not 
required, to immediately appoint a manager to maintain the operations of the Franchised Business for 
and on behalf of Franchisee. Franchisor’s appointment of a manager of the Franchised Business does 
not relieve Franchisee of its obligations or constitute a waiver of Franchisor’s right to terminate the 
Franchise pursuant to Article 16. Franchisor is not liable for any debts, losses, costs or expenses 
incurred in the operations of the Franchised Business or to any creditor of Franchisee for any products, 
materials, supplies or services purchased by the Franchised Business while it is managed by 
Franchisor’s appointed manager.  Franchisor has the right to charge fees and expenses, as determined 
by Franchisor, in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment, for management services (the 
“Management Service Fees”). Any determination as to whether or not Franchisor may elect to provide 
management services, if any, and the extent of such services, and/or the discontinuation thereof, shall 
be exclusively determined by Franchisor in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment. The 
Management Service Fee shall be immediately payable upon invoice by us. 
 
(4) Franchisee will at all times maintain sufficient working capital to fulfill its obligations under this 
Agreement. 
 
7.K. 
REMEDIES FOR NON-COMPLIANCE WITH OPERATIONAL STANDARDS 
In addition to all other rights afforded to Franchisor under this Agreement, in connection with any, each, 
and every violation of any term, provision, and/or operational requirement as set forth in this Article 7 (an 
“Operations Violation”), within 14 days of Franchisor’s invoice, Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor an 
operations non-compliance fee (the “Operations Non-Compliance Fee”) in the amount of: (a) $1,000 for 
each and every instance / event related to an Operations Violation involving the sale of services and/or 
products that are not Approved Products and Services; (b) $1,000 for each and every instance / event related 
to an Operations Violation involving the failure to exclusively use System Supplies, and/or Franchisor 
designated suppliers; and (c) $450  for all other Operations Violation. Additionally, in each of the foregoing 
instances, within 14 days of Franchisor’s invoice, Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor all costs and expenses 
incurred by Franchisor in connection with any inspections, audits, and/or re-inspections directed and/or 
undertaken by Franchisor for the purpose, as determined by Franchisor in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business 
Judgment, of determining whether or not Franchisee’s Operations Violation has been cured in accordance 
with Franchisor’s standards and specifications. The foregoing does not constitute Franchisor’s consent to 
and/or acquiescence to Operations Violations. Nothing contained in this Article 7.K. shall be interpreted as 
interfering with and/or negating Franchisor’s rights and remedies as set forth in Article 16 and, as otherwise 
set forth in this Agreement. All rights and remedies of Franchisor are cumulative and shall be interpreted 
as cumulative to one another. 
 
ARTICLE 8 
INSURANCE 
 
Franchisee must procure and maintain in full force at all times during the Term of this Agreement, at 
Franchisee’s sole expense, on a primary rather than a participatory basis with Franchisor, an insurance 
policy or policies protecting Franchisee as named insured  and naming, as additional insureds, Franchisor, 
Franchisor’s affiliates, Franchisor’s successors and assigns, and the officers, directors, shareholders, 
partners, agents, representatives, independent contractors and employees of Franchisor against any demand 
or claim with respect to personal injury, death or property damage, or any loss, liability or expense 
whatsoever arising or occurring upon or in connection with the Franchised Business. The policy or policies 
must be written by a responsible carrier or carriers with an AM Best Rating of at least A-, VII and reasonably 
acceptable to Franchisor.  
 
