 
 
 
                                                          Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
 
franchisor will be entitled to a reasonable fee for its evaluation of you and related 
preparatory work performed and expenses actually incurred. 
 
2. Item 6, “Other Fees”, Item 6 is supplemented by the addition of the following: 
 
No consent to termination or liquidated damages shall be required from franchisees in the 
State of North Dakota. 
 
3. Item 17, “Renewal, Termination, Transfer and Dispute Resolution,” Item 17 is supplemented by the 
addition of the following: 
 
A. Any provision requiring a franchisee to sign a general release upon renewal of the 
Franchise Agreement has been determined to be unfair, unjust and inequitable within the 
intent of Section 51-19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law. 
 
B. Any provision requiring a franchisee to consent to termination or liquidation damages 
has been determined to be unfair, unjust and inequitable within the intent of Section 51-
19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law. 
 
C. Covenants restricting competition contrary to Section 9-08-06 of the North Dakota 
Century Code, without further disclosing that such covenants may be subject to this statute, 
are unfair, unjust and inequitable. Covenants not to compete such as those mentioned above 
are generally considered unenforceable in the State of North Dakota. 
 
D. Any provision in the Franchise Agreement requiring a franchisee to agree to the 
arbitration or mediation of disputes at a location that is remote from the site of the 
franchisee’s business has been determined to be unfair, unjust and inequitable within the 
intent of Section 51-19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law. The site of 
arbitration or mediation must be agreeable to all parties and may not be remote from the 
franchisee’s place of business. 
 
E. Any provision in the Franchise Agreement which designates jurisdiction or venue or 
requires the franchisee to agree to jurisdiction or venue in a forum outside of North Dakota 
is void with respect to any cause of action which is otherwise enforceable in North Dakota. 
 
F. Apart from civil liability as set forth in Section 51-19-12 of the N.D.C.C., which is 
limited to violations of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law (registration and 
fraud), the liability of the franchisor to a franchisee is based largely on contract law. Despite 
the fact that those provisions are not contained in the franchise investment law, those 
provisions contain substantive rights intended to be afforded to North Dakota residents and 
it is unfair to franchise investors to require them to waive their rights under North Dakota 
Law. 
 
G. Any provision in the Franchise Agreement requiring that the Franchise Agreement be 
construed according to the laws of a state other than North Dakota are unfair, unjust or 
inequitable within the intent of Section 51-19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise Investment 
Law. 
 
H. Any provision in the Franchise Agreement which requires a franchisee to waive his or 
her right to a jury trial has been determined to be unfair, unjust and inequitable within the 
intent of Section 51-19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law.  
