 
5 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
among other things, the System Website, websites, web based portals, e-commerce platforms, online 
marketplaces, and other platforms related to the marketing, sale, and/or distribution of menu items, 
Approved Products and Services, and/or other products and services.  
 
“Effective Date” shall be the date set forth, defined, and referred to in the first paragraph of this 
Agreement. 
 
“Franchised Business” means the Delah Coffee Shop that Franchisee is required to develop, maintain, 
and operate as part of the System and in accordance with the terms, conditions and obligations set forth 
in this Agreement and the Operations Manual.  
 
“Franchisee’s Shop Facility” means the Shop Facility from which Franchisee develops, operates and 
manages the Franchised Business. Franchisee’s Shop Facility must be located at a Shop Location that 
has been approved by Franchisor. 
 
“Franchisee’s Shop Location” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 2.A. of this 
Agreement. Franchisee’s Shop Location must be designated in accordance with Schedule 1 of this 
Agreement and must be approved by Franchisor, in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment. 
 
“Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment” means, and relates to any and all decisions, actions 
and choices made by Franchisor concerning or relating to this Agreement, the System generally, Delah 
Coffee Shops and/or the Franchised Business where Franchisor undertakes or makes such decision with 
the intention of benefitting or acting in a way that could benefit the System. When making decisions 
and/or taking actions in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment, Franchisor may, in addition to all 
other rights afforded to Franchisor under this Agreement, consider factors, in whole or in part, that 
include: Franchisor’s profits, enhancing the value of the Licensed Marks, increasing customer 
satisfaction, minimizing potential customer confusion as to the Licensed Marks, determining 
designated territory markets, minimizing potential customer confusion as to the location of Delah 
Coffee Shops, expanding brand awareness of the Licensed Marks, implementing marketing and 
accounting control systems, approving products, services, supplies and equipment. Franchisee agrees 
that when a decision, determination, action and/or choice is made by Franchisor in Franchisor’s 
Reasonable Business Judgment that such decision, determination, action or choice shall take 
precedence and prevail, even if other alternatives, determinations, actions and/or choices are reasonable 
or arguably available and/or preferable. Franchisee agrees that in connection with any decision, 
determination, action and/or choice made by Franchisor in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment 
that: (a) Franchisor possesses a legitimate interest in seeking to maximize Franchisor’s profits; (b) 
Franchisor shall not be required to consider Franchisee’s individual economic or business interests as 
compared to the overall System; and (c) should Franchisor economically benefit from such decision, 
determination, action and/or choice that such economic benefit to Franchisor shall not be relevant to 
demonstrating that Franchisor did not exercise reasonable business judgment with regard to 
Franchisor’s obligations under this Agreement and/or with regard to the System. Franchisee agrees that 
neither Franchisee and/or any third party, including, but not limited to, any third party acting as a trier 
of fact, shall substitute Franchisee’s or such third party’s judgment for Franchisor’s Reasonable 
Business Judgment. Franchisee further agrees that should Franchisee challenge Franchisor’s 
Reasonable Business Judgment in any legal proceeding that Franchisee possesses the burden of 
demonstrating, by clear and convincing evidence, that Franchisor failed to exercise Franchisor’s 
Reasonable Business Judgment. 
 
“GAAP” means United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 
 
