 
16 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
offer, redeem, and honor, without the offset to any fees due to Franchisor, all Gift Card and customer loyalty 
programs designated by Franchisor and in accordance with the rules and regulations adopted by Franchisor 
and as may be modified by Franchisor from time to time in Franchisors Reasonable Business Judgment; 
(k) maintain openings and operating hours in conformity with Franchisor’s then current standards and 
requirements, as designated by Franchisor in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment,  respecting, 
among other things, days, hours, and time of Shop operations and service offered to the public, and days, 
times, and holidays for opening and closing; and, without limitation to the foregoing; and (l) be operated in 
conformity with the Operations Manual as such Operations Manual exists as of the Effective Date of this 
Agreement and as the Operations Manual may be modified and supplemented from time to time in the 
future by Franchisor, in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment. At all times Franchisee must maintain 
the necessary licenses and permits and those licenses and permits recommended and/or required by 
Franchisor in connection with Franchisee’s ownership and operation of the Franchised Business. 
 
Franchisee agrees that control over the nature, quality, branding and source of the System Supplies is critical 
to the System and that irrespective of the availability of substitute products, ingredients, supplies, inventory, 
uniforms and/or accessories, Franchisee shall only utilize the System Supplies as designated by Franchisor 
and only from those suppliers approved by Franchisor. Franchisee agrees that in many instances Franchisor 
and/or Franchisor’s affiliates may be or may become the exclusive supplier of System Supplies.  
 
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Article 3.D. or otherwise in this Agreement, Franchise agrees 
that Franchisor possesses the right and discretion, in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment, to grant 
other System franchisees and Delah Coffee Shops variances from System standards, menu item offerings, 
ingredients, supply chain requirements, and operational requirements for the purpose of accommodating 
local or regional consumer preferences, supply chain availability, and/or operational conditions and that 
Franchisor may do so without affording similar variances or rights to Franchisee.  
 
3.E. 
PRICING AND PROMOTIONS 
Where permitted by applicable law and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, Franchisor reserves the right 
to designate and establish, maximum, minimum, promotional, and other pricing requirements that 
Franchisee must comply with respecting prices charged to customers of the Franchised Business and 
promotions that Franchisee may and/or must offer to customers of the Franchised Business. Franchisee 
agrees that Franchisor’s pricing and promotion requirements may change from time to time and may vary 
depending on geography (towns, cities, states, regions) and other factors designated by Franchisor 
including, Franchisor’s designation of any local, regional, or national promotional campaigns. Franchisee 
agrees that Franchisor’s pricing and promotional requirements may directly or indirectly impact 
Franchisee’s  Shop and that Franchisor may designate specific pricing to be included in advertisements and 
promotional materials. Franchisee agrees that nothing contained in this Article 3.E. shall be deemed a 
representation by Franchisor that if Franchisee follows Franchisor’s pricing or promotion requirements that 
Franchisee will generate a profit. Franchisee agrees that pricing and/or promotional requirements 
designated by Franchisor may or may not optimize the revenues or profitability of Franchisee’s Shop. 
Franchisee waives any and all claims related to Franchisor’s establishment of prices charged and/or 
promotions offered at Franchisee’s Shop. At all times, Franchisee agrees to inform Franchisor of all prices 
charged for menu items and all services and/or products offered and sold by Franchisee’s Shop and to 
inform Franchisor of any modifications of Franchisee’s prices and/or promotional offerings. 
 
3.F. 
BUSINESS MANAGEMENT SYSTEM 
Franchisee shall exclusively use the Business Management Systems designated by Franchisor, in 
Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment, and as may be modified, supplemented, or replaced by 
Franchisor from time to time. Franchisee cannot substitute or replace the Business Management System in 
favor of any substitutes or other systems. To the extent that the Business Management System is hosted, 
maintained, licensed or operated by third party suppliers, Franchisee shall purchase, license and maintain 
