 
19 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
irrespective of any dispute and/or controversy between Franchisor and Franchisee and irrespective of any 
contrary instructions of Franchisee. 
 
3.H. 
SHOP RELOCATION  
To the extent that Franchisee wishes to relocate the Franchised Business and, thereby, Franchisee’s Shop 
Location and Franchisee’s Shop Facility, Franchisee must obtain Franchisor’s prior written consent, which 
Franchisor may refuse in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment. Franchisee agrees that if Franchisor 
does consent to the relocation of the Franchised Business, that Franchisor may condition Franchisor’s 
consent to Franchisee’s relocation request on requirements imposed by Franchisor which may include, 
among other things: (a) that the proposed Shop Location meet and satisfy Franchisor’s then current 
standards for Shop Locations; (b) that the proposed Shop Facility  meet and satisfy Franchisor’s then current 
standards for Shop Facilities; (c) that the proposed Shop Facility be constructed and established in 
accordance with Franchisor’s current standards and specifications; (d) that the proposed Shop Location be 
located within Franchisee’s Designated Territory; (e) that the proposed Shop Location (even if it is located 
within the Designated Territory) not be within a close proximity to the Designated Territory and/or Shop 
Location of another Delah Coffee Shop; and (f) that, as to the proposed Shop Facility and proposed Shop 
Location, Franchisee satisfy the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement for Shop Facilities, and 
Shop Locations including, but not limited to, the requirements set forth in Articles 2.A. and 3.B. of this 
Agreement. Franchisee agrees that Franchisor possesses sole discretion as to whether or not Franchisor 
approves of Franchisee’s relocation request. 
 
ARTICLE 4 
TRAINING AND OPERATING ASSISTANCE 
 
4.A. 
INITIAL TRAINING, SUPPLEMENTAL TRAINING AND SYSTEM-WIDE TRAINING 
 
(1) Within 45 days of the earlier of the Scheduled Business Commencement Date or the Actual Business 
Commencement Date, Franchisee’s Managing Owner and one manager must complete, to Franchisor’s 
satisfaction, Franchisor’s initial training program (the “Training Program”). Franchisor will provide 
Franchisee, comprised of Franchisee’s Managing Owner, and one designated manager, with 
Franchisor’s Training Program. If Franchisee would like more than two individuals to attend the initial 
Training Program, subject to Franchisor’s approval, Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor an additional 
fee of $300 per additional person per day attending Initial Training (the “Additional Initial Training 
Fee”). Additional Initial Training Fees shall be pre-paid in advance of training and upon submission of 
invoice by Franchisor to Franchisee. 
 
Prior to opening and commencing the operations of the Franchised Business, the Managing Owner and 
other personnel as designated or determined by Franchisor, must attend and successfully complete the 
Training Program designated by Franchisor. The training may include classroom and on-the-job 
instruction at a location or facility designated by Franchisor, and/or, at the election of Franchisor and 
as determined by Franchisor, in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment, may be conducted 
remotely through online web based conferencing. Following completion of the Training Program, 
Franchisee shall be responsible for the ongoing training of Franchisee’s employees, staff and all other 
employees of the Franchised Business. Said on-going training must conform to Franchisor’s standards 
and specifications. The Training Program shall be structured, configured and established by Franchisor 
from time to time. The Training Program may be structured so that it is offered and completed by 
Franchisee in various phases.   
 
(2) Franchisee or, if Franchisee is a Corporate Entity, Franchisee’s Managing Owner and Manager, at 
Franchisee’s sole cost and expense, must attend and successfully complete all refresher training courses 
or system-wide training courses, additional training programs and seminars as Franchisor periodically 
