 
14 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
with a duration equal to the full Term of this Agreement; (g) is and, at all times, shall be exclusively 
dedicated to the operation of the Franchised Business; (h) is located within the Designated Territory, if 
Franchisor previously designated and approved, in writing, a Designated Territory; and (i) otherwise meets 
the terms and conditions of this Agreement and Franchisor’s standards and specifications.  
 
Franchisee will not lease, purchase or otherwise acquire a proposed Shop Location until such information 
as Franchisor may require as to the proposed Shop Location has been provided to Franchisor by Franchisee 
and, Franchisor has approved the location in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement 
including, but not limited to, Article 2.A. of this Agreement. Franchisor shall respond to Franchisee’s 
request for approval of a proposed Shop Location within a reasonable time period but not exceeding 30 
days following Franchisor’s receipt, from Franchisee, of complete written information about Franchisee’s 
proposed Shop Location. If Franchisor rejects or disapproves Franchisee’s proposed Shop Location, 
Franchisee must nevertheless identify and obtain Franchisor’s approval of a proposed Shop Location within 
the time requirements set forth in this Agreement. Franchisor’s disapproval of a proposed Shop Location 
shall not serve as a basis to extend any deadline or requirement set forth in this Agreement.  
 
Franchisor’s approval of Franchisee’s proposed Shop Location is not and does not constitute a 
representation or warranty by Franchisor of any kind other than that Franchisor does not object to or 
disapprove of Franchisee’s proposed Shop Location. No provision of this Agreement shall be construed or 
interpreted to impose an obligation on Franchisor to locate a Shop Location for the Franchised Business, to 
assist Franchisee in the selection of a suitable Shop Location for the Franchised Business or to provide 
assistance to the Franchisee in the purchase or lease of a Shop Location. If Franchisee leases Franchisee’s 
Shop Location, Franchisee must use Franchisee’s best efforts to ensure that the landlord signs the Lease 
Agreement Rider that is attached to this Agreement as Exhibit 4. If Franchisee’s landlord refuses to sign 
the Lease Agreement Rider in substantially the same form as the attached Exhibit 4, such refusal may 
constitute grounds upon which Franchisor refuses to approve Franchisee’s proposed Shop Location or 
withdraws such approval. 
 
3.B. 
SHOP DEVELOPMENT 
Franchisee shall develop and construct Franchisee’s Shop Facility and Shop Location in accordance with 
Franchisor’s standards and specifications and using only those types of construction materials, decorating 
materials, furniture, fixtures, equipment, trade dress signs, suppliers, advisors and contractors that 
Franchisor has approved in the Operations Manual, in supplements to the Operations Manual or as 
Franchisor otherwise designates and approves of in a writing specifically directed to Franchisee and signed 
by Franchisor.   
 
Franchisee’s Shop Facility and Franchisee’s Shop Location must be constructed and established in 
accordance with Franchisor’s plans and specifications. Promptly after signing a lease or closing on a 
purchase of the premises of Franchisee’s Shop Location, Franchisor shall provide Franchisee with 
Franchisor’s generalized prototype plans and specifications. Prior to constructing, equipping and building 
out Franchisee’s Shop Facility and Franchisee’s Shop Location, Franchisee shall: 
 
(1) Prepare and submit to Franchisor for approval, which approval, specific plans and specifications 
prepared by the design consultants designated or approved by Franchisor and hired by Franchisee, at 
Franchisee’s sole expense, whereby such plans and specifications are prepared specifically for 
Franchisee’s Shop Facility and Franchisee’s Shop Location and shall reflect and comply with 
Franchisor’s generalized plans and specifications and otherwise satisfy the specifications and 
requirements set forth in the Operations Manual. If Franchisor determines, in Franchisor’s Reasonable 
Business Judgment, that any plans are not consistent with Franchisor’s prototype plans and 
specifications, Franchisor may prohibit implementation of the plans and disapprove the plans; 
 
