 
12 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
maximum number is five. You will not be required to pay to us an Initial Franchise Fee at the time of 
signing the Franchise Agreement for each additional Shop.  
 
Note 2: Estimated Initial Investment – This is the estimated initial investment for the development of one 
Delah Coffee Shop under a Franchise Agreement as reflected in Table A of this Item 7.  
 
Note 3: Total Estimate –This estimate is only for the development of one Delah Coffee Shop and, except 
for your first Delah Coffee Shop, this estimate does not include the estimated initial investment that you 
will incur each and every time you develop a Shop as may be authorized under your Multi-Unit 
Development Agreement and pursuant to the terms of each respective Delah Coffee Franchise Agreement. 
 
ITEM 8 
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
 
You may only offer and sell the Approved Products and Services. You may only use those products, 
supplies, equipment, technology systems, and services that we authorize and designate in writing. To ensure 
that our standards and specifications of quality, service and System development are maintained, you must 
operate your Shop in strict conformity with the Franchise Agreement and the methods, standards, 
specifications and sources of supply that we designate and prescribe in the Operations Manual or as we 
may otherwise designate and approve in writing. 
  
Source Restricted Purchases and Leases – Generally 
We require that you purchase or lease certain source restricted goods and services for the development and 
operation of your Shop. Source restricted goods and services are goods and services that must meet our 
specifications and/or that must be purchased from an approved or designated supplier that may include us 
or our affiliates. We may designate a supplier, including ourselves or our affiliates, as the exclusive supplier 
for the System. Our specifications and list of approved and designated suppliers is contained in our 
Operations Manual. We will notify you of any changes to our specifications or list of approved or designated 
suppliers. We may notify you of these changes in various ways, including written or electronic 
correspondence, amendments and updates to our Operations Manual, and other forms of communication. 
We formulate and modify our standards and specifications for products and services based on our industry 
experience and our management decisions as to the overall operation and expansion of the System. If we 
have previously approved a supplier, and their standards fall below our designated standards, we will revoke 
our approval. We will notify you in writing of us revoking our approval. 
 
Suppliers and Supplier Criteria 
We may designate ourselves and our affiliates as exclusive suppliers of source restricted goods and services. 
We may designate ourselves or a third party as the sole and exclusive supplier irrespective of the existence 
of competing suppliers. If, in the Operations Manual, we do not designate a supplier for a particular item, 
you will purchase all such products, supplies and services from suppliers who meet our specifications and 
standards. Our affiliate, Delah Wholesale, Inc. is currently designated as an approved supplier of coffees, 
teas, branded cups, bags, sleeves, and other ingredients. Our affiliate Adenii Imports Inc. is currently an 
approved supplier of evaporated milk. Except for Delah Wholesale Inc. and Adenii Imports Inc., currently, 
we are not, and our affiliates are not approved suppliers of the source restricted goods and services identified 
below. Except as to Delah Wholesale Inc. and Adenii Imports Inc., no officer of ours currently owns an 
interest in any of our designated suppliers. 
 
If you want to purchase or lease a source restricted item from a supplier that has not been previously 
approved or designated by us in writing, you must send us a written request for approval and submit 
additional information, samples, and testing data that we may request. We may charge you a fee equal to 
the costs and expenses that we incur in reviewing and evaluating an alternate supplier, product, and/or 
