 
8 
 
Variable Considerations 
Franchise agreements contain variable considerations in the form of royalty fees and brand development (advertising). 
These fees are based on franchisee sales and are recorded as revenue and recognized as these services are delivered 
because the variable payment relates specifically to the performance obligation of using the license. 
  
Contracts Assets and Liabilities Balances 
The Company incurs costs that are directly attributable to obtaining a contract, for example, commission fees, broker 
fees, and referral fees. Under ASC 606, costs that are directly associated with obtaining a contract are to be capitalized 
and recognized over the term of the agreement. Capitalized costs are included in deferred expenses on the 
accompanying balance sheet. As such, direct franchise license costs are recognized over the franchise and renewal term, 
which is the performance obligation, and is typically the franchise agreement’s term. If a customer is terminated, the 
remaining deferred expense will be recognized to expenses. 
Deferred revenue consists of the remaining initial franchise fees to be amortized over the life of the franchise 
agreements. Deferred revenue is a result of the collection of the initial franchise fee at the time of the signing of the 
franchise agreement and will fluctuate each year based on the number of franchise agreements signed. 
  
The Company didn’t generate any revenue as of the balance sheet date but will be implementing ASC 606 to recognize 
its revenue once a sale has been made.   
 
G. Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
FASB ASU No. 2016-02 – Leases (Topic 842) is effective for the calendar year 2022. The standard requires lessees to 
recognize right-of-use assets and liabilities for most leases with terms longer than twelve months. The Company has 
evaluated the impact of this standard on its financial statements and determined that it doesn’t have any lease that 
meet the requirement to recognize a right-of-use asset and liability because the Company doesn’t have any long-term 
leases. 
  
3. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  
 
The Company maintains its cash balance in U.S. noninterest-bearing transaction accounts which are insured by the 
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to $250,000. On January 02, 2025, the Company’s cash balance didn’t 
exceed the FDIC insurance limits.  
 
The Company considers all cash in the bank and investments in highly liquid debt instruments with maturities of three 
months or less to be cash equivalents. As of January 02, 2025, the Company had approximately $500 in cash in their 
operating bank account. 
 
4. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  
 
Management has evaluated subsequent events through January 13, 2025, which is the date the financial statement was 
available to be issued. The Company did not have any material recognizable subsequent events that would require 
adjustment to, or disclosure in, the financial statement. 
