 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
2 
results, financial performance and other financial data of the Delah Coffee Shop; (c) customer lists and 
information related to the Delah Coffee Shop; (d) Business Management System Data; (e) current and 
future information contained in the Delah Coffee Operations Manual made available to the Delah 
Coffee Shop by Delah Coffee Franchising, LLC; and (f) recipes, production, cooking, and service 
procedures that are not disclosed to the public but used by the Delah Coffee Shop. 
 
“Digital Media” refers to and means any interactive or static digital document, listing, directory, 
application, advertisement, link, metadata, or media that is transmitted within a closed or private 
network, or that is connected to, in communication with, and/or networked with computers, 
applications, or other devices linked by communications systems, data systems, a part of the world wide 
web including, www.delahcoffee.com, traditional websites, web based applications, distributed 
databases, including, blockchain, software applications, smart phone applications, or social media 
platforms such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter/X, Pinterest, Instagram, SnapChat, TikTok, and 
YouTube, that refers, references, identifies, reviews, promotes and/or relates, in any way, to, Delah 
Coffee Shops.  
 
“Licensed Marks” refers to and means the word marks, trademarks, service marks, and logos now or 
hereafter utilized in the operation of a Delah Coffee Shop, including, but not limited to, the “Delah 
Coffee” word mark, associated logos, and any other trademarks, service marks or trade names that we 
designate for use in a Delah Coffee Shop. 
 
“Operations Manual” refers to and means the confidential Operations Manual made available to the 
Delah Coffee Shop by our franchisor or as otherwise designated by us. The Operations Manual may 
consist of one or more volumes, handbooks, manuals, written materials, video, electronic media files, 
cloud/internet based list-service, intra-net, internet based and accessed databases, computer media, 
webinars and other materials as may be modified, added to, replaced or supplemented.  
 
“Trade Dress” refers to and means the Delah Coffee designs, images, marketing materials, packaging, 
branding and/or branding images used in connection with the operation of the Delah Coffee Shop. 
 
3. Your Access to Confidential Information. In addition to the representations and acknowledgments 
contained in the Recitals and Representations, above, you acknowledge and represent that in your capacity 
as an employee, independent contractor, officer and/or director of the Delah Coffee Shop that you will be 
gaining access to, among other things, the Confidential Information. You acknowledge that the terms of 
this Agreement are fair and reasonable. 
 
4. Protection of the Confidential Information. You agree that: (i) you will not use the Confidential 
Information in any business or capacity other than the Delah Coffee Shop; (ii) you will maintain the 
confidentiality of the Confidential Information at all times; (iii) you will not make unauthorized copies of 
documents containing the Confidential Information; (iv) you will take such reasonable steps as the we may 
ask of you from time to time to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of the Confidential Information; and 
(v) you will stop using the Confidential Information immediately at our request or demand. You will not 
use the Confidential Information for any purpose other than for the performance of your duties on behalf 
of us and in accordance with the scope of your work with us. 
 
5. Reasonableness of Covenants and Restrictions. You agree that: the terms of this Agreement are 
reasonable and fair and that you have sufficient resources and business experience and opportunities to earn 
an adequate living while complying with the terms of this Agreement. You hereby waive any right to 
challenge the terms of this Agreement as being overly broad, unreasonable or otherwise 
unenforceable.  
 
