 
39 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
any damages to any person or property directly or indirectly arising out of the operation of the Franchised 
Business, whether or not caused by Franchisee’s negligent, willful act or failure to act. Franchisor shall 
have no liability for any sales, use, excise, gross receipts, property or other taxes, whether levied upon 
Franchisee, the Franchised Business or its assets, or upon Franchisor in connection with sales made, 
services performed, or business conducted by Franchisee.  
 
At all times, Franchisee will be, is, and shall remain the sole and exclusive employer of all employees of 
the Franchised Business. Franchisor is not a joint employer, and nothing contained in this Agreement shall 
be interpreted as creating a joint employer relationship. Franchisee possesses the sole right to select, hire 
and discharge Franchisee’s employees. Franchisee is responsible for all decisions regarding hiring, firing, 
training, supervising, disciplining, scheduling, paying wages to, and withholding and paying taxes for all 
employees. Franchisee, each Owner, each Spouse, and Franchisee’s officers, directors, manager, agents, 
representatives, independent contractors and employees are not employees, representatives, or agents of 
Franchisor and shall never represent themselves as employees, representatives, or agents of Franchisor.  
 
There is no joint employer relationship between Franchisor and Franchisee or Franchisee’s employees. 
Franchisee’s compliance with all federal, state and local labor laws rules and regulations shall be 
exclusively determined and managed by Franchisee. To the extent that the Operations Manual and/or any 
other communications from Franchisor includes information, specifications, procedures, criteria and/or 
requirements as to employees of the Franchised Business, such requirements shall be interpreted, 
exclusively, for the purpose of maintaining brand standards associated with the System, to protect the good 
will associated with the System, and to ensure System uniformity requirements and standards concerning 
the Approved Products and Services, and under no circumstance shall same relate to the employer-
employee relationship. As to the foregoing issue of joint employer and the non-existence thereof, in the 
event of any inconsistency or conflict between this Agreement and the Operations Manual, the terms of this 
Agreement shall take precedence and govern.  
 
10.B. 
INDEMNIFICATION BY FRANCHISEE 
Franchisee and each Owner shall indemnify, defend through counsel acceptable to Franchisor, and hold 
Franchisor, Franchisor’s affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, shareholders, members, owners, 
partners, agents, representatives, independent contractors, employees, assigns and successors (the 
“Franchisor Indemnified Parties”) harmless from all losses, expenses, claims, causes of action, lawsuits, 
liabilities, taxes, costs, demands, proceedings, investigations, hearings, and/or damages arising out of, or 
relating to, Franchisee’s Shop Facility, Franchisee’s Shop Location, and/or the Franchised Business 
(including, without limitation, the ownership and operation of the Franchised Business), unless such loss, 
expense, claim, cause of action, lawsuit, liability, tax, cost, demand, proceeding, or damage is solely due to 
Franchisor’s gross negligence, and Franchisee shall pay all of the Franchisor Indemnified Parties’ 
reasonable costs, fees and expenses of defending any such claim, cause of action, lawsuit, demand, 
proceeding, investigation, and/or hearing brought against any of the Franchisor Indemnified Parties or any 
such claim, cause of action, lawsuit, demand, proceeding, investigation, and/or hearing in which any of the 
Franchisor Indemnified Parties is named as a party, including, without limitation, reasonable accountant 
fees, attorney fees, and expert witness fees, court costs, deposition fees, travel expenses and other litigation 
expenses. At the expense and risk of Franchisee and each Owner, Franchisor may elect to assume (but is 
not obligated to undertake) the defense and/or settlement of any action, lawsuit, proceeding, claim, or 
demand. Such an election by Franchisor to assume its defense shall not diminish the obligation of 
Franchisee and each Owner to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Franchisor. Franchisee and each Owner 
acknowledge and agree that the terms of this Article 10.B. shall survive the termination, expiration or 
Transfer of this Agreement. Under no circumstances are the Franchisor Indemnified Parties required or 
obligated to seek recovery from third parties or otherwise mitigate their respective losses in order to 
maintain a claim against Franchisee or any Owner. Franchisee and each of the Owners agree that 
Franchisor’s failure to pursue recovery or mitigate loss in no way reduces the amounts recoverable from 
