 
41 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
shall comply with Franchisor’s instructions in filing and maintaining their requisite trade name or fictitious 
name registrations as may be required by applicable law.  
 
11.C. NOTIFICATION OF INFRINGEMENT AND CLAIMS 
Franchisee must notify Franchisor immediately in writing of any apparent infringement of, or challenge to, 
Franchisee’s use of any Licensed Mark and/or the System or of any claim by any person claiming any rights 
in any manner with respect to the Licensed Mark, the System, or any similar trade name, trademark or 
service mark of which Franchisee becomes aware. Franchisee must not communicate with any person other 
than Franchisor and its counsel in connection with any infringement, challenge, or claim by any third party 
to the Licensed Marks and/or the System. Franchisor and/or Franchisor’s licensor shall possess sole and 
complete discretion, in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment, to take any action and/or to refrain 
from taking action, Franchisor and/or Franchisor’s licensor deems appropriate, including, without 
limitation, the right to exclusively control any litigation or administrative proceeding arising out of, or 
relating to, any infringement, challenge, claim or otherwise relating to any Licensed Mark and/or the 
System. Franchisee agrees to execute all documents, render assistance, and take all actions as may be 
necessary or advisable to protect and maintain the interests of Franchisor and/or Franchisor’s licensor in 
any litigation or administrative proceeding or to otherwise protect and maintain, as directed by Franchisor, 
the interests of Franchisor and/or Franchisor’s licensor in the Licensed Marks. Franchisor will reimburse 
Franchisee for reasonable direct expenses incurred by Franchisee in assisting Franchisor in any such 
litigation or administrative proceeding provided Franchisee timely notifies Franchisor of such litigation or 
administrative proceeding, and Franchisee complies with the written instructions of Franchisor respecting 
any such litigation or administrative proceeding.  
 
11.D. DISCONTINUANCE OF USE OF LICENSED MARKS 
Franchisee agrees that at any time should Franchisor determine, in Franchisor’s sole discretion and based 
on Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment, that it is advisable for Franchisor, the System, and/or 
Franchisee to replace, modify, substitute, and/or discontinue use of any Licensed Marks, then Franchisee 
shall comply with Franchisor’s determination and instructions as to the replacement, modification, 
substitution, and/or discontinuance of such Licensed Mark(s).  Franchisee shall comply within the foregoing 
requirements within a reasonable time period after notice by Franchisor. If Franchisee is required to take 
action pursuant to instruction by Franchisor pursuant to this Article 11.D. or, if Franchisee is otherwise 
required to replace, modify, substitute, and/or discontinue use of any Licensed Marks, the sole liability and 
obligation of Franchisor to Franchisee shall be to reimburse Franchisee for the reasonable and direct costs 
incurred by Franchisee in complying with this obligation, which Franchisee shall document to the 
satisfaction of Franchisor. Franchisor maintains the exclusive right, in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business 
Judgment, to, in whole or in part, replace, modify, substitute and/or discontinue any and all features and/or 
components of the Licensed Marks and/or the System at any time. 
 
11.E. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF FRANCHISEE 
If Franchisee is sued in a legal proceeding or is threatened with legal action and/or a notice of infringement 
by a third party where the claims and/or causes of action directly relate to a third party claiming trademark 
infringement, unfair competition, and/or trademark dilution as a result of Franchisee’s use of the Licensed 
Marks in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the System (the “IP Claim”), then Franchisor 
shall indemnify Franchisee for the reasonable and direct costs incurred by Franchisee and/or a judgment 
entered against Franchisee, provided: (i) Franchisee immediately notified Franchisor of the IP Claim by a 
written notice sent to Franchisor via priority overnight courier; (ii) Franchisee provided and afforded 
Franchisor the absolute opportunity and right to defend against the IP Claim and to select and appoint legal 
counsel of Franchisor’s choosing; and (iii) Franchisee utilized the Licensed Marks in accordance with the 
terms of this Agreement and the System. Franchisee agrees that time is of the essence with respect to 
notifying Franchisor of the IP Claim in accordance with this Agreement, including this Article 11.E. 
 
