 
8 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
Note 4: Brand Development Fund – The brand development fund fee is a continuing weekly fee equal to 
an amount of up to 2% of your weekly Gross Sales (the “Brand Development Fund Fee”). Currently we do 
not charge a Brand Development Fund Fee but reserve the right to implement one at any time in the future. 
 
Note 5: Franchisee Directed Local Marketing – On an on-going monthly basis, you must spend not less 
than 1% of your monthly Gross Sales on the local marketing of your Shop within your designated territory 
and in accordance with our standards and specifications.  
 
Note 6: Technology Fee – The continuing monthly technology fee is an administrative fee and is not 
associated with any particular service but is used, at our discretion, to defray some of our costs related to 
system website, intranet, and other technology related expenses that we may designate. Currently we do 
not charge a monthly Technology Fee but reserve the right to implement one at any time in the future 
provided that the monthly Technology Fee shall not exceed $500 per month. 
 
Note 7: Local and Regional Advertising Cooperatives – If two or more Shops are operating within a 
geographic area, region, or market designated by us (a “designated market”), we reserve the right to 
establish and require your participation in a local or regional advertising cooperative within the designated 
market. If a local or regional advertising cooperative is established within a designated market that includes 
your Shop(s), you will be required to participate in the cooperative and make on-going payments to the 
cooperative in such amounts and subject to such caps as established by the cooperative members. We 
anticipate that each Shop franchisee will have one vote for each Shop located within the cooperative market 
and that cooperative decisions shall be made based on approval of a simple majority vote with a quorum of 
not less than 25% of the designated cooperative members. Contributions to a local or regional cooperative 
that we designate will count to the satisfaction of your minimum local marketing requirements and shall 
not exceed the local marketing requirement. 
 
ITEM 7 
ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT 
 
YOUR ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT 
 
A. Franchise Agreement 
 
Type of Expenditure 
 
Amount 
 
Method of 
Payment 
 
When Due 
To Whom  
Payment is Made 
Initial Franchise Fee  
(Note 1) 
 
$35,000 
 
Lump sum 
When Franchise 
Agreement is signed 
Us 
Construction and Leasehold 
Improvements (Note 2) 
 
$110,000 – $175,000 
 
As arranged 
As incurred 
Contractors, suppliers, 
and/or landlord 
Lease Deposits and Rent – 
Three Months (Note 3) 
 
$8,000 – $16,000 
 
As arranged 
As incurred 
Landlord 
Furniture, Fixtures and 
Equipment (Note 4) 
 
$65,000 – $95,000 
As arranged 
As incurred 
Suppliers 
Signage (Note 5) 
 
$4,500 – $12,000 
As arranged 
As incurred 
Suppliers 
