 
37 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
 
9.D. 
WAIVERS OR DEFERRALS 
On written request from Franchisee with reasons supporting such request, Franchisor may, at Franchisor’s 
sole discretion and on conditions Franchisor deems appropriate, temporarily waive or defer the obligations 
of Franchisee under the Brand Development Fund and/or, if applicable, Advertising Cooperative. In no 
event shall such waiver or deferral extend beyond six months. However, at the end of any waiver or deferral 
period, Franchisee may resubmit a request for waiver or deferral of its obligations under the Brand 
Development Fund and/or, if applicable, Advertising Cooperative. Under no circumstance shall Franchisor 
be under any obligation to grant any waiver of deferral. Franchisor may reject Franchisee’s request for a 
waiver or deferral based on any reason or no reason at all and nevertheless grant the request of another 
system franchisee. 
 
9.E. 
DIGITAL MEDIA AND WEBSITE PROHIBITIONS 
Franchisee’s use of Digital Media shall be subject to and require Franchisor’s express written consent which 
shall and may be withheld by Franchisor for any or no reason at all. Without limitation to the foregoing, 
Franchisee possesses no right or authority to utilize Digital Media and Franchisee agrees that Franchisor 
reserves all rights respecting the marketing, sale and distribution of Approved Products and Services 
through Digital Media. Franchisee agrees that all Digital Media and Digital Media accounts associated with 
and/or relating to the Franchised Business and/or the System shall, upon demand of Franchisor, be 
transferred to Franchisor. Upon execution of this Agreement and any and all future dates demanded by 
Franchisor, Franchisee shall execute and deliver to Franchisor the Assignment of Telephone Numbers and 
Digital Media Accounts Agreement attached to this Agreement as Exhibit 6. Franchisee agree that the 
foregoing shall not be interpreted or construed as permitting Franchisee to establish, designate, utilize 
and/or otherwise establish accounts as to Digital Media respecting and/or concerning the Franchised 
Business and/or the System. 
 
9.F. 
ADVERTISING COOPERATIVE 
At all times Franchisor, in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment, possesses the right to authorize, 
establish, designate and de-authorize a local or regional advertising cooperative within those markets that 
Franchisor designates (the “Advertising Cooperative”). Franchisee agrees that Franchisor possesses the sole 
and exclusive right to designate any geographic area in which two or more Shop franchises are located as 
a region for the purpose of establishing an Advertising Cooperative. If Franchisee’s Shop or Designated 
Territory is located within the geographic area of an Advertising Cooperative, franchisee must participate 
in and contribute to the Advertising Cooperative. Franchisee agrees to the following: 
 
(1) If Franchisor previously instituted or, in the future, institutes an Advertising Cooperative that 
includes, in whole or in part, Franchisee’s Designated Territory or Franchisee’s Shop Location, 
Franchisee shall participate in and make such on-going financial contributions to the Advertising 
Cooperative, as determined by the Advertising Cooperative; 
 
(2) Franchisor may establish foundational and organizational requirements of the Advertising 
Cooperative including voting provisions that allows the Advertising Cooperative to make decisions 
based on the simple majority vote (one vote per franchisee Shop located within the designated area of 
the Advertising Cooperative) with a quorum constituting 25% of those franchisees within the 
Advertising Cooperative; 
 
(3) Unless otherwise authorized and approved by Franchisor in writing, each Advertising Cooperative 
shall be organized for the exclusive purpose of administering marketing programs and the development 
of media (all subject to the review and approval of Franchisor) for use by members of the Advertising 
Cooperative in local or regional marketing; 
 
