 
47 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
Shop Location and the assets of the Franchised Business shall be made only in conjunction with a 
Transfer of this Agreement, approved by Franchisor in accordance with and subject to this Article 14 
and the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and 
 
(19) Franchisor’s consent to a Transfer of any interest that is subject to the restrictions of this Agreement 
shall not constitute a waiver of any claims it may have against Franchisee or deemed a waiver of 
Franchisor’s right to demand strict and exact compliance with this Agreement by the transferee.  
 
14.D. DEATH OR DISABILITY OF FRANCHISEE OR AN OWNER 
 
(1) If Franchisee is an individual and not a Corporate Entity, upon the death or permanent disability of 
Franchisee, the executor, administrator, conservator or other personal representative of Franchisee, 
must appoint a manager that meets the equivalent of an Operating Manager within a reasonable time, 
which shall not exceed 30 days from the date of death or permanent disability. The appointed manager 
(as applicable) must serve and qualify as an Operating Manager and attend and successfully complete 
the Training Program within 60 days of the appointment. If Franchisee’s Shop is not being managed 
by a Franchisor approved Operating Manager (as applicable) within 30 days after such death or 
permanent disability, Franchisor is authorized, but is not required, to immediately appoint a manager 
to maintain the operations of Franchisee’s Shop for, and on behalf of, Franchisee at Franchisee’s sole 
costs until an approved Operating Manager is able to assume the management and operation of 
Franchisee’s Shop. Franchisor’s appointment of a manager for Franchisee’s Shop does not relieve 
Franchisee of its obligations under this Agreement, including this Article 14.D., or constitute a waiver 
of Franchisor’s right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Article 16, below. At all times, including 
while Franchisee’s Shop may be managed by Franchisor’s appointed manager, Franchisor shall not be 
liable for any debts, losses, costs, or expenses incurred in the operations of Franchisee’s Shop or to any 
creditor of Franchisee for any products, materials, supplies or services purchased by Franchisee’s Shop. 
Franchisor has the right to charge a reasonable fee for such management services and may cease to 
provide management services at any time. 
 
(2) If Franchisee is a Corporate Entity, upon the death or permanent disability of Franchisee’s Managing 
Owner, the remaining Owners within a reasonable time, which shall not exceed 30 days from the date 
of death or permanent disability must appoint a new Managing Owner that is approved by Franchisor. 
The appointed Managing Owner must attend and successfully complete the Training Program within 
60 days of the appointment. If Franchisee’s Shop is not being managed by a Franchisor approved 
Managing Owner (as applicable) within 30 days after such death or permanent disability, Franchisor is 
authorized, but is not required, to immediately appoint a manager to maintain the operations of 
Franchisee’s Shop for, and on behalf of, Franchisee at Franchisee’s sole costs until an approved 
Managing Owner is able to assume the management and operation of Franchisee’s Shop. Franchisor’s 
appointment of a manager for Franchisee’s Shop does not relieve Franchisee of its obligations under 
this Agreement, including this Article 14.D., or constitute a waiver of Franchisor’s right to terminate 
this Agreement pursuant to Article 16, below. At all times, including while Franchisee’s Shop may be 
managed by Franchisor’s appointed manager, Franchisor shall not be liable for any debts, losses, costs, 
or expenses incurred in the operations of Franchisee’s Shop or to any creditor of Franchisee for any 
products, materials, supplies or services purchased by Franchisee’s Shop. Franchisor has the right to 
charge a reasonable fee for such management services and may cease to provide management services 
at any time.  
 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Franchisee is a Corporate Entity and the Managing Owner is the only 
Owner of Franchisee, then Article 14.D.(1) shall apply as if the Managing Owner were the sole 
individual Franchisee. 
 
