 
33 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
under the Franchise Agreement and all other agreements with 
us; the transferee must agree to be bound by all of the terms 
and provisions of the Franchise Agreement; the transferee’s 
owners and their spouses must personally guarantee all of the 
terms and provisions of the Franchise Agreement; you and 
your Owners and their spouses must sign a general release in 
favor of us; the transfer must provide for the assignment and/or 
ownership of the approved location for the Franchised 
Business, and the transferees continued use and occupancy of 
such location throughout the term of the Franchise Agreement; 
the assets of the Franchised Business must be transferred to the 
transferee; the transferee and the transferee’s owners and 
managers, at the transferee’s expense must complete our 
training programs; we waive our right of first refusal; we 
approve of the transfer and transferee in writing and subject to 
our discretion; and you pay the Transfer Fee (subject to 
applicable state laws). 
 
n. Franchisor’s right of first refusal 
to acquire franchisee’s business 
14.F. 
We have the right to match any offer to purchase your Shop or 
the Corporate Entity operating your Shop. 
  
o. Franchisor’s option to purchase 
franchisee’s business 
 
Not 
applicable 
Not applicable. 
 
p. Death or disability of franchisee 
14.D. 
If you are an individual, within 30 days of the death or 
permanent disability of Franchisee, your executor and/or legal 
representative must appoint an Operating Manager approved 
by us and within 60 days of such appointment the Operating 
Manager must complete, to our satisfaction, our initial training 
program. Within 12 months of the date of death or disability, 
the Franchise Agreement must be transferred to a transferee 
approved by us and otherwise transferred in accordance with 
the terms of the Franchise Agreement. If the franchisee is a 
Corporate Entity, within 30 days of the death or permanent 
disability of your Managing Owner, if there are other Owners, 
must appoint a replacement Operating Manager approved by us 
and within 60 days of such appointment the replacement 
Operating Manager must complete, to our satisfaction, our 
initial training program.  
 
q. Non-competition covenants 
during the term of the franchise 
6 
No involvement in any competitive business and must comply 
with confidentiality, non-disclosure and non-solicitation 
covenants. 
 
r. 
Non-competition covenants after 
the franchise is terminated or 
expires 
6, 17.E. 
No involvement, ownership, or interest whatsoever for 24 
months in any competing business in: your Designated 
Territory; a 25-mile radius of your Designated Territory; a 10-
mile radius of the Designated Territory of any other Shop; and 
you must comply with confidentiality, non-disclosure and non-
solicitation covenants.  
 
