 
26 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
Restricted Period, Franchisee agrees that Franchisee’s Post-Term Restricted Period will be extended by the 
period of time during which Franchisee was engaging in the Prohibited Activity and, any such extension of 
time will not be construed as a waiver of Franchisee’s breach or otherwise impair any of Franchisor’s rights 
or remedies relating to Franchisee’s breach. Franchisee agrees that the foregoing covenants and restrictions 
shall also apply to Franchisee’s Owners and Spouses and that Franchisee’s Owners and Spouses shall each 
execute and deliver to Franchisor the Owner and Spouse Agreement and Guaranty in the form attached to 
this Agreement as Exhibit 1. Franchisee agrees that the covenants and restrictions set forth in this Article 
6.E. and, otherwise in this Article 6, are fair and reasonable and, that if Franchisee engaged in any Prohibited 
Activity that such actions would constitute acts of unfair competition, causing irreparable harm to 
Franchisor and the System. 
 
6.F. 
IMMEDIATE FAMILY MEMBERS 
Franchisee agrees that should Franchisee circumvent the restrictive covenants and obligations of this Article 
6 by disclosing Confidential Information to an Immediate Family Member that Franchisor, and the System, 
will be irreparably harmed. Franchisee agrees that if Franchisee or, one of Franchisee’s Owners, discloses 
Confidential Information to an immediate family member and, the immediate family member of Franchisee 
or an Owner, uses the Confidential Information to engage in activities that, for Franchisee, qualify as 
Prohibited Activities, that Franchisor and the System will be irreparably harmed. Franchisee agrees that as 
between Franchisee and Franchisor, that Franchisee and Franchisee’s Owners are in a better position to 
know if Franchisee permitted and/or provided an immediate family member with access to the Confidential 
Information and that, therefore, Franchisee agrees that Franchisee will be presumed to have violated the 
terms of this Agreement and, in particular, the restrictive covenants and obligations set forth in this Article 
6 if any member of Franchisee’s immediate family or the immediate family of an Owner: (a) engages in 
any Prohibited Activities during any period of time during which Franchisee is prohibited from engaging 
in the Prohibited Activities; and/or (b) uses or discloses the Confidential Information and/or Know-How. 
Franchisee may rebut the foregoing presumption by providing evidence conclusively demonstrating that 
neither Franchisee nor Franchisee’s Owners disclosed the Confidential Information and, did not permit 
disclosure of the Confidential Information to the family member of Franchisee or Franchisee’s Owner. 
Franchisee agrees that the foregoing covenants, obligations, representations, and burden of proof shall also 
apply to Franchisee’s Owners and Spouses and, that Franchisee’s Owners and Spouses shall each execute 
and deliver to Franchisor the Owner and Spouse Agreement and Guaranty in the form attached to this 
Agreement as Exhibit 1.  
 
6.G. 
REASONABLENESS OF RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS AND OBLIGATIONS 
Franchisee agrees that: (a) the terms of this Article 6 are reasonable both in time and in scope of geographic 
area; and (b) Franchisee has sufficient resources and business experience and opportunities to earn an 
adequate living while complying with the terms of this Article 6. Franchisee hereby waives any right to 
challenge the terms of this Article 6 as being overly broad, unreasonable or otherwise unenforceable. 
Although Franchisee and Franchisor both believe that the restrictive covenants and obligations of this 
Article 6 to be reasonable in terms of scope, duration and geographic area, Franchisor may at any time 
unilaterally modify the terms of this Article 6 (provided that such modification is in writing and signed by 
Franchisor) by limiting the scope of the Prohibited Activities, narrowing the definition of a Competitive 
Business, shortening the duration of the Post-Term Restricted Period, reducing the geographic scope of the 
Restricted Territory and/or reducing the scope of any other covenant imposed upon Franchisee under this 
Article 6 to ensure that the terms and covenants are enforceable under applicable law. 
 
6.H. 
BREACH OF RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS AND OBLIGATIONS 
Franchisee agrees that Franchisee’s failure and/or Franchisee’s Owner(s) failure to comply with the 
restrictive covenants and obligations set forth in this Article 6 will cause irreparable harm to Franchisor 
and/or other Delah Coffee Shop franchisees for which there is no adequate remedy at law. Franchisee agrees 
that any violation of these Article 6 covenants and obligations by either Franchisee and/or any Owner(s) 
