 
10 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
something that you will directly negotiate with your landlord. This estimate does not include the purchase 
of real property.  
 
Note 4: Furniture, Fixtures and Equipment – Subject to our brand standards and specifications you will be 
required to purchase certain types of furniture, fixtures and equipment (including televisions) for your Shop 
from us, our approved manufacturers, approved suppliers and/or subject to our specifications. The costs for 
furniture, fixtures, and equipment for your Shop will vary depending on the material quality, the location 
of your Shop, the square footage of your Shop, and other factors. This estimate does not include 
transportation or set up costs.  
 
Note 5: Signage – You are required to purchase, subject to our design and construction specifications and 
approval, interior and exterior signs and displays that we designate. This estimate is for the cost to produce 
wall signage to be mounted to the exterior of your Shop and interior signs and displays.   
 
Note 6: Computer, Software, and Point of Sale System – You will be required to purchase, license and use 
the point of sale systems, ordering systems, and applications that we designate. Information about the point 
of sale and computer systems are disclosed in Item 11 of this Disclosure Document. 
 
Note 7: Grand Opening Marketing – You must spend a minimum of $1,800 to market the grand-opening 
of your Shop. You must submit your grand opening marketing plan to us for our pre-approval. 
 
Note 8: Initial Inventory – This estimate is for your initial pre-opening inventory and initial supply of 
uniforms, paper goods, packaging materials, pastries, cakes, menu item ingredients and System Supplies 
required for the opening of your Shop. This also includes your initial inventory of coffee, teas, evaporated 
milk, and pots, that you must purchase from us or our affiliate, and which we estimate to be between $7,000 
to $14,000. Your initial opening inventory fees will be fully earned by us upon payment and are non-
refundable. 
 
Note 9: Utility Deposits – This estimate is for initial deposits paid to utility service providers such as 
services for gas, electric, water, sewer and internet access. 
 
Note 10: Insurance Deposits – Three Months – This estimate is for initial down payment and first three 
months of installment payments paid to insurance providers to secure and maintain minimum insurance 
coverage requirements designated by us. Your actual payments for insurance and the timing of those 
payments will be determined based on your agreement with your insurance company and agent.  
 
Note 11: Travel for Initial Training – This estimate is for the travel and accommodation expenses associated 
with your attendance and participation in our pre-opening training program. This estimate is for estimated 
travel and lodging expenses only and will be influenced by the number of participants authorized to 
participate in our initial training program and the accommodations you select.  
 
Note 12: Professional Fees – This estimate is for costs associated with legal, accountant, engineering and 
architectural service providers engaged by you to review and advise you as to your legal obligations, 
accounting strategy, and architectural, engineering and construction obligations. You will be required to 
hire an architect to develop plans that meet our standards and specifications and comply with applicable 
laws, rules and regulations for the development and operation of your Shop. We recommend that you seek 
the assistance of professional advisors when evaluating this franchise opportunity. You should also consult 
with a lawyer to review lease agreements other contracts that you will enter into as part of the development 
and operation of your Shop.  
 
