 
6 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
“Gift Cards” means any and all gift cards, vouchers, receipts, cards, and other records of a pre-paid 
purchase transaction or credit that Franchisor authorizes or designates concerning a Delah Coffee Shop. 
 
“Gross Sales” means the total dollar sales from all business and customers of the Franchised Business 
and includes the total gross amount of revenues, receipts, and sales from whatever source derived, 
whether in form of cash, credit, agreements to pay or other consideration including the actual retail 
value of any goods or services traded, borrowed, or received by Franchisee in exchange for any form 
of non-money consideration (whether or not payment is received at the time of the sale), from or derived 
by Franchisee or any other person or Corporate Entity from business conducted or which started in, on, 
from or through the Franchised Business, Franchisee’s Shop Location, and/or Franchisee’s Shop 
Facility whether such business is/was conducted in compliance with or in violation of the terms of this 
Agreement. Supplementing the foregoing, Gross Sales further includes the total gross amount of 
revenues, receipts, and sales from whatever source derived from and/or derived by Franchisee 
(including any person and/or Corporate Entity acting on behalf of Franchisee) from business conducted 
within and/or outside the Designated Territory that is related to the Franchised Business and/or a 
Competitive Business located and/or operated at Franchisee’s Shop Location, at Franchisee’s Shop 
Facility, within the Designated Territory, outside the Designated Territory, and/or otherwise (the 
foregoing does not constitute approval for Franchisee’s operation of a Competitive Business and/or the 
operation of a Delah Coffee Shop outside of the Designated Territory). Gross Sales do not include (a) 
sales taxes that Franchisee collects and remits to the proper taxing authority, and (b) authorized 
promotional discounts that Franchisee provides to Shop customers.  
 
“Immediate Family Member” means the spouse of a person and any other member of the household 
of such person, including, without limitation, children, and grandchildren of such person. Immediate 
Family Members shall further refer to and mean the spouse, children, grandchildren, and other members 
of the household of each Franchisee, if Franchisee is an individual, or each Owner of Franchisee if 
Franchisee is a Corporate Entity.  
 
“IP Claim” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 11.E. of this Agreement. 
 
“Know-How” means Franchisor’s trade secrets and proprietary information relating to the 
development, establishment, marketing, promotion and/or operation of a Delah Coffee Shop including, 
but not limited to, methods, techniques, recipes, specifications, food preparation, procedures, policies, 
marketing strategies and information reflected in, included in, comprising and/or constituting a part of 
the System. Without limitation to the foregoing, Know-How shall further include information contained 
in the Operations Manual and the Confidential Information.  
 
“Lease Agreement Rider” means the form of Lease Agreement Rider attached to this Agreement as 
Exhibit 4. 
 
“Licensed Marks” means the trademarks, service marks, indicia of origin, including the “Delah 
Coffee” trademark, the Delah Coffee logo, Trade Dress, and other trademarks, service marks, logos, 
slogans and designs authorized by Franchisor in connection with the identification of Delah Coffee 
Shops and the Approved Products and Services, provided that such trade names, trademarks, service 
marks, logos and designs are subject to modification, replacement and discontinuance by Franchisor at 
any time in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment. 
 
“Management Service Fees” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Articles 7.J. and 14.D. of 
this Agreement. 
 
