 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
8 
 
5.5   
SITE SELECTION 
Franchisee will be solely responsible for selecting the site(s) for the Franchisee’s Shop Locations. In 
accordance with the terms and conditions of each respective Franchise Agreement, Franchisee must obtain 
Franchisor’s prior written approval as to each potential Shop Location selected by Franchisee. Franchisee 
will retain an experienced commercial real estate broker or salesperson who has sufficient experience in 
locating Shop sites to locate, acquire, purchase or lease the site for the Franchisee’s Development Shops. 
Accordingly, no provision of this Agreement will be construed or interpreted to impose any obligation upon 
Franchisor to locate a site for the Development Shops, to assist Franchisee in the selection of a suitable site 
for the Development Shops, or to provide any assistance to the Franchisee in the purchase or lease of the 
site for the Development Shops. 
 
5.6   
SITE SELECTION CRITERIA  
Franchisee will not lease, purchase or otherwise acquire a Shop Locations for the Development Shops until 
such information as Franchisor may require regarding the proposed site has been provided to Franchisor by 
Franchisee and has been approved by Franchisor. Information requested by Franchisor may include, without 
limitation, information regarding the proposed Shop Location as to accessibility, visibility, potential traffic 
flows, lease terms and other demographic information. Franchisee shall not enter into any lease or purchase 
agreement with respect to any proposed Shop Location until Franchisor has approved the site.  
 
SECTION 6 
TRANSFER OF INTEREST 
 
6.1  
BY FRANCHISOR 
At all times, Franchisor possesses and maintains the sole and absolute right to transfer and/or assign 
Franchisor’s rights and obligations under this Agreement, in whole and/or in part (for any purpose and in 
any form of transaction as may be designated and/or elected by Franchisor, in Franchisor’s sole discretion) 
to any person, entity, Corporate Entity and/or third party without the consent of Franchisee and without the 
approval of Franchisee.  
 
6.2  
BY FRANCHISEE  
Franchisee shall not Transfer and/or assign this Agreement without the express written consent of 
Franchisor which Franchisor may withhold in Franchisor’s sole discretion and Franchisor’s Reasonable 
Business Judgment. If Franchisee is a Corporate Entity the Owners of Franchisee shall not Transfer their 
ownership and/or equity interests in Franchisee without the express written consent of Franchisor which 
Franchisor may withhold in Franchisor’s sole discretion and Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment. 
Any Transfer and/or assignment in violation of the foregoing shall constitute a material default of this 
Agreement and shall result in the immediate and automatic termination of this Agreement. 
 
SECTION 7 
ENFORCEMENT AND CONSTRUCTION 
 
 
7.1 
SEVERABILITY AND SUBSTITUTION OF VALID PROVISIONS 
(1) Except as expressly provided to the contrary in this Agreement, each term and provision of this 
Agreement shall be interpreted or otherwise construed to be independent of each other and severable. 
Although each term and condition of this Agreement are considered by the parties to be reasonable and 
intended to be enforceable, if any such term and condition of this Agreement is found by a court of 
competent jurisdiction, agency, or other governmental agency to be unenforceable as written or 
otherwise, then such term and condition shall be modified, rewritten, interpreted, or “blue-lined” to 
include as much of its nature and scope as will render it enforceable.  If such term and condition cannot 
be so modified, rewritten, interpreted, or “blue-lined” in any respect, then it will not be given effect and 
severed from this Agreement, and the remainder of this Agreement shall be interpreted, construed and 
