 
39 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
returns. 
 
(j) 
New Company Owned Outlet – means, as to a particular Calendar Year, a Company Owned Outlet 
that for the first time opened and commenced operations during the Calendar Year. For example, if a 
Company Owned Outlet first opened for business in February 2023, as to the 2023 Calendar Year, 
the Company Owned Outlet would qualify as a New Company Owned Outlet and not as an 
Operational Company Owned Outlet, see definition below. If this Company Owned Outlet remained 
in operation throughout the 2024 Calendar Year, it would qualify as an Operational Company Owned 
Outlet during the 2024 Calendar Year.  
 
(k) 
New Franchise Outlet – means, as to a particular Calendar Year, a Franchise Outlet that for the first 
time opened and commenced operations during the Calendar Year. For example, if a Franchise Outlet 
first opened for business in February 2023, as to the 2023 Calendar Year, the Franchise Outlet would 
qualify as a New Franchise Outlet and not as an Operational Franchise Outlet, see definition below. 
If this Franchise Outlet remained in operation throughout the 2024 Calendar Year, it would qualify 
as an Operational Franchise Outlet during the 2024 Calendar Year. 
 
(l) 
Operational Company Owned Outlet – means, as to a particular Calendar Year, a Company Owned 
Outlet that was open and in operation on or prior to the commencement of the Calendar Year. For 
example, if a Company Owned Outlet first opened for business in February 2023, as to the 2023 
Calendar Year, the Company Owned Outlet would qualify as a New Company Owned Outlet, see 
definition above, and not as an Operational Company Owned Outlet. If this Company Owned Outlet 
remained in operation throughout the 2024 Calendar Year, it would qualify as an Operational 
Company Owned Outlet during the 2024 Calendar Year.   
 
(m) Operational Franchise Outlet – means, as to a particular Calendar Year, a Franchise Outlet that was 
open and in operation prior to the commencement of the Calendar Year. For example, if a Franchise 
Outlet first opened for business in February 2023, as to the 2023 Calendar Year, the Franchise Outlet 
would qualify as a New Franchise Outlet, see definition above, and not as an Operational Franchise 
Outlet. If this Franchise Outlet remained in operation throughout the 2024 Calendar Year, it would 
qualify as an Operational Franchise Outlet during the 2024 Calendar Year.   
 
(n) 
Outlet – refers to a Shop that is either a Company Owned Outlet or a Franchise Outlet, as the context 
requires. 
 
(o) 
Paper Goods Cost – means the direct costs incurred by the Shop for all paper goods including cups, 
utensils, packaging, and materials used to serve menu items. Paper Goods Cost does not include Food 
Cost, Direct Labor Cost, or other expenses. 
 
BASES AND ASSUMPTIONS 
 
The financial information was not prepared on a basis consistent with generally accepted accounting 
principles. Data for our Company Owned Outlets is based on information reported to us by our affiliates. 
We do not have any open Franchise Outlets. The information in this analysis has not been audited, is based 
on historical financial data, and is not a forecast or projection of future financial performance. 
 
ANALYSIS OF RESULTS OF COMPANY OWNED OUTLETS 
 
During the 2023 Calendar Year we had three Company Owned Outlets. Of these three Company Owned 
Outlets, one Outlet was an Operational Company Owned Outlet and two Outlets were New Company 
