 
23 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
5.C. 
OTHER FEES 
As designated by Franchisor in this Agreement, the Operations Manual, or otherwise, Franchisee shall pay 
to Franchisor and/or as otherwise directed by Franchisor, each of the following additional fees: 
 
(1) Technology Fee – Throughout the Term of this Agreement, Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor a 
continuing monthly non-refundable Technology Fee. Franchisor, in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business 
Judgment, possesses the right, at any and all times throughout the Term of this Agreement, to implement 
and charge Franchisee a monthly Technology Fee in an amount designated by Franchisor but provided 
that such monthly fee does not exceed $500 per month. The Technology Fee is a general administrative 
fee and is not connected to any particular service. The Technology Fee shall be paid to Franchisor each 
and every month on the Due Date. 
 
(2) Brand Development Fund Fee – Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor, Franchisor’s affiliates, or 
Franchisor’s designees the Brand Development Fund Fee as set forth in Article 9.A. of this Agreement. 
 
(3) Point of Sale System Fee – Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor, Franchisor’s affiliates, or 
Franchisor’s designees an on-going weekly, monthly, and/or per use point of sale system fee throughout 
the Term of this Agreement respecting Franchisee’s license and use of the point of sale system as 
designated and specified by Franchisor, in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment.  
 
(4) Online Ordering, Customer Rewards, and Gift Card System Fees – Franchisee shall pay to 
Franchisor, Franchisor’s affiliates, or Franchisor’s designees on-going weekly, monthly, and/or per use 
fees related to licensing and utilizing the technology systems and platforms used for facilitating, 
managing, and integrating online ordering, customer rewards and/or gift card processing as designated 
and specified by Franchisor, in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment.  
 
(5) Quality Assurance Audit Fees – Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor, Franchisor’s affiliates, or 
Franchisor’s designees, on-going weekly, monthly, and/or per use fees, as designated and determined 
by Franchisor, related to quality assurance programs designated by Franchisor related to periodic 
inspections of Franchisee’s Shop and/or secret shopper evaluations. 
 
(6) Annual Conference Fees – Franchisee shall be responsible for all expenses of its personnel attending 
the Annual System Conference including travel, meals and lodging. Franchisee shall be required to pay 
to Franchisor an Annual Conference Attendance Fee. Franchisee agrees that if Franchisee fails to 
attend the Annual System Conference that Franchisor shall, nevertheless, charge and Franchisee 
shall pay the Annual Conference Attendance Fee – even if Franchisor waives such fee for 
franchisees who attend the Annual System Conference.  
 
(7) Supplemental Training Fees – Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor all training fees in accordance 
with the terms of this Agreement including, but not limited to, Additional Initial Training Fees and 
Supplemental Training Fees. 
 
(8) Non-Compliance Fees – Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor all non-compliance fees in accordance 
with the terms of this Agreement including, but not limited to, Payment Non-Compliance Fees, 
Operations Non-Compliance Fees, and Reporting Non-Compliance Fees. 
 
(9) All Other Fees and Obligations Set Forth in this Agreement – Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor, 
Franchisor’s affiliates, or Franchisor’s designees all other fees, charges, and/or expenses set forth in 
this Agreement and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. If no particular due date is stated 
in this Agreement then such date or dates shall be determined by Franchisor in Franchisor’s Reasonable 
Business Judgment. 
