 
7 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
“Managers” means the Managing Owner plus all assistant managers of the Franchised Business and 
all other employees, independent contractors, consultants, directors, officers and board members who 
may possess access to the Confidential Information. 
 
“Managing Owner” means, if Franchisee is a partnership or Corporate Entity, the Managing Owner 
shall be the Owner responsible for the day-to-day oversight, management and operation of the 
Franchised Business. The Managing Owner must possess, maintain and own not less than 25% of the 
equity and ownership interests in Franchisee. At all times, the Managing Owner must manage the 
operations of the Franchised Business. 
 
 
“Operating Manager” means the Manager designated by Franchisee or Franchisee’s Managing 
Owner, that is charged with the obligation and responsibility to supervise and manage (on-site at 
Franchisee’s Shop Facility) the day-to-day operations of the Franchised Business. At all times, the 
Operating Manager must: (a) meet all of Franchisor’s minimum training and brand quality control 
standards and criteria for managers as may be set forth in the Operations Manual; (b) successfully 
complete Franchisor’s initial training program; (c) sign the Confidentiality Agreement; and (d) agree, 
in writing, to assume responsibility for the on-site management and supervision of the Franchised 
Business. 
 
 
“Operations Manual” means, individually and collectively, the manual(s) designated by Franchisor 
and relating to the development and/or operations of Delah Coffee Shops including, but not limited to, 
the policies, procedures and requirements for the development and operation of Delah Coffee Shops. 
The Operations Manual may consist of one or more volumes, handbooks, manuals, written materials, 
videos, electronic media files, cloud/internet based list-service, intranet, internet based and accessed 
databases, computer media, email, webinars and other materials as may be modified, added to, replaced 
or supplemented by Franchisor from time to time in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment, 
whether by way of supplements, replacement pages, franchise bulletins, or other official 
pronouncements or means. Subject to Franchisor’s modification from time to time and, based on 
Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment, the Operations Manual may, among other things, 
designate the Approved Products and Services that must be exclusively offered and sold by the 
Franchised Business and, the System Supplies and designated vendors that must be exclusively used 
by Franchisee. 
 
“Operations Non-Compliance Fee” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 7.K. of 
this Agreement. 
 
“Operations Violation” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 7.K. of this Agreement. 
 
“Owner” means collectively, individually and jointly: (a) the officers and directors of Franchisee 
(including the officers and directors of any general partner of Franchisee) who hold an ownership 
interest in Franchisee; (b) the managing member or manager of Franchisee, if franchisee is a limited 
liability company; (c) all holders of a 5% or more direct or indirect ownership interest in Franchisee 
and/or of any entity directly or indirectly controlling Franchisee; and (d) the Managing Owner(s). 
Franchisee’s Owners are identified in Schedule 2 to this Agreement. 
 
“Owner and Spouse Agreement and Guaranty” means the form of Owner and Spouse Agreement 
and Guaranty attached to this Agreement as Exhibit 1.  
 
“Payment Non-Compliance Fee” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 5.D. of this 
Agreement. 
 
