 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
6. Under Article 16 of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading “Defaults and Automatic Termination 
After 30 Day Cure Period,” the subarticle 16.A.(4)(f), shall be supplemented by the addition of the 
following: 
 
Subarticle 16.A.(4)(f) will not be enforced to the extent prohibited by applicable law. 
 
7. Under both subarticles 16.A.(2) and 16.A.(4) of the Franchise Agreement, the following is added: 
 
Minnesota law provides a franchisee with certain termination rights.  Minn. Stat. Sect. 80C.14 
Subdivisions 3, 4, and 5 require, except in certain specified cases, that franchisee be given 90 days-
notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) of this Agreement. 
 
8. Article 18.F. of the Franchise Agreement, under the heading “Governing Law”, shall be amended by the 
addition of the following statement added to the end of the last sentence of Article 18.F.: 
 
; except to the extent otherwise prohibited by applicable law with respect to claims arising under the 
Minnesota Franchise Act. 
 
9. Article 18.G. of the Franchise Agreement and, if Franchisee executes a Development Agreement, Section 
7.6 of the Development Agreement, under the heading “Choice of Law, Non-Binding Mediation, Binding 
Arbitration, and Consent to Jurisdiction”, shall be amended by the addition of the following statement added 
to the end of the last sentence of Article 18.G. of the Franchise Agreement and Section 7.6 of the 
Development Agreement: 
 
; except to the extent otherwise prohibited by applicable law with respect to claims arising under the 
Minnesota Franchise Act. 
 
10. Article 18.K of the Franchise Agreement, and if Franchisee executes a Development Agreement, 
Section 7.10 of the Development Agreement, under the heading “Waiver of Jury Trial”, shall be 
supplemented by the addition of the following statement at the end of the sentence contained in Article 
18.K. of the Franchise Agreement and Section 7.10 of the Development Agreement: 
 
; except that nothing in this Agreement should be considered a waiver of any right conferred 
upon Franchisee by the Minnesota Franchise Act. 
 
11. Article 18.I. of the Franchise Agreement and, if Franchisee executes a Development Agreement, Section 
7.8 of the Development Agreement, under the heading “Limitations of Claims,” shall be supplemented by 
the addition of the following statement: 
 
Under the Minnesota Franchise Act, any claims between the parties must be commenced within three 
years of the occurrence of the facts giving rise to such claim, or such claim shall be barred. 
 
12. Article 18 of the Franchise Agreement and if Franchisee executes a Development Agreement, Section 
7 of the Development Agreement, under the heading “Enforcement and Construction,” shall be 
supplemented by the addition of the following new subarticle 18.Z. to the Franchise Agreement and Section 
7.24 of the Development Agreement: 
 
Any foregoing acknowledgments are not intended to nor shall they act as a release, estoppel or waiver 
or any liability under the Minnesota Franchise Act. 
 
13. Each provision of this amendment shall be effective only to the extent, with respect to such provision, 
that the jurisdictional requirements of the Minnesota Franchise Act are met independently without reference 
to this amendment. 
 
