 
21 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
10. Hours of Operation – You must maintain openings and operating hours in conformity with our then 
current standards and requirements, as designated by us, related to, among other things, days, hours, and 
times of your Shop operations and services offered to the public, and days, times, and holidays for opening 
and closing. 
 
Advertising  
1. Generally – All advertising, marketing, marketing materials and all marketing mediums used by you in 
the marketing and promotion of your Shop must be pre-approved by us in writing and conform to our 
standards and specifications. You may only utilize those advertising and marketing materials and mediums 
that we designate and approve in writing. In our discretion, we may make available to you approved 
marketing templates comprised of pre-approved ads, ad copy and digital media that you may utilize at your 
own expense. If you wish to utilize marketing materials and/or marketing mediums that are not currently 
approved by us in writing, you may submit a written request requesting permission and we will approve or 
disapprove of your request within 15 days of your submission of the written request and sample marketing 
materials. We are not required to spend any amount on your behalf on advertising in your designated 
territory and we are not required to conduct any advertising on behalf of the franchise System or on your 
behalf. (Franchise Agreement, Article 9); 
 
2. Local Marketing – You are not authorized to engage in any marketing unless it is pre-approved by us in 
our discretion (Franchise Agreement, Article 9.B.). On an on-going and monthly basis, you must spend not 
less than 1% of your monthly Gross Sales on the local marketing of your Shop. We will review your local 
marketing programs and notify you if we approve same. We will make available to you and provide you 
with access, in the form of a source document, to our approved marketing campaigns, media, and messaging 
that may be used by you. In those instances where we provide you with access to our marketing campaigns, 
we provide you with the source designs, copy, and design specifications. However, you will incur the direct 
costs associated with customizing, duplicating and using such marketing campaigns and in having them 
distributed and/or placed with media sources. (Franchise Agreement, Article 9); 
 
3. Digital Media and Website – All digital media and marketing must be approved by us. We will designate 
for your Designated Territory information about your Shop on the www.delahcoffee.com webpage or such 
other websites as we may designate for the System. (Franchise Agreement, Article 9); 
 
4. Brand Development Fund – We may control and administer a brand development fund (the “Brand 
Development Fund”) (Franchise Agreement, Article 9.A.). As disclosed in Item 6 of this Disclosure 
Document, you must contribute a weekly sum not to exceed 2% of weekly Gross Sales to the Brand 
Development Fund. We may use the Brand Development Fund for market studies, research, service 
development, product development, testing, research studies, technology development, advertising and 
public relations studies or services, creative production and printing of advertising and marketing materials, 
advertising copy and commercials, tracking costs, agency fees, advertising councils, franchisee advisory 
councils, administrative costs, which may include reimbursement for direct administrative and personnel 
costs associated with advertising and public relations, and any other costs associated with the development, 
marketing and testing of advertising, marketing and public relations materials, and the purchase of media 
placement, advertising time and public relations materials in national, regional or other advertising and 
public relations media in a manner determined by us, in our discretion, to be in the best interest of the 
franchisees and the System. Our company and/or affiliate owned Shops may but are not required to 
contribute to the Brand Development Fund. The Brand Development Fund will maintain unaudited 
financial records detailing its expenditures and will make available to you, no more frequently than one 
time in any 12 month period, an unaudited accounting of how monies contributed to the Brand Development 
Fund were spent each year. We are not required to segregate the Brand Development Fund from our general 
operating funds, and we are not a fiduciary or trustee of the Brand Development Fund. The Brand 
Development Fund will not be used to directly promote your Shop or the marketing area in which your 
