 
32 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
against the Franchised Business; a final judgment is entered 
against the Franchised Business and is not satisfied within 30 
days; you are dissolved; a lawsuit or action is commenced 
against the Franchised Business to foreclose on a lien on 
equipment of the Franchised Business and such action is not 
dismissed after 60 days; real or personal property used by the 
Franchised Business is sold or levied by a sheriff or other law 
enforcement officer; and/or you abandon or fail to 
continuously own and operate the Franchised Business.  
 
i. 
Franchisee’s obligations on 
termination/non-renewal 
6, 17 
You must: pay all sums that you owe to us under the Franchise 
Agreement and all other agreements with us; cease owning and 
operating the Franchised Business; cease representing yourself 
as a franchisee of ours; permanently cease using and/or 
accessing the System, the Licensed Marks, our confidential 
information, the Operations Manual, the Business Management 
System, the Business Management System Data, and the 
System Supplies; return the Operations Manual and all 
confidential information to us in the original form provided to 
you and document the destruction of all electronic files related 
to same; completely de-identify the location and/or facility 
associated with the Franchised Business; as requested by us, 
transfer to us all data, telephone listings, digital media, 
accounts, web listings and websites associated with the 
Franchised Business; and abide by the post-termination non-
competition covenants and restrictions. 
 
j. 
Assignment of the contract by 
franchisor 
 
14.A. 
 
No restriction on our right to assign. 
k. “Transfer” by franchisee- 
definition 
14.B. 
A transfer means and includes, whether voluntary or 
involuntary, conditional or unconditional, direct or indirect: (a) 
an assignment, sale, gift, transfer, pledge or sub-franchise; (b) 
the grant of a mortgage, charge, lien or security interest, 
including, without limitation, the grant of a collateral 
assignment; (c) a merger, consolidation, exchange of shares or 
other ownership interests, issuance of additional ownership 
interests or securities representing or potentially representing 
ownership interests, or redemption of ownership interests; and 
(d) a sale or exchange of voting interests or securities 
convertible to voting interests, or an agreement granting the 
right to exercise or control the exercise of the voting rights of 
any holder of ownership interests or to control the operations 
or affairs of Franchisee.  
 
l. 
Franchisor’s approval of transfer 
by franchisee 
14.B. 
Transfers require our prior written consent, which may be 
granted or withheld in our discretion. 
 
m. Conditions for franchisor’s  
approval of transfer 
14.C. 
For approval of your transfer, you must provide us with 30 
days prior written notice of the proposed transfer; you and your 
Owners must not have defaulted in your obligations under the 
Franchise Agreement and all other agreements with us; you 
and your Owners must be in compliance with your obligations 
