 
4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
ITEM 3 
LITIGATION 
 
No litigation information is required to be disclosed in this Item. 
 
ITEM 4 
BANKRUPTCY 
 
No bankruptcy information is required to be disclosed in this Item. 
 
ITEM 5 
INITIAL FEES 
 
Franchise Agreement 
When you sign a Franchise Agreement you will pay to us a non-refundable initial franchise fee in the 
amount of $35,000 (the “Initial Franchise Fee”). The Initial Franchise Fee is fully earned by us upon 
payment. The method we use to calculate the Initial Franchise Fee is uniform for all franchises that we offer 
through this Disclosure Document.  
 
Opening Inventory 
You must purchase your opening inventory of certain System Supplies, including coffee, teas, evaporated 
milk, and pots, from us or our affiliate. We estimate that your initial opening inventory of System Supplies 
that you must purchase from us, or our affiliates will range between $7,000 to $14,000. Your initial opening 
inventory fees will be fully earned by us upon payment and are non-refundable. 
 
Multi-Unit Development Agreement 
If you sign a Multi-Unit Development Agreement, you must pay a fixed non-refundable development area 
fee (the “Development Area Fee”) in the amount of $30,000 for each additional Shop, over and above your 
first Shop, authorized for development under the Multi-Unit Development Agreement. The minimum 
number of Shops that you may agree to develop is three and the maximum is five. The Development Area 
Fee is in addition to the Initial Franchise Fee of $35,000 that you will pay to us at the time of signing the 
Franchise Agreement for your first Shop. At the time of signing the Franchise Agreement for each 
additional Shop authorized by the Multi-Unit Development Agreement, over and above your first Shop, 
you will not be required to pay us an additional initial franchise fee. The Development Area Fee is fully 
earned by us upon payment, represents consideration for a designated development area, and is used to 
defray our costs for providing pre-opening assistance and to offset certain franchise recruitment expenses. 
The method we use to calculate the Development Area Fee is uniform for all franchises that we offer 
through this Disclosure Document. 
 
 
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
 
 
 
