 
40 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
Franchisee or any Owner.  
 
10.C. INDEMNIFICATION BY FRANCHISOR 
Franchisor shall indemnify, defend, and hold Franchisee and Franchisee’s officers, directors, shareholders, 
members, owners, partners, agents, representatives, independent contractors, employees, assigns and 
successors (the “Franchisee Indemnified Parties”) harmless from all losses, expenses, claims, causes of 
action, lawsuits, liabilities, taxes, costs, demands, proceedings, investigations, hearings, and/or damages 
solely arising out of, or solely relating to, Franchisor’s gross negligence in the operation of Franchisee’s 
Delah Coffee Shop that was the direct cause of any such loss, expense, liability or damage provided 
Franchisee immediately notifies Franchisor of such claim, cause of action, lawsuit, demand, proceeding, 
investigation or hearing, and Franchisor shall pay all of the Franchisee Indemnified Parties’ reasonable 
costs, fees and expenses of defending any such claim, cause of action, lawsuit, demand, proceeding, 
investigation, and/or hearing brought against any of the Franchisee Indemnified Parties or any such claim, 
cause of action, lawsuit, demand, proceeding, investigation, and/or hearing in which any of the Franchisee 
Indemnified Parties is named as a party, including, without limitation, reasonable accountant fees, attorney 
fees, and expert witness fees, court costs, deposition fees, travel expenses and other litigation expenses 
provided Franchisee immediately notifies Franchisor of such claim, cause of action, lawsuit, demand, 
proceeding, investigation or hearing. Franchisor agrees that the terms of this Article 10.C. shall survive the 
termination, expiration or Transfer of this Agreement.  
 
ARTICLE 11 
LICENSED MARKS, SYSTEM, AND INNOVATIONS 
 
11.A. OWNERSHIP AND GOODWILL 
Franchisee agrees that Franchisor is the owner of all right, title and interest in and to the Licensed Marks, 
the System, Digital Media, Published Content and the goodwill associated with the Licensed Marks and the 
System. Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, Franchisee further agrees that 
Franchisee possesses no interest or right, whatsoever, in or to the Licensed Marks, the System, Digital 
Media, Published Content and the goodwill associated with the Licensed Marks and the System, and 
Franchisee’s right to use the Licensed Marks and the System is derived solely from this Agreement. Any 
unauthorized use of the Licensed Marks and/or the System by Franchisee or any of Franchisee’s affiliates 
shall constitute an infringement of the rights of Franchisor in and to the Licensed Marks and/or the System. 
Franchisee agrees that all usage of the Licensed Marks and/or the System by Franchisee, and all goodwill 
associated with the Licensed Marks and System, shall exclusively benefit Franchisor without granting any 
goodwill interests or rights to Franchisee except for Franchisee’s non-exclusive interest and limited right 
to use the Licensed Marks and the System in the operation of the Franchised Business, subject to the terms 
and conditions of this Agreement. Franchisee shall not, at any time during the Term or after the expiration, 
termination or Transfer of this Agreement, contest the validity or ownership of the Licensed Marks, the 
System, Digital Media, Published Content, and/or the goodwill associated with the Licensed Marks and the 
System, and at no time shall Franchisee assist any other person in contesting the validity or ownership of 
the Licensed Marks, the System, Digital Media, Published Content, and/or the goodwill associated with the 
Licensed Marks and the System. Franchisee and each Owner shall not take any action that prejudices or 
interferes with the validity of Franchisor’s rights with respect to Licensed Marks, the System, Digital 
Media, Published Content, and/or the goodwill associated with the Licensed Marks and the System.  
11.B. 
USE OF THE LICENSED MARKS 
Franchisee agrees that the Licensed Marks shall be the sole identification of the Franchised Business. 
Franchisee must operate, advertise and market the Franchised Business only under the Licensed Marks as 
designated and specified by Franchisor in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment. Franchisee shall 
not use the Licensed Marks as part of its corporate or other legal name, and Franchise shall not use the 
Licensed Marks with modifying words, terms, designs, or symbols, or in any modified form. Franchisee 
