 
6 
 
Delah Coffee Franchising, LLC  
Notes to Financial Statement 
January 02, 2025  
 
1. COMPANY AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 
 
Delah Coffee Franchising, LLC (the Company) was established in the state of California on October 17, 2024, for the 
purpose of offering franchise opportunities to entrepreneurs who want to own and operate their business as a franchise. 
The Company provides the qualified individual the rights to operate a business that provide sustainably sourced, hand-
picked, micro-roasted quality coffee that is rich in flavor and aroma under the “ Delah Coffee” mark. The Company offers 
individual unit franchises and area development franchises for the development of multiple units within a designated 
territory. 
 
2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
  
This summary of significant accounting policies is presented to assist the reader in understanding and evaluating the 
Company’s financial statement. The financial statement and notes are representations of the Company’s management, 
which is responsible for their integrity and objectivity. These accounting policies conform to generally accepted 
accounting principles and have been consistently applied in the preparation of the financial statement. 
  
A. Basis of Accounting 
 
The financial statement was prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States 
of America (“US GAAP”). 
  
B. Cash and Cash Equivalents 
  
The Company considers all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to 
be cash equivalents.  
  
C. Federal Income Taxes 
 
The Company is organized as a limited liability company and is a disregarded entity for income tax purposes. The 
Company’s accounts are included in the tax return of its members, and all taxes are assessed and paid at the individual 
member level. Therefore, no income tax liability for federal or state taxes has been recorded in the financial statement. 
 
D. Use of Estimates  
  
The preparation of our Company’s financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that 
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our 
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues, costs and expenses during the reporting period. Actual 
results could differ significantly from those estimates. It is at least reasonably possible that a change in the estimates 
will occur in the near term. 
  
E. Concentration of Credit Risk 
 
The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents with major financial institutions. At various times during the period, 
the total amount on deposit might exceed the $250,000 limit insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
(FDIC). The Company believes that it mitigates credit risk by depositing cash with financial institutions having high credit 
ratings. 
