 
17 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
Obligation 
 
Articles in Agreement 
 
Disclosure 
Document Item 
 
t. 
Transfer  
FA: 14 
DA: 6 
17 
u. 
Renewal  
FA: 15  
DA: 3 
17 
 
v. 
Post-termination obligations 
FA: 6, 10, 11, 17 and 18 
DA: Not applicable 
17 
w. 
Non-competition covenants 
FA: 6, 17 and 18 
DA: Not applicable 
17 
x. 
Dispute resolution  
FA: 18.F. and 18.G.   
DA: 7 
17 
y. 
Individual guarantee of franchisee 
obligations 
FA: 2.C., 6, 7.J., 14.C., 14D., 14.E. and 17.C. 
DA: 2.3 and 6.2 
9 
 
ITEM 10 
FINANCING 
 
We do not offer direct or indirect financing. We do not guarantee your note, lease, or other obligation. 
 
ITEM 11 
FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, 
COMPUTER SYSTEMS AND TRAINING 
 
Except as listed below, we are not required to provide you with any assistance.  
 
Pre-Opening Obligations 
 
1. Grant of Franchise – We will grant you the right to operate a Shop at a single Shop Location within a 
designated territory. (Franchise Agreement, Article 2); 
 
2. Franchise Agreement Designated Territory – Once you secure a Shop Location that we approve, we will 
define the Designated Territory for your Shop and include the geographic boundaries and/or a description 
of your Designated Territory within Schedule 1 of the Franchise Agreement. (Franchise Agreement, Article 
2 and Schedule 1); 
 
3. Multi-Unit Development Agreement Development Area – If you have entered into a Multi-Unit 
Development Agreement, we will designate your Development Area. The Shops to be developed by you 
must be located within the Development Area. Once you select a Shop Location that we approve within the 
Development Area, within the Franchise Agreement for each respective Shop we will define the Designated 
Territory and include the geographic boundaries and/or a description of your Designated Territory for each 
respective Shop. (Multi-Unit Development Agreement, Section 2). Our approval or disapproval of future 
Shop locations that may be developed under a Multi-Unit Development Agreement will be based on our 
then current site selection criteria; 
 
4. Operations Manual – We will provide you with access to our confidential and proprietary Operations 
Manual. You must operate the Franchised Business in accordance with the Operations Manual and all 
applicable laws, rules and regulations. At all times, we reserve the right to supplement, modify and update 
the Operations Manual. (Franchise Agreement, Article 4.C.). As of the Issuance Date of this Disclosure 
