 
21 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
suppliers including, but not limited to, additions, deletions, and/or changes to the approved and 
designated suppliers; 
 
(5) Establishing and communicating marketing and brand standards related to the promotion of the 
Franchised Business; 
 
(6) Approving or disapproving of Franchisee requests related to marketing materials and Digital Media 
that may be used to market the Franchised Business; and 
 
(7) Establishing and communicating System standards and requirements in the form of the Operations 
Manual and, as Franchisor, in Franchisor’s sole discretion. 
 
 
4.C. 
OPERATIONS MANUAL 
Franchisor shall provide Franchisee with access to the Operations Manual. The Operations Manual 
contains, as designated and determined by Franchisor, mandatory and, as applicable, suggested 
specifications, standards and operating procedures that Franchisor prescribes for Delah Coffee Shops. 
Franchisee shall operate the Franchised Business in strict accordance with the standards, specifications, and 
requirements set forth in the Operations Manual as, such standards, specifications, and requirements 
including, but not limited to, the Approved Products and Services, System Supplies, and, authorized and 
designated suppliers, as of the Effective Date of this Agreement, and, as they may be supplemented, 
modified, changed, and/or replaced in the future and, from time to time, by Franchisor, in Franchisor’s 
Reasonable Business Judgment. Franchisee shall keep and maintain the confidentiality of the Operations 
Manual and, shall keep and maintain all files, data and information contained in the Operations Manual in 
a secure location and/or in a protected confidential state and, as otherwise directed by Franchisor. The 
master copy and official version of the Operations Manual is and shall be the copy and/or version 
maintained and designated by Franchisor in Franchisor’s ordinary course of business. 
 
Franchisor shall provide Franchisee with reasonable notice of modifications and changes made to the 
Operations Manual and, such notice may take form of electronic communications including emails and, if 
the Operations Manual is maintained on an online web based platform, notifications within said platform. 
Franchisor shall provide Franchisee with a reasonable period of time, as determined by Franchisor, in 
Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment, to implement change and modifications to the as set forth in 
the Operations Manual. Without limitation to the foregoing, Franchisee may only offer and sell the 
Approved Products and Services and utilize the System Supplies as designated by Franchisor, in 
Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment, in the Operations Manual and, in accordance with the terms, 
specifications and requirements set forth in the Operations Manual and as Franchisor may supplement and 
modify the Operations Manual from time to time or, as Franchisor may otherwise designate in writing. 
 
ARTICLE 5 
FEES  
 
5.A. 
INITIAL FRANCHISE FEE 
Upon execution of this Agreement Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor a non-recurring initial franchisee fee 
(the “Initial Franchise Fee”) of $35,000. The Initial Franchise Fee is fully earned by Franchisor upon 
execution of this Agreement and is not refundable. 
 
5.B. 
ROYALTY FEES 
Throughout the Term of this Agreement, Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor a continuing weekly non-
refundable royalty fee (the “Royalty Fee”) in an amount equal to 4.5% (the “Royalty Rate”) of Franchisee’s 
weekly Gross Sales. The Royalty Fee shall be calculated on a weekly basis for each respective weekly 
Accounting Period and shall be otherwise subject to the terms of this Agreement. The Royalty Fee during 
----
