 
7 
 
 
F. Revenue Recognition 
  
Revenue is recognized in accordance with ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The Company 
adopted ASU 2021-02 Franchisors - Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Subtopic 952-606) effective with the 
application of ASC Topic 606. The ASU provides a practical expedient to ASU2014-09 Revenue from contracts with 
Customers (Topic 606). The new guidance allows franchisors to simplify the application of the guidance about identifying 
performance obligations for franchisors that perform pre-opening services by allowing a franchisor to account for pre-
opening services as distinct if they are consistent with those included in a predefined list of pre-opening services. 
  
Franchise Fees 
The franchise arrangement between the Company and each franchise owner is documented in the form of a franchise 
agreement and, in select cases, a development agreement. The franchise arrangement requires the Company as 
franchisor to perform various activities to support the brand and does not involve the direct transfer of goods and 
services to the franchise owner as a customer. Activities performed by the Company before opening are distinguished 
from the franchise license. Therefore, the Company recognizes franchise fees as two performance obligations. The 
nature of the Company’s promise in granting the franchise license is to provide the franchise owner with access to the 
brand’s intellectual property over the term of the franchise arrangement. 
The transaction price in a standard franchise arrangement consists of (a) franchise/development fees; (b) Marketing, 
brand development and royalties Fees and (c) IT Fees; (d) Annual Conference Fees. The Company utilize ASC 606 five-
stops revenue recognition model as follows: 
  
• 
Identify the contract with the customer. 
• 
Identify the performance obligation in the contract. 
• 
Determine the transaction price. 
• 
Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations. 
• 
Recognize revenue when (or as) each performance obligation is satisfied. 
  
The terms of the Company’s franchise agreement will be as follows:  
• 
The Company will grant the right to use the Company name, trademark, and system in the franchisee’s franchise 
development business.  
• 
The franchisee is obligated to pay a non-refundable initial franchise fee.  
• 
The franchisee is obligated to pay monthly royalties, marketing, IT, and annual conference fees. Certain other fees 
are also outlined in the agreement.  
  
Franchise revenues are recognized by the Company from the following different sources: The Company recognizes 
franchise fees as two (2) performance obligations. The first, pre-opening services, including access to manuals, assistance 
in site selection, and initial training, have been determined to be distinct services offered to franchisees. Pre-opening 
services are earned over a period using an input method of completion based on costs incurred for each franchisee at 
the end of each year. 
 
The second, access to the franchise license, has been determined to be distinct. The amount allocated to the franchise 
license is earned over time as performance obligations are satisfied due to the continuous transfer of control to the 
franchisee. Franchise and development fees are paid in advance of the franchise opening, typically when entering into 
a new franchise or development agreement. Fees allocated to the franchise license are recognized as revenue on a 
straight-line basis over the term of each respective franchise agreement. Initial franchise agreement terms are typically 
10 years while successive agreement terms are typically 10 years. 
 
 
 
 
 
