 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
RECEIPT 
 
This Disclosure Document summarizes certain provisions of the Franchise Agreement and other information in 
plain language. Read this Disclosure Document and all the agreements carefully. 
 
If Delah Coffee Franchising, LLC offers you a franchise, we must provide this Disclosure Document to you 14 
calendar days before you sign a binding agreement with, or make a payment to, us or an affiliate of ours in 
connection with the proposed franchise sale, or sooner if required by applicable law.  
 
Applicable state laws in New York and Rhode Island require that we give you this document at the earlier of the 
first personal meeting or 10 business days before the execution of the franchise or other agreements or the 
payment of any consideration that relates to the franchise relationship. Michigan requires that we give you this 
Disclosure Document at least 10 business days before the signing of any binding franchise or other agreement, 
or the payment of any consideration, whichever occurs first. 
 
If Delah Coffee Franchising, LLC does not deliver this Disclosure Document on time of if it contains a false or 
misleading statement, or a material omission, a violation of federal law and state law may have occurred and 
should be reported to the Federal Trade Commission, Washington, D.C. 20580 and the applicable state 
administrator identified in Exhibit A of this Disclosure Document. We authorize the respective state agencies 
identified in Exhibit B of this Disclosure Document to receive service of process for us in the particular state.   
 
The Issuance Date of this Disclosure Document is: March 11, 2025 
The franchise sellers for this offering are:  
Name 
Principal Business Address 
Telephone Number 
Majed Jahamee 
7075 Commerce Circle, Pleasanton, 
California 94588 
510-688-3333 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
I received a Disclosure Document issued on March 11, 2025 that included the following exhibits: 
 
A. List of State Administrators 
G. List of Franchisees 
B. List of Agents for Service of Process 
H. List of Franchisees Who Have Left the System 
C. Operations Manual Table of Contents  
I. State Specific Addenda 
D. Financial Statements 
J. State Effective Dates 
E. Franchise Agreement 
K. Receipts 
F. Multi-Unit Development Agreement  
 
 
 
Date 
 
Print Name 
 
 
Signature 
 
 
 
 
 
Date 
 
Print Name 
 
 
Signature 
 
Please sign this copy of the receipt, date your signature, and return it to Delah Coffee Franchising, LLC, 
7075 Commerce Circle, Pleasanton, California 94588.  
