 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
NORTH DAKOTA FRANCHISE AGREEMENT AMENDMENT 
 
Amendments to the Delah Coffee Franchise Agreement 
 
In recognition of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, Section 51-19, the parties to the attached 
Delah Coffee Franchising, LLC Franchise Agreement (the “Franchise Agreement”) agree as follows: 
 
The North Dakota Addendum is only applicable if you are a resident of North Dakota or if your Delah 
Coffee Shop outlet will be located within the State of North Dakota. 
 
1. Article 15 of the Franchise Agreement is hereby amended by the addition of the following language: 
“Provisions requiring North Dakota franchisees to sign a general release upon renewal of the Franchise 
Agreement are not enforceable in North Dakota.” 
 
2. Article 16 of the Franchise Agreement is hereby amended by the addition of the following language: 
“Provisions requiring North Dakota franchisees to consent to termination or liquidated damages are not 
enforceable in North Dakota.” 
 
3. Articles 6 of the Franchise Agreement are hereby amended by the addition of the following language: 
“Covenants not to compete such as those mentioned above are generally considered unenforceable in the 
State of North Dakota.” 
 
4. Article 18 of the Franchise Agreement is hereby amended by the addition of the following language: 
“Covenants requiring North Dakota franchisees to consent to the jurisdiction of courts outside of North 
Dakota may not be enforceable in North Dakota.” 
 
5. Article 18 of the Franchise Agreement is hereby amended by the addition of the following language: 
“for North Dakota franchisees, North Dakota law shall apply.” 
 
6. Article 18 of the Franchise Agreement is hereby amended by the addition of the following language: 
“Provisions requiring a franchisee to consent to a waiver of trial by jury are not enforceable under Section 
51-19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law.” 
 
7. Article 18 of the Franchise Agreement is hereby amended by the addition of the following language: 
“Provisions requiring the franchisee to consent to a waiver of exemplary and punitive damages are not 
enforceable under Section 51-19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law.” 
 
8.  Article 18 of the Franchise Agreement is hereby amended by the addition of the following language: 
“Provisions requiring a franchisee to consent to a limitation of claims within one year have been determined 
to be unfair, unjust and inequitable within the intent of Section 51-19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise 
Investment Law. Therefore, for North Dakota franchisees, the statute of limitations under North Dakota 
Law will apply.” 
 
9.  No statement, questionnaire or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with 
the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of: (i) waiving any claims under any 
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
