 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
7 
4. Intellectual Property, Brand Protection and Non-Competition Covenants and Restrictions.  
 
(a) Know-How.  You agree that: (i) you will not use the Know-How in any business or capacity other 
than the Franchised Business; (ii) you will maintain the confidentiality of the Know-How at all times; 
(iii) you will not make unauthorized copies of documents containing any Know-How; (iv) you will take 
such reasonable steps as we may ask of you from time to time to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure 
of the Know-How; and (v) you will stop using the Know-How immediately if you are no longer an 
Owner of Franchisee or your Spouse is no longer an Owner of Franchisee, as applicable. You will not 
use the Intellectual Property for any purpose other than the development and operation of the 
Franchised Business pursuant to the terms of the Franchise Agreement and Operations Manual. You 
agree to assign to us or our designee, without charge, all rights to any improvement developed by you, 
including the right to grant sublicenses. If applicable law precludes you from assigning ownership of 
any improvement to us, then such improvement shall be perpetually licensed by you to us free of charge, 
with full rights to use, commercialize, and sublicense the same.   
 
(b) Non-Competition During Franchise Relationship.  Subject to the terms and conditions of Article 5 
of this Agreement, below, you represent and agree that while you are an Owner of Franchisee or while 
your Spouse is an Owner of Franchisee (as applicable) that you will not engage in any Prohibited 
Activities. You agree that this restriction is fair and reasonable and that if you did engage in a Prohibited 
Activity that such actions would constitute acts of unfair competition and will irreparably harm us and 
the System.  
 
(c) Non-Competition After Franchise Relationship. You represent, acknowledge and agree that during 
the Restricted Period you will not engage in any Prohibited Activities; provided, however, that the 
Prohibited Activity relating to having an interest in a Competitive Business will only apply with respect 
to a Competitive Business that is located within or provides competitive goods or services to 
customers/clients who are located within the Restricted Territory. If you engage in any Prohibited 
Activities during the Restricted Period, then you agree that your Restricted Period will be extended by 
the period of time during which you were engaging in the prohibited activity (any such extension of 
time will not be construed as a waiver of your breach or otherwise impair any of our rights or remedies 
relating to your breach). You agree that this restriction is fair and reasonable and that if you did engage 
in a Prohibited Activity that such actions would constitute acts of unfair competition and will 
irreparably harm us and the System.  
 
(d)  Confidentiality Restrictions. You represent, acknowledge and agree that, at all times you: (i) shall 
not use the Confidential Information in any business or capacity other than the Franchised Business; 
(ii)  shall maintain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information; (iii) shall not make unauthorized 
copies of documents containing any Confidential Information; (iv) shall take such reasonable steps as 
we may ask of you and/or Franchisee from time to time to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of 
the Confidential Information; (v) shall immediately and permanently stop using the Confidential 
Information upon the expiration or termination of the Franchise Agreement; (vi) shall immediately and 
permanently stop using the Confidential Information if you are no longer an Owner of Franchisee 
and/or the Spouse of an Owner; (vii) shall immediately and permanently stop using the Confidential 
Information upon Franchisee’s Transfer of the Franchise Agreement; and (viii) shall not disclose the 
Confidential Information to any third party except in a legal proceeding pursuant to an order of a court 
of competent jurisdiction and after affording us no less than 15 business days prior notice and an 
opportunity for us, at our election, to appear in such action. 
 
(e) Immediate Family Members. You acknowledge that should you circumvent the purpose and 
protections (due to us) of this Agreement by disclosing Know-How to an immediate family member 
(i.e., parent, sibling, child, or grandchild) we will, and the System will be irreparably harmed. You 
