 
26 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
outside your Designated Territory and, if applicable, your Development Area; and (e) use the Licensed 
Marks and System and to license others to use the Licensed Marks and System, to engage in all other 
activities not expressly prohibited by the Franchise Agreement. 
 
Restrictions on Us from Soliciting or Accepting Orders in Your Territory 
There are no restrictions on us from soliciting or accepting orders from customers inside your territory. We 
reserve the right to use other channels of distribution, such as the internet, catalog sales, telemarketing, or 
other direct marketing sales, to make sales within your territory using our principal trademarks or using 
trademarks different from the ones you will use under the Franchise Agreement. We do not pay any 
compensation to you for soliciting or accepting orders from inside your territory. 
 
Soliciting by You Outside Your Territory 
You are required to target and direct the marketing of your Shop to customers located within your territory. 
You may only offer and sell Approved Products and Services from your Shop Location located within your 
Designated Territory and, only to (a) retail customers for consumption on the premises of your Shop 
Location, (b) personal carryout from your Shop Location, (c) delivery customers located within your 
Designated Territory, and (d) catering to customers physically located within your Designated Territory.  
 
Competition by Us Under Different Trademarks 
We do not have plans to operate or franchise a business under trademarks different from the Licensed Marks 
that sells or will sell goods or services similar to those that will be offered by you through the Franchised 
Business.  
 
ITEM 13 
TRADEMARKS 
 
Under the terms of the Franchise Agreement, you will be granted a license to use the “Delah Coffee” 
trademark and those other marks that we designate. Our affiliate Delah Coffee IP, LLC is the owner of the 
Licensed Marks and has granted to us a license with an initial 20 year term and with automatic renewal 
thereafter to use the Licensed Marks and to license our franchisees to use the Licensed Marks (the “License 
Agreement”). Although the License Agreement may be terminated as a result of a breach of the License 
Agreement, in the event of any termination of the License Agreement, our franchisees will continue to 
maintain the right to use the Marks pursuant to the terms of their Franchise Agreement. Termination of the 
License Agreement does not terminate use of the Marks by our authorized franchisees. We reserve the right 
to supplement and modify the marks that you may or may not use in connection with the operations of your 
Shop. You may only use the Licensed Marks as authorized by us in writing and under the terms of your 
Franchise Agreement. You may not use the Licensed Marks in the name of any Corporate Entity that you 
establish. 
 
Principal Trademarks Not Registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office 
The following principal trademarks identified in the schedule below are a part of the Licensed Marks, our 
System, and will be used by you in the operations of the Franchised Business but are not registered with 
the United States Patent and Trademark Office (“USPTO”). As to each of these principal trademarks:  
 
We do not have a federal registration for each of these principal trademarks. Therefore, the trademarks 
identified below do not have many legal benefits and rights that are afforded to federally registered 
trademarks. If our right to use the trademarks (identified below) is challenged, you may have to change to 
an alternative trademark, which may increase your expenses.   
 
 
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
