 
9 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
however, that if a court of competent jurisdiction determines that the foregoing Restricted Territory is 
too broad to be enforceable, then the “Restricted Territory” means the geographic area comprising 
Franchisee’s Designated Territory plus a 25 mile radius surrounding Franchisee’s Designated Territory 
or, if Franchisee is not granted or designated a designated territory, then a 25 mile radius surrounding 
Franchisee’s Shop Location. 
 
“Royalty and Activity Report” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 5.B. of this 
Agreement. 
 
“Royalty Fee” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 5.B. of this Agreement.  
 
“Royalty Rate” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 5.B. of this Agreement. 
 
“Scheduled Business Commencement Date” means the date that occurs on the 10 month anniversary 
of the Effective Date of this Agreement.  
 
“Shop Facility” means the fixed commercial shop facilities including, the fixtures and improvements, 
from which Delah Coffee Shops are established, operated and managed.  
 
“Shop Location(s)” means the fixed locations from which Delah Coffee Shops are developed, operated 
and managed.  
 
“Site Selection Acknowledgment” means the form of Site Selection Acknowledgment attached to this 
Agreement as Exhibit 3. 
 
“Site Selection Area” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 2.A.(4) of this Agreement.  
 
“Site Selection Period” means the period of time commencing on the Site Selection Acknowledgment 
Date (as such date may be set forth by Franchisor, and only Franchisor, in the Site Selection 
Acknowledgment) and automatically expiring 60 calendar days after the Site Selection 
Acknowledgment Date. If the Site Selection Acknowledgment Date is not set forth and acknowledged 
by Franchisor in the Site Selection Acknowledgment then, the Site Selection Period shall be zero days. 
If the Site Selection Acknowledgment is not signed by Franchisor, then there shall be no Site Selection 
Period.  
 
“Spouse” means the legal spouse of an Owner as of the Effective Date. 
 
“Supplemental Training” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 4.A. of this 
Agreement. 
 
“Supplemental Training Fee” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 4.A. of this 
Agreement. 
 
“Supplier Evaluation Fee” means the fee determined by Franchisor, in Franchisor’s Reasonable 
Business Judgment, and based upon the fees and/or expenses incurred by Franchisor in connection with 
the evaluation of a request by Franchisee for Franchisor’s consideration and/or review of a potential 
supplier. Under no circumstance is Franchisor required to approve of suppliers requested by Franchisee. 
 
“System” shall have the meaning defined in the “Recitals” section of this Agreement and is further 
supplemented, as follows: without limitation to the Recitals section of this Agreement and 
supplementing the definition and meaning of the term “System”, System shall be defined to further 
