 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
3 
“Corporate Entity” means a corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other corporate legal 
entity that is not an individual person. 
 
“Delah Coffee Shop(s)” shall have the meaning defined in the Recitals and Representations section of 
this Agreement and, without limitation to the Recitals and Representations section of this Agreement, 
the definition of “Delah Coffee Shops”, shall further include, refer to and mean: every business and all 
businesses owned and/or operated by us, our affiliates and/or our authorized franchisee(s) that utilize 
and/or is/are required to utilize the System and/or Licensed Marks including, but not limited to, the 
Franchised Business. 
 
“Digital Media” means any interactive or static digital document, listing, directory, application, 
advertisement, link, metadata, or media that is transmitted within a closed or private network, or that is 
connected to, in communication with, and/or networked with computers, applications, or other devices 
linked by communications systems, data systems, a part of the world wide web including, traditional 
websites, web based applications, distributed databases, including, blockchain, software applications, 
smart phone applications, or social media platforms such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter/X, Pinterest, 
Instagram, SnapChat, TikTok, and YouTube, that refers, references, identifies, reviews, promotes and/or 
relates, in any way, to, a Delah Coffee Shop, the Franchised Business, the Licensed Marks, the System 
and/or us. Digital Media includes the System Website, and all other media and/or publications relating 
to the System that is displayed and/or transmitted digitally. 
 
“Effective Date” refers to the “Effective Date” of the Franchise Agreement as the term “Effective Date” 
is set forth and defined in the Franchise Agreement. If, for any reason, the Effective Date cannot be 
determined by reference to the Franchise Agreement, the Effective Date shall be the date that you sign 
this Agreement. 
 
“Franchised Business” shall have the meaning defined in the “Recitals” section of this Agreement and 
shall further refer to and mean the Delah Coffee Shop to be developed and operated by Franchisee 
pursuant to the terms of the Franchise Agreement. 
 
“Franchisee’s Designated Territory” means the “Designated Territory” as such term is set forth and 
defined in the Franchise Agreement.  
 
“Franchisee’s Shop Facility” means the Shop Facility from which Franchisee establishes, operates and 
manages the Franchised Business. 
 
“Franchisee’s Shop Location” means the location of Franchisee’s Shop Facility, from which 
Franchisee operates the Franchised Business.  
 
“Immediate Family” means the spouse of a person and any other member of the household of such 
person, including, without limitation, children of such person. 
 
“Intellectual Property” means, individually and collectively, our Licensed Marks, Copyrights, Know-
How, and System. 
 
“Know-How” refers to means our trade secrets and proprietary information relating to the development, 
establishment, marketing, promotion and/or operation of a Delah Coffee Shop including, but not limited 
to, methods, techniques, recipes, specifications, food preparation, procedures, policies, marketing 
strategies and information reflected in, included in, comprising and/or constituting a part of the System. 
Without limitation to the foregoing, Know-How shall further include information contained in the 
Operations Manual and the Confidential Information. 
