 
11 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
Note 13: Licenses and Permits – This estimate is for customary and basic business permits and licenses 
required to operate a Shop. Licenses, license fees, and licensing obligations will vary depending on local, 
municipal, county and state regulations. You should investigate all licensing requirements and costs prior 
to signing a Franchise Agreement.  
 
Note 14: Additional Funds – This is an estimate of the minimum recommended levels of additional funds 
that may be required to cover operating expenses such as employee salaries, inventory, rent, and utilities 
for the initial three month period following the opening of your Shop. This estimate does not include 
compensation to you or your owners and does not include interest, finance charges, or payments that may 
be incurred by you if you finance the development of your Shop. In making this estimate, we have relied 
on the experiences of our affiliate in developing and operating a Shop. This is only an estimate for your 
initial three months of operations and more working capital and additional funds may be required depending 
on the sales and performance of your Shop.  
 
Note 15: About Your Estimated Initial Investment – This is an estimate of the initial start-up expenses for 
a Delah Coffee Shop. We have based these estimates on the experiences of our affiliate in developing a 
Delah Coffee Shop. These are only estimates and your costs and, the range of those costs, may vary. Factors 
that may influence your costs include: the size of your Shop; local geographic market and economic 
conditions including rent, labor, and construction rates; local licensing costs; competition; the facilities and 
existing build-out of the Shop Location that you select; landlord funded tenant improvements and 
allowances; the capabilities of your management team; and the level of sales achieved by your Shop. These 
estimates do not include interest and financing charges that you may incur, and they do not include 
management level compensation payable to you or your owners. If you sign a Multi-Unit Development 
Agreement, the estimated amount will be required for each Shop that you develop.  
 
B. Multi-Unit Development Agreement 
 
YOUR ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT 
Type of Expenditure 
Amount 
Method of 
Payment 
When Due 
 
To Whom  
Payment is Made 
 
Development Area Fee (Note 1) 
 
$60,000 – $120,000 
Lump sum 
When Franchise 
Agreement and Multi-
Unit Development 
Agreement are signed 
 
Us 
Estimated Initial Investment 
to open one Shop (Note 2) 
$282,300 – $424,000 
Estimated Initial Investment is based on the estimate contained 
in Table A of this Item 7 for a Franchise Agreement. 
 
 
Total Estimate (Note 3) 
 
$342,300 – $544,400 
 
Explanatory Notes to Item 7 -  for a Franchise Agreement with a Multi-Unit Development Agreement 
 
Note 1: Development Area Fee and Franchise Fees – When you sign a Multi-Unit Development Agreement 
you must also sign a Franchise Agreement for the first Shop to be developed by you. When you sign our 
Multi-Unit Development Agreement, in addition to paying the Initial Franchise Fee for your first Shop, you 
will also pay to us a Development Area Fee in the amount of $30,000 for each Shop over and above your 
first Shop that is authorized for development within the Development Area. The minimum number of Shops 
that you may be authorized to develop under a Multi-Unit Development Agreement is three and the 
