 
66 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
18.Y.  RECITALS 
The parties agree that the recitals and representations contained on the first page of this Agreement 
constitute a part of this Agreement and are hereby fully incorporated into the terms of this Agreement. 
 
ARTICLE 19 
NOTICES  
 
All written notices and reports permitted or required to be delivered by this Agreement shall be deemed so 
delivered, at the time delivered by hand, one business day after being placed in the hands of a national 
commercial courier service for overnight delivery (properly addressed and with tracking confirmation), or 
three business days after placed in the U.S. mail by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, and 
addressed to the party to be notified at its most current principal business address of which the notifying 
party has been notified. Reports requiring delivery shall be delivered by certified U.S. mail and/or 
electronically, as designated by Franchisor. The addresses for the parties set forth in the initial paragraph 
of this Agreement shall be used unless and until a different address has been designated by written notice 
to the other party.  Any notice required under this Agreement shall not be deemed effective or given by 
Franchisee to Franchisor unless given in strict compliance with this Agreement. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the Operations Manual and modifications to the Operations Manual may be delivered and/or 
noticed to Franchisee by such means selected by Franchisor, including electronic notice and email. 
 
In all cases where Franchisor’s prior approval is required and no other method or timing for obtaining such 
approval is prescribed, Franchisee shall request such approval in writing, and, unless otherwise expressly 
proscribed in this Agreement, Franchisor shall respond within 10 business days after receiving Franchisee’s 
written request and all supporting documentation, provided if Franchisor does not respond, such request 
shall be deemed unapproved. Franchisor’s consent to, or approval of, any act or request by Franchisee shall 
be effective only to the extent specifically stated, and Franchisor’s consent or approval shall not be deemed 
to waive, or render unnecessary, consent or approval of any other subsequent similar act or request.  
 
 
[SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
