 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
ITEM 1 
THE FRANCHISOR AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES 
 
Delah Coffee Franchising, LLC, the franchisor of the Delah Coffee franchise is referred to in this franchise 
disclosure document (the “Disclosure Document”) as “we”, “us” or “our” as the context requires. A 
franchisee is referred to in this Disclosure Document as “you” and “your” as the context requires. If you 
are a corporation, partnership or other legal entity (a “Corporate Entity”), our Franchise Agreement will 
also apply to your individual owners, shareholders, members, officers, directors and other principals. 
 
The Franchisor 
We are a California limited liability company established on October 21, 2024. Our principal place of 
business is 7075 Commerce Circle, Pleasanton, California 94588. We conduct business under our corporate 
name Delah Coffee Franchising, LLC and under the Delah Coffee trade name. Our business is operating 
the Delah Coffee Shop franchise system and granting franchises to third parties like you to develop and 
operate a Shop. We began offering franchises on March 11, 2025, although we entered into two licenses 
agreements. Neither of these licensees has opened an Outlet as of the date of this Disclosure Document. 
Other than as discussed above, we are not in any other business, we have not conducted business in any 
other line of business, we do not conduct or operate a Franchised Business of the type to be operated by a 
franchisee, and we have not offered or sold franchises in any other line of business. We do not have any 
predecessors and we do not have any parent company. Our registered agents for service of process are 
disclosed in Exhibit B of this Disclosure Document. 
 
The Franchised Business 
We license a system (the “System”) for the development and operation of a Delah Coffee shop (each, a 
“Franchised Business” or “Shop”) that serves traditional Yemeni coffee, teas, cakes, and other menu items. 
for on-premises dining, carryout, catering, and delivery (the “Approved Products and Services”). The 
System includes Approved Products and Services that we currently designate and that we may modify, add 
to, or discontinue from time to time, and our specifications, methods and procedures for the preparation, 
service, marketing and sale of Approved Products and Services by the Franchised Business. The System 
also features and requires, as designated by us, your exclusive use of certain ingredients, food products, 
beverages, packaging materials, and supplies used to prepare Approved Products and Services, and other 
supplies and equipment that we designate for use in your Shop (collectively, the “System Supplies”). The 
System is presently identified by the Delah Coffee trademark, the Delah Coffee logo and other trademarks, 
service-marks, logotypes, and commercial symbols as we may designate, modify and adopt from time to 
time for use in the System and as same may or may not be registered with the United States Patent and 
Trademark Office (collectively referred to as the “Licensed Marks”). You must develop and operate your 
Shop in conformity with the requirements of our System, including the specifications, procedures, criteria 
and requirements that we designate in our confidential Operations Manual and other proprietary manuals 
that we may designate and, as we may supplement and modify from time to time (collectively, the 
“Operations Manual”). 
 
Franchise Agreement   
You may enter into a Franchise Agreement in the form attached to this Disclosure Document as Exhibit E 
to develop and operate a Shop from a single Shop Location within a designated territory. You will be 
required to develop and operate your Shop in conformity with the requirements of our System and at a Shop 
Location that we approve. A Shop will ordinarily be located in high traffic retail commercial locations, 
including strip shopping centers. If you do not have an approved site for your Shop Location, you must 
select a site in accordance with the Franchise Agreement and obtain our written approval of your Shop 
Location. Your rights in the System will be limited to the development and operation of a single Shop 
serving only our Approved Products and Services from your approved Shop Location and using only our 
then designated System Supplies. Your Shop must conform to the requirements of our System.  
