 
7 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
managed by an authorized Managing 
Owner or Manager.  
 
Transfer 
$10,000 
On demand 
Payable if we approve your transfer 
request and upon signing our then 
current Franchise Agreement. 
 
Renewal 
 
$5,000 
On signing renewal 
Franchise 
Agreement 
 
Payable if we approve your renewal 
request and upon signing our then 
current Franchise Agreement. 
 
Explanatory Notes to Item 6  
 
Note 1: Type of Fee – The above table describes fees and payments that you must pay to us, our affiliates, 
or that our affiliates may impose or collect on behalf of a third party. All fees are uniformly imposed for 
franchises offered under this Disclosure Document, are recurring, are not refundable, and are payable to us, 
unless otherwise specified. If you enter into a Multi-Unit Development Agreement or open multiple Shops 
then these fees shall apply, respectively, to each Shop, subject to the terms of their respective franchise 
agreement. Payment is subject to our specification and instruction, including, our election to have all fees 
automatically drafted from your business bank account or automatically debited or charged to your business 
bank account. You will be required to sign an ACH Authorization Form (Franchise Agreement, Exhibit 7) 
permitting us to electronically debit your designated bank account for payment of all fees payable to us 
and/or our affiliates. You must deposit all receipts and Gross Sales of your Shop into the designated bank 
accounts that are subject to our ACH authorization. You must install and use, at your expense, the pre-
authorized payment, point of sale, credit card processing, automatic payment, automated banking, 
electronic debit and/or electronic funds transfer systems that we designate and require in the operation of 
your Shop. You must pay all fees charged by your bank in connection with our ability to debit your bank 
account. 
 
Note 2: Royalty Fees – The royalty fee is a continuing weekly fee equal to 4.5% (the “Royalty Rate”) of 
your weekly Gross Sales (the “Royalty Fee”). If any federal, state or local tax other than an income tax is 
imposed on the Royalty Fee which we cannot directly, and dollar for dollar, offset against taxes required to 
be paid under any applicable federal or state laws, you must compensate us in the manner prescribed by us 
so that the net amount or net effective Royalty Fees received by us is not less than 4.5% of your Gross 
Sales.  
 
Note 3: Gross Sales – “Gross Sales” means the total dollar sales from all business and customers of your 
Shop and includes the total gross amount of revenues, receipts, and sales from whatever source derived, 
whether in form of cash, credit, agreements to pay or other consideration including the actual retail value 
of any goods or services traded, borrowed, or received by you in exchange for any form of non-money 
consideration (whether or not payment is received at the time of the sale), from or derived by you or any 
other person or Corporate Entity from business conducted or which started in, on, from or through your 
Shop and/or your Shop Location, whether such business is conducted in compliance with or in violation of 
the terms of the Franchise Agreement. Gross Sales include the total gross amount of revenues receipts, and 
sales from whatever source derived from and/or derived by you (including any person and/or Corporate 
Entity acting on your behalf) from business conducted within and/or outside your designated territory that 
is related to your Shop and/or a competitive business located and/or operated at your Shop Location, within 
your designated territory, outside your designated territory, and/or otherwise. Gross Sales does not include 
sales taxes that you collect and remit to the proper taxing authority or promotional discounts that are 
authorized by us in writing and provided by you to customers of the Franchised Business.  
