 
38 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
(4) If at the time of execution of this Agreement an Advertising Cooperative has been established for a 
geographic area that includes, in whole or in part, Franchisee’s Shop location or Designated Territory, 
or if such Advertising Cooperative is established during the Term of this Agreement, Franchisee shall 
fully participate in the Advertising Cooperative and Franchisee shall execute, at the request of 
Franchisor, all documents required by Franchisor and Franchisee shall become a member of the 
Advertising Cooperative subject to the terms of those documents; 
 
(5) Franchisee shall contribute to the Advertising Cooperative in the amounts as determined and 
required by the Advertising Cooperative or, otherwise in accordance with those documents governing 
the operation of the Advertising Cooperative; provided, however, Franchisee’s contributions to the 
Advertising Cooperative shall not exceed Franchisee’s local minimum marketing obligations set forth 
in Article 9.B. of this Agreement and Franchisee’s contributions to the Advertising Cooperative shall 
count toward satisfaction of Franchisee’s minimum local marketing obligations set forth in Article 9.B.; 
 
(6) Franchisee shall submit to the Advertising Cooperative and to Franchisor such statements and 
reports as may be required by the Advertising Cooperative and approved by Franchisor. All 
contributions to the Advertising Cooperative shall be maintained and administered in accordance with 
the documents governing the Advertising Cooperative. The Advertising Cooperative shall be operated 
solely for the purpose of collection and expenditure of the Advertising Cooperative’s fees for the 
purpose set forth in this Article 9.F.; 
 
(7) No marketing materials, plans, or media may be used by the Advertising Cooperative or its members 
without the prior written approval of Franchisor;  
 
(8) Shops owned by Franchisor and/or Franchisor’s affiliates that are located within the geographic 
area of the designated Advertising Cooperative are not required to make contributions to the 
Advertising Cooperative; and 
 
(9) The Advertising Cooperative must comply with the rules and regulations established by Franchisor 
in the Operations Manual which may be modified by Franchisor from time to time. 
 
ARTICLE 10 
RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES AND INDEMNIFICATION 
 
10.A. INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS AND NO JOINT EMPLOYER RELATIONSHIP 
This Agreement does not create a fiduciary relationship between Franchisor and Franchise. Franchisor and 
Franchisee are independent contractors and nothing in this Agreement is intended to, nor shall it make either 
party an agent, legal representative, subsidiary, joint ventures, partner, or employee of the other for any 
purpose. The parties’ relationship is strictly a Franchisor and Franchisee relationship. At all times 
Franchisee, in accordance with Franchisor’s brand standards, must conspicuously identify itself at the 
premises of the Franchised Business and in all dealings with customers, lessors, contractors, suppliers, 
public officials and others as the owner of a Shop under a franchise from Franchisor, and Franchisee must 
place other notices of independent ownership on signs, forms, stationery, advertising and other materials as 
Franchisor requires. Franchisee shall not employ any Licensed Mark in signing any contract, lease, 
mortgage, check, purchase agreement, negotiable instrument, or other legal obligation. Franchisee shall not 
employ any Licensed Mark in a manner that is likely to result in liability of Franchisor for any indebtedness, 
action, inaction, or obligation of Franchisee. Franchisor and Franchisee shall not make any express or 
implied agreements, guaranties or representations, or incur any debt, in the name, or on behalf, of the other.  
Franchisor and Franchisee shall not represent that their relationship is anything other than franchisor and 
franchisee. Franchisor and Franchisee shall not be obligated by, or have any liability under, any agreements 
or representations made by the other that are not expressly authorized. Franchisor shall not be obligated for 
