 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
2 
 
 
“Affiliates” means individually or collectively, any and all entities controlling, controlled by, or under 
common ownership with Franchisor. 
  
“Corporate Entity” means a corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other corporate 
legal entity that is not an individual person. 
 
“Cumulative Development Shops” shall, respectively, have the meaning defined and set forth in 
Section 4.4 of this Agreement. 
 
“Delah Coffee Shop(s)” shall have the meaning defined in the Recitals section of this Agreement and, 
without limitation to the Recitals section definition of “Delah Coffee Shops”, shall further include, refer 
to and mean: every business and all businesses owned and/or operated by Franchisor, Franchisor’s 
affiliates and/or authorized franchisee(s) that utilize and/or is/are required to utilize the System and/or 
Licensed Marks including, but not limited to, the Franchised Business. 
 
“Development Area” shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals and as further defined and set 
forth in Section 2.1 of this Agreement. 
 
“Development Area Fee” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Section 4.1 of this 
Agreement. 
 
“Development Information Term Sheet” means the Development Information Term Sheet attached 
to this Agreement as Schedule A.  
 
“Development Period” shall, respectively, have the meaning defined and set forth in Section 4.4 of 
this Agreement. 
 
“Development Obligations” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Section 2.1 of this 
Agreement. 
 
“Development Schedule” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Sections 4.4 of this 
Agreement. 
 
“Development Shop” shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals and as further defined and set 
forth in Section 2.1 of this Agreement. 
 
“Development Shop Initial Franchise Fee” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Section 
4.2 of this Agreement. 
 
“Effective Date” shall be the date set forth, defined and referred to in the first paragraph of this 
Agreement. 
 
“First Development Shop” shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals and shall further refer to 
and mean the Shop to be developed by Franchisee as the first Development Shop to be developed and 
operated by Franchisee within the Development Area.  
 
“Franchise Agreement” shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals and shall further refer to and 
mean Franchisor’s individual unit Delah Coffee Shop Franchise Agreement as designated and 
determined by Franchisor from time to time. 
 
