 
65 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
18.R. NO PERSONAL LIABILITY BY FRANCHISOR’S EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS OR 
AGENTS 
Franchisee agrees that the fulfillment of any of Franchisor’s obligations written in this Agreement or based 
on any oral communications ruled to be binding in a court of law shall be Franchisor’s sole obligation and 
none of Franchisor’s employees, officers and/or authorized agents shall be personally liable to Franchisee 
for any reason. In addition to the foregoing, Franchisor and Franchisee are not joint employers. The 
foregoing shall not be construed to imply that Franchisor and/or Franchisor’s agents have made any oral 
promises as pursuant to Article 18.M. of this Agreement, this written Agreement represents the sole 
Agreement between Franchisor and Franchisee. 
 
18.S.  NON-UNIFORM AGREEMENTS 
Franchisee agrees that Franchisor makes no representations or warranties that all other agreements with 
Delah Coffee Franchising, LLC franchisees entered into before or after the Effective Date do or will contain 
terms substantially similar to those contained in this Agreement. Franchisee agrees that Franchisor may 
waive or modify comparable provisions of other Franchise Agreements to other System franchisees in a 
non-uniform manner. 
 
18.T 
NO RIGHT TO OFFSET 
 Franchisee shall not, on grounds of the alleged nonperformance, material breach, or default by Franchisor 
of this Agreement, any other agreement between Franchisor and Franchisee, or for any other reason, 
withhold any payment, fee, or any other amount payable by Franchisee to Franchisor pursuant to this 
Agreement, including, without limitation, the payment of the Royalty Fee and Advertising Contributions, 
or any other payment obligation by Franchisee to Franchisor. Franchisee shall not have the right to offset 
or withhold any liquidated or unliquidated amount allegedly due to Franchisee from Franchisor against any 
payment, fee, or any other amount payable to Franchisor pursuant to this Agreement or any other payment 
obligation by Franchisee to Franchisor.  
 
18.U. HEADINGS 
The headings and subheadings in this Agreement are strictly for convenience and reference only, and they 
shall not limit, expand, or otherwise affect the interpretation and construction of the terms and conditions 
of this Agreement. 
 
18.V. AUTHORITY TO EXECUTE 
Each party agrees, warrants and represents that it has all requisite power and authority to enter into this 
Agreement. The execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement has been duly and lawfully 
authorized by all necessary actions of each party, and the signatory to this Agreement for each party has 
been duly and lawfully authorized to execute this Agreement for and on behalf of the party for whom each 
signatory has signed. 
 
18.W. COUNTERPARTS, ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES, AND MULTIPLE COPIES 
This Agreement may be executed electronically. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, all of 
which counterparts shall be deemed originals and taken together shall constitute a single agreement. 
Executed electronic or print duplicates of this Agreement, if any, and their respective signatures shall be 
deemed originals. 
 
18.X. JOINT AND SEVERAL LIABILITY 
If Franchisee consists of more than one person or entity, then their liability under this Agreement shall be 
deemed joint and several. 
 
 
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
