 
30 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
products, services, equipment, supplies, suppliers and/or distributors are not presently, at the time of 
Franchisee’s request, approved for use in the System: (a) Franchisee must provide Franchisor with a 
written request where Franchisee specifies the product, service, equipment, supply, supplier and/or 
distributor, the reason for Franchisee’s request; (b) shall timely submit to Franchisor such information, 
reports, specifications, and samples as Franchisor, in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment 
requests; and (c) shall pay to Franchisor a Supplier Evaluation Fee per requested product, service, 
equipment, supply, supplier and/or distributor to be considered including, but not limited to, the 
Supplier Evaluation Fees that Franchisor, in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment, establishes 
and assesses based on, among other things, the administrative costs and time associated with evaluating, 
assessing and testing the proposed product, service, equipment, supply, supplier and/or distributor 
including, but not limited to Franchisor’s internal employees and independent third parties engaged 
and/or retained by Franchisor for evaluation and testing. The foregoing fees and payments shall be paid 
by Franchisee to Franchisor within 14 days of the date of Franchisor’s invoice. Upon Franchisee’s 
compliance with the foregoing, within 60 days of the completion of all inspections and evaluations, 
Franchisor shall notify Franchisee of Franchisor’s approval or disapproval which shall be determined 
by Franchisor in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment. Under no circumstance shall the 
foregoing be construed as implying that Franchisor is required to approve alternative suppliers. 
 
7.H. 
MARKET RESEARCH AND TESTING 
Franchisor may conduct market research and testing to evaluate, modify, test and/or sample the services, 
products, equipment and supplies authorized by Franchisor and to determine consumer trends and the 
viability of certain services and products. Franchisee agrees to participate in Franchisor’s market research 
programs that may be conducted by Franchisor in its discretion, by test marketing services and/or products 
from the Franchised Business. Franchisee agrees to provide Franchisor with timely reports and other 
relevant information regarding such market research. Franchisee agrees to purchase a reasonable quantity 
of the tested products and effectively promote and make a reasonable effort to sell the products and/or 
services.  
 
7.I. 
COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND GOOD BUSINESS PRACTICES 
 
(1) Franchisee shall secure and maintain in full force all required licenses, permits and certificates 
relating to the operation of the Franchised Business, and Franchisee must operate the Franchised 
Business in full compliance with all applicable laws, ordinances, codes and regulations. 
 
(2) Franchisee shall, at all times, investigate, review, and comply with all laws applicable to the 
operation of the Franchised Business, including, without limitation, all labor laws and obligations, wage 
and hour laws and obligations, employer practices laws and obligations, labor department rules and 
regulations, workers compensation and unemployment laws and rules, insurance obligations, and health 
and safety laws, rules and obligations. 
 
(3) Franchisee shall, at all times, investigate, review, and comply with all laws, rules, and regulations 
related to all laws, rules, and regulations related to customer and employee privacy obligations and 
protections and, all laws, rules, and regulations, related to the privacy and protection of customer and 
employee information and data and, all laws, rules, and regulations related to customer and employee 
solicitations. 
 
(4) Franchisee must immediately notify Franchisor in writing of any of the following concerning 
Franchisee, the Franchised Business, Franchisee’s Shop Location and/or Franchisee’s Shop Facility: 
(a) any cause of action, claim, lawsuit, proceeding, and investigation; (b) issuance of any order, writ, 
injunction, award, and/or decree by any court, agency, or other governmental entity; and (c) any notice 
of violation of any law, ordinance, code, permit, or regulation.  
