 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
HAWAII FRANCHISE AGREEMENT AMENDMENT 
 
Amendments to the Delah Coffee Franchise Agreement 
 
In recognition of the requirements of the Hawaii Franchise Investment Law, the undersigned agree to the 
following modifications to the Delah Coffee Franchising, LLC Franchise Agreement (the “Franchise 
Agreement”), as follows: 
 
1. Sub-Article 14.C.(6). Sub-article 14.C.(6), under the Article section titled “Conditions for Approval of 
Transfer,” is supplemented by the addition of the following language:  
 
; provided, however, that all rights enjoyed by Franchisee and any causes of action arising in 
Franchisee’s favor from the provisions of the Hawaii Franchise Investment Law, shall remain in force; 
it being the intent of this provision that the non-waiver provisions of the Hawaii Franchise Investment 
Law be satisfied; and 
 
The Hawaii Franchise Investment Law provides rights to the franchisee concerning non-renewal, 
termination and transfer of the Franchise Agreement. If this Sub-article contains a provision that is 
inconsistent with the Hawaii Franchise Investment Law, the Hawaii Franchise Investment Law will 
control. 
 
2. Sub-Article 15.B.(8). Sub-article 15.B.(8), under the Article section titled “Conditions for Renewal,” is 
supplemented by the addition of the following: 
 
; provided, however, that all rights enjoyed by Franchisee and any causes of action arising in 
Franchisee’s favor from the provisions of the Hawaii Franchise Investment Law, shall remain in force; 
it being the intent of this provision that the non-waiver provisions of the Hawaii Franchise Investment 
Law be satisfied; and 
 
The Hawaii Franchise Investment Law provides rights to the franchisee concerning non-renewal, 
termination and transfer of the Franchise Agreement. If this subarticle contains a provision that is 
inconsistent with the Hawaii Franchise Investment Law, the Hawaii Franchise Investment Law will 
control. 
 
3. 
Each provision of this amendment shall be effective only to the extent, with respect to such 
provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the Hawaii Franchise Investment Law are met 
independently without reference to this amendment. 
 
4.  No statement, questionnaire or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with 
the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of: (i) waiving any claims under any 
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
 
[SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
