 
 
 
                                                          Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
 
 
California FDD Amendment 
Amendments to the Delah Coffee  
Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
The registration of this franchise offering by the California Department of Financial Protection and 
Innovation does not constitute approval, recommendation, or endorsement by the commissioner. 
 
1. Item 17 “Renewal, Termination, Transfer and Dispute Resolution: The Franchise Relationship,” is 
supplemented by the addition of the following:  
 
A. THE CALIFORNIA FRANCHISE INVESTMENT LAW REQUIRES THAT A COPY OF ALL 
PROPOSED AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE SALE OF THE FRANCHISE BE DELIVERED 
TOGETHER WITH THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT. 
 
B. The franchisor, any person or franchise broker in Item 2 of the FDD is not subject to any currently 
effective order of any national securities association or national securities exchange, as defined in the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 15 U.S.C.A. 78a et seq., suspending or expelling such persons from 
membership in such association or exchange. 
 
C. California Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 through 20043 establish the rights of the 
franchisee concerning termination, transfer, or non-renewal of a franchise. If the Franchise Agreement 
contains a provision that is inconsistent with the law, the law will control. 
 
D. The Franchise Agreement provides for termination upon bankruptcy. This provision may not be 
enforceable under federal bankruptcy law. (11 U.S.C.A. Sec. 101 et seq.). 
 
E. The Franchise Agreement contains a covenant not to compete, which extends beyond the 
termination of the franchise. This provision may not be enforceable under California law. 
 
F.  The Franchise Agreement requires binding arbitration. The arbitration will occur in the State of 
California with the costs being borne by the franchisee and franchisor.  
 
Prospective franchisees are encouraged to consult private legal counsel to determine the 
applicability of California and federal laws (such as Business and Professions Code Section 20040.5 
Code of Civil Procedure Section 1281, and the Federal Arbitration Act) to any provisions of a 
Franchise Agreement restricting venue to a forum outside the State of California. 
 
G. The Franchise Agreement requires application of the laws of the State of California. This provision 
may not be enforceable under California law. 
 
2. Section 31125 of the California Corporations Code requires us to give you a Disclosure Document, in 
a form containing the information that the commissioner may by rule or order require, before a solicitation 
of a proposed material modification of an existing franchise. 
 
3. You must sign a general release of claims if you renew or transfer your franchise. California 
Corporations Code Section 31512 voids a waiver of your rights under the Franchise Investment Law 
(California Corporations Code Sections 31000 through 31516).   
 
