 
13 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
service requested by you. We may request that you send us samples from the supplier for testing and 
documentation from the supplier for evaluation. We may also require, subject to our discretion, that we be 
allowed to inspect the supplier’s facilities. We will notify you of our approval or disapproval within a 
reasonable time not exceeding 60 days after we receive your written request and all additional information 
and samples that we request. We may, in our sole discretion, withhold our approval. We do not make our 
procedures or criteria for approving suppliers available to our System franchisees, except that when 
evaluating the approval of a particular supplier, among other things, we consider: whether the supplier can 
demonstrate to our reasonable satisfaction the ability to meet our standards, specifications and production 
requirements, the supplier’s quality control, whether or not we are the exclusive supplier of the particular 
item, whether or not our affiliate or affiliates are the exclusive supplier of the particular item, and whether 
or not the supplier’s approval, in our sole determination, will allow us to advance the overall interests of 
the System and our company.  
 
We estimate that your purchase of goods and services from us or our approved suppliers, or that must 
conform to our specifications, will represent approximately 80% of your total purchases in establishing 
your Shop and approximately 75% of your total purchases in the continuing operations of your Shop. We 
currently require that you purchase or lease the following source restricted goods and services:  
 
1. Lease – We do not review the terms of the lease for your Shop Location but require that your landlord 
acknowledge our rights as set forth in the lease agreement rider attached as Exhibit 4 to the Franchise 
Agreement (the “Lease Agreement Rider”) and that you collaterally assign the lease to us as set forth in 
the collateral assignment of lease attached as Exhibit 5 to the Franchise Agreement (the “Collateral 
Assignment of Lease”). We possess the right to disapprove of a proposed lease if the landlord refuses to 
sign the Lease Agreement Rider in substantially the form set forth in Exhibit 4 to the Franchise 
Agreement. The Lease Agreement Rider grants certain rights to us, including our right to be notified in 
the event of a lease default and, potentially, for us to enter the premises of your Shop. 
 
2. System Supplies – Your Shop must maintain an initial and ongoing inventory of System Supplies. 
You must purchase the System Supplies, as designated by us, from us, our affiliates, and/or our 
designated suppliers.  
 
3. Furniture and Fixtures – Your Shop must be equipped with branded and unbranded furniture and 
fixtures that we designate and that meet our standards and specifications. You may purchase unbranded 
furniture and fixtures from any supplier of your choosing, provided that the furniture and fixtures meet 
our specifications and standards, which may also include specified manufacturers, brands and models. 
If the furniture and fixtures that we designate are specified to be branded with the Licensed Marks, then 
you may only purchase them from our designated exclusive suppliers. 
 
4. Signage – The signage for your Shop must meet our standards and specifications and must be 
purchased from our designated suppliers. 
 
5. Point of Sale System and Computer Equipment – Currently you are required to purchase, license and 
utilize a Toast point of sale system with one configured hardware terminal. You will also be required to 
purchase tablets, which will integrate with our mobile applications and which will facilitate mobile 
ordering and customer pick-up. Additionally, you must purchase and maintain a computer system on-
site at your Shop Location. In general, you will be required to obtain a computer system that will consist 
of certain hardware, software, and peripheral devices such as printers. You will be required to meet our 
requirements involving back office and point of sale systems, security systems, printers, back-up 
systems, and high-speed internet access. 
 
