 
18 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
(8) Franchisee shall keep and maintain the Business Management System and the Business 
Management System Data as secret and confidential, and Franchisee shall maintain security precautions 
to maintain the confidentiality and secrecy of the Business Management System Data and to prevent 
the unauthorized access or use; and 
 
(9) In no event shall Franchisor be liable to Franchisee for any damages, including any lost profits, lost 
savings, or other incidental or consequential damages, relating to Franchisee’s use or, Franchisee’s 
inability to use, the Business Management System even if Franchisor has been advised of the possibility 
of such damages, or for any claim by any other party including the software manufacturer. The 
foregoing limitations of liability are intended to apply without regard to whether other provisions of the 
Agreement have been breached or proven ineffective. 
 
 
3.G. 
DIGITAL MEDIA, SYSTEM WEBSITE AND TELEPHONE NUMBERS 
As between Franchisor and Franchisee, Franchisee agrees that Franchisor is the absolute owner of the 
Digital Media. Franchisee shall not use, access or open accounts regarding or related to Digital Media unless 
expressly approved by Franchisor in writing which approval Franchisor may withhold, condition or limit 
as determined by Franchisor in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment and which approval, if given, 
shall be limited to the marketing and promotion of the Franchised Business in accordance with Franchisor’s 
standards and specifications. Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason, any prior 
authorization by Franchisor as to Franchisee’s right to use the Digital Media and/or otherwise as to any 
rights of Franchisee in or to the Digital Media shall be automatically terminate and, at Franchisor’s election, 
the right to any and all accounts and/or sites (if any) associated with Digital Media utilized by Franchisee 
shall be transferred to Franchisor. Under no circumstance shall Franchisee utilize the Digital Media for 
purposes of or with the effect of libeling or disparaging another nor shall Franchisee violate any copyrights 
– as to such actions as between Franchisee and any third party, Franchisee is exclusively responsible for 
disparagement, libel and/or copyright infringement if Franchisee published and/or caused such content to 
be published.  
 
Franchisee agrees that Digital Media must be approved by Franchisor prior to publication or use in any 
form. Digital Media and Published Content that is approved by Franchisor or that otherwise is acceptable 
to Franchisor as meeting Franchisor’s standards shall be owned by Franchisor. As between Franchisor and 
Franchisee, any and all interest and right in or to the Digital Media and/or Published Content shall, at all 
times, be and is the exclusive property of Franchisor both during the Term of this Agreement and upon the 
expiration or termination of this Agreement. Franchisee agrees that the System Website and all 
improvements and modifications made to the System Website, Digital Media, and Published Content is and 
shall be the exclusive property of Franchisor. During the Term of this Agreement and subject to 
Franchisee’s compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the System Website, shall 
include information related to the Franchised Business as shall be determined and designated by Franchisor 
in Franchisor’s Reasonable Business Judgment.  
 
In the event of the termination of this Agreement, for any reason, that the accounts related to all telephone 
numbers associated with the Franchised Business and all rights in and to the telephone numbers associated 
with the Franchised Business, shall, at Franchisor’s election, be transferred to Franchisor.  
 
Without limitation to the foregoing, Franchisee shall, upon the request of Franchisor, execute and deliver 
to Franchisor the Assignment of Telephone Numbers and Digital Media Accounts attached to this 
Agreement as Exhibit 6. Upon the request of Franchisor, Franchisee shall execute, update, and/or re-execute 
the Assignment of Telephone Numbers and Digital Media agreement upon the request of Franchisor. As 
between Franchisor and all third parties, Franchisee does hereby represent and acknowledge that such third 
party is authorized to rely on the Assignment of Telephone Numbers and Digital Media agreement, 
