 
15 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
combined bodily injury and property damage limit of at least $1,000,000 per occurrence and 
$2,000,000 in the aggregate. There may be no products liability or completed operations exclusion. 
There may be no “injury to subcontractor employee,” or its equivalent, exclusion. The commercial 
general liability policy must provide coverage to you for the hold harmless and indemnity clauses 
contained in your Franchise Agreement; 
 
c) Statutory workers’ compensation insurance and employers’ liability insurance as required by the 
law of the state in which the Franchised Business is located, including statutory workers’ 
compensation limits and employers’ liability limits of at least $1,000,000; 
 
d) Business automobile insurance, including liability insurance coverage for hired and non-owned 
automobiles, with a combined single bodily injury and property damage limit of at least $1,000,000 
per occurrence; 
 
e) Business interruption insurance equal to 12 months of your net income and continuing expenses 
including Royalty Fees; 
 
f) Commercial umbrella liability insurance with total liability limit of at least $1,000,000; 
 
g) Cyber insurance, including data breach expense, with coverage for first party and third party 
claims, in the amount of not less than $1,000,000; 
 
h) Employment practices liability insurance with a limit of at least $2,000,000, including actions of a 
third party and a minimum limit of $100,000 for wage and hour disputes; and 
 
i) All other insurance that we require in the Operations Manual or that is required by law or by the 
lease or sublease for the Franchised Business. 
 
Purchase Agreements and Cooperatives  
We may, in our discretion, negotiate purchase agreements, including price terms, with designated suppliers 
for source restricted goods and services on behalf of the System. We may establish preferred vendor 
programs with suppliers on behalf of some or all of the Shops under the System. We may limit the number 
of approved vendors and/or suppliers that you may purchase from, and we may designate one vendor as 
your sole supplier. Presently, there are no purchase or supply agreements in effect for source restricted 
products or services and there are no purchasing or distribution cooperatives that you must join. You will 
not receive any material benefits for using our designated or approved suppliers.  
 
Our Right to Receive Compensation and Our Revenue from Source Restricted Purchases 
We and our affiliates may receive rebates, payments and other material benefits from suppliers based on 
your purchases and we reserve the right to institute and expand rebate programs in the future. As of the 
Issuance Date of this Disclosure Document we have not received revenue from suppliers from franchisee 
purchases of source restricted products or services. We do not provide our franchisees with any material 
benefits based on a franchisee’s purchase of particular products or services or use of particular suppliers.  
 
 
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
 
 
 
 
 
