iv 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
 
 
Special Risks to Consider About This Franchise 
 
Certain states require that the following risk(s) be highlighted: 
 
1. Out-of-State Dispute Resolution. The franchise agreement and multi-unit 
development agreement require you to resolve disputes with the franchisor by 
mediation, arbitration, and/or litigation only in California. Out-of-state mediation, 
arbitration, or litigation may force you to accept a less favorable settlement for 
disputes. It may also cost more to mediate, arbitrate, or litigate with the franchisor 
in California than in your own state. 
 
2. Spousal Liability. Your spouse must sign a document that makes your spouse liable 
for all your financial obligations under the franchise agreement even though your 
spouse has no ownership interest in the franchise. This guarantee will place both 
you and your spouse’s marital and personal assets at risk if your franchise fails.   
 
3. Short Operating History. The franchisor is at an early stage of development and 
has limited operating history. This franchise is likely to be a riskier investment than 
a franchise in a system with a longer operating history. 
 
4. Financial Support. The franchisor’s financial condition as reflected in its financial 
statements (See Item 21), calls into question the franchisor’s financial ability to 
provide services and support to you. 
 
5. Mandatory Minimum Payments. You must make minimum royalty or advertising 
fund payments, regardless of your sales levels. Your inability to make the payments 
may result in termination of your franchise and loss of your investment. 
 
6. Unregistered Trademark. The primary trademark that you will use in your 
business is not federally registered. If the franchisor’s right to use this trademark in 
your area is challenged, you may have to identify your business and its products or 
services with a name that differs from that used by other franchisees or the 
franchisors. This change can be expensive and may reduce brand recognition of the 
products or services you offer. 
 
Certain states may require other risks to be highlighted. Check the “State Specific 
Addenda” (if any) to see whether your state requires other risks to be highlighted. 
 
 
