 
3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
“Brand Development Fund” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 9.A. of this 
Agreement.  
 
“Brand Development Fund Fee” shall have the meaning defined and set forth in Article 9.A. of this 
Agreement.  
 
“Business Management System” means the software, internet, web based and/or cloud based system 
or systems, point of sale system or systems and customer relationship management system or systems 
as same may be individually, or collectively, designated by Franchisor, in Franchisor’s Reasonable 
Business Judgment, as being required for use by the Franchised Business.  
 
“Business Management System Data” means the forms, data, tools, customer information, inventory, 
sales, and other information that: (a) is pre-populated or entered into the Business Management System; 
(b) is entered by Franchisor or Franchisee into the Business Management System; and/or (c) is recorded, 
stored and/or maintained in connection with the Franchised Business.  
 
“Captive Market” means any and all facilities, venues, locations, and/or institutions with captive 
audiences or consumers, workers, members and/or participants. Without limitation to the foregoing, 
the term Captive Market shall further refer to and include, among other things: indoor malls, airports, 
transportation stations, factories, government facilities, military bases, hospitals, amusement parks, 
recreational parks or facilities, sports facilities, convention centers, travel centers, schools, colleges and 
other academic facilities, seasonal facilities, shopping malls, theaters, workplace cafeterias, hotels, and 
venues where food service is administered or provided as a concession by a master concessionaire.  
 
“Closed Market” means any and all Captive Markets that are presently, or in the future, located within 
Franchisee’s Designated Territory. 
 
“Collateral Assignment of Lease” means the Collateral Assignment of Lease agreement attached to 
this Agreement as Exhibit 5. 
 
“Competitive Business” means any business that (i) is the same as or similar to a Delah Coffee Shop 
(including traditional shops and outlets, mobile kiosks, and/or non-traditional outlets); and/or (ii) offers, 
sells, and/or provides Yemeni coffee. 
 
“Confidential Information” means all of Franchisor’s and Franchisor’s affiliates trade secrets, 
methods, standards, techniques, procedures, data and information, as same may exist as of the 
Effective Date of this Agreement and as same may be developed, modified and supplemented in the 
future, constituting and comprising: (a) methods, specifications, recipes, standards, policies, 
procedures, information, concepts, recipes, programs and systems relating to the development, 
establishment, marketing, promotion and operation of Delah Coffee Shops; (b) information concerning 
consumer preferences for services, products, materials and supplies used or sold by, and specifications 
for and knowledge of suppliers of certain materials, equipment, products, supplies and procedures used 
or sold by Delah Coffee Shops; (c) information concerning customers, customer lists, email lists, 
database lists, product sales, operating results, financial performance and other financial data of Delah 
Coffee Shops; (d) customer lists and information related to Delah Coffee Shops and the Franchised 
Business; (e) Business Management System Data; (f) recipes; (g) current and future information 
contained in the Operations Manual; and (h) Know-How. 
“Confidentiality Agreement” means the sample form of Confidentiality Agreement attached to this 
Agreement as Exhibit 2. 
 
