 
11 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
“Transfer Fee” shall have the meaning defined in Article 14.C.(11) of this Agreement. The Transfer 
Fee is a fixed sum of $10,000. 
 
ARTICLE 2 
GRANT OF FRANCHISE 
 
2.A.  
GRANT OF FRANCHISE 
Franchisee has requested that Franchisor grant to Franchisee the non-exclusive license and right to develop, 
own and operate a Delah Coffee Shop from a fixed Shop Location located within a specified territory. 
Relying on the representations made by Franchisee and/or Franchisee’s Owners in any submitted 
application and during the application process and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, 
Franchisee’s request has been approved by Franchisor, subject to each of the following terms and 
conditions:  
 
(1) During the Term of this Agreement and subject to the rights of Franchisor including, but not limited 
to, the Reserved Rights, Franchisor grants to Franchisee and Franchisee accepts, the non-exclusive 
license, right and obligation to develop and operate, one Delah Coffee Shop in conformity with the 
System and this Agreement from a single fixed shop location, selected by Franchisee but requiring the 
approval of Franchisor (“Franchisee’s Shop Location”) and, as designated by Franchisor in 
Franchisor’s discretion and Reasonable Business Judgment, within a Designated Territory.  
 
(2) If, as of the Effective Date, Franchisee has selected a proposed Shop Location that Franchisor 
approves as Franchisee’s Shop Location, then Franchisee’s Shop Location and Designated Territory, if 
any, shall be identified in Schedule 1 of this Agreement. To be effective, Schedule 1 must be completed 
and signed by Franchisor. Franchisee’s execution of Schedule 1 with a specific location for 
Franchisee’s Shop Location shall constitute Franchisee’s obligation to develop and operate the 
Franchised Business at the designated Franchisee Shop Location. 
 
(3) If, as of the Effective Date, Franchisee has not selected a proposed Shop Location, and/or has not 
obtained Franchisor’s approval of the proposed Shop Location, and/or Schedule 1 to this Agreement is 
left incomplete or is not signed by Franchisor, Franchisee must locate, identify and secure a Shop 
Location for the Franchised Business in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, including the 
requirement that Franchisee must obtain Franchisor’s approval of Franchisee’s Shop Location. If, after 
the Effective Date, Franchisee proposes and Franchisor approves of Franchisee’s proposed Shop 
Location, such approval must be in writing and must be evidenced by Franchisor’s execution of 
Schedule 1 with a specific Shop Location designated and identified in Schedule 1. At the time of 
executing a completed Schedule 1 and, thereby, approving Franchisee’s proposed Shop Location, 
Franchisor, in Franchisor’s discretion and Reasonable Business Judgment, shall designate and 
determine Franchisee’s Designated Territory. 
 
(4) If, as of the Effective Date or other appropriate periods after the Effective Date, Franchisee has not 
selected a proposed Shop Location that is approved by Franchisor but, Franchisee has identified an area 
in which Franchisee may look to secure a shop location for the Franchised Business, Franchisor, in 
Franchisor’s discretion and Reasonable Business Judgment, may enter into the Site Selection 
Acknowledgment attached to this Agreement as Exhibit 3. If executed by Franchisor, within the Exhibit 
3 Site Selection Acknowledgment, Franchisor shall designate a geographic area (the “Site Selection 
Area”) within which Franchisor, during the Site Selection Period, shall not, on behalf of any third party, 
approve any new Shop Location. Franchisee agrees that the Site Selection Acknowledgment does not 
constitute Franchisor’s approval of a proposed Shop Location, does not constitute Franchisor’s 
designation of Franchisee’s Designated Territory, does not afford Franchisee any territorial rights in or 
