 
35 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
The Franchise Relationship Under a Multi-Unit Development Agreement 
 
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP 
 
This table lists certain important provisions of the Franchise and related agreements.  You should 
read these provisions in the agreements attached to this Disclosure Document.  
 
 
Provision 
 
Sections in 
Multi-Unit 
Development 
Agreement 
 
Summary 
a.  
Length of the franchise term 
 
3 
Varies depending on the number of Shops to be developed 
and the Development Area. The agreement commences on the 
effective date and the term automatically expires at the earlier 
of the opening of the final Shop required for development, or 
the last day of the calendar month in which the final Shop was 
required to be open under the Multi-Unit Development 
Agreement. 
 
b. 
Renewal or extension of the 
term 
Not 
applicable 
There is no renewal of the Multi-Unit Development 
Agreement. 
 
c. 
Requirements for franchisee to 
renew or extend 
Not 
applicable 
There is no renewal of the Multi-Unit Development 
Agreement. 
 
d. 
Termination by franchisee 
Not 
applicable 
There is no option for your termination of the Multi-Unit 
Development Agreement. 
 
e. 
Termination by franchisor 
without cause 
Not 
applicable 
We can terminate without cause only if you and we mutually 
agree, in writing, to terminate. 
 
f. 
Termination by franchisor with 
“cause” 
3.2 
 
We may terminate your Multi-Unit Development Agreement 
with cause. Your Multi-Unit Development Agreement can be 
terminated by us if: (a) you abandon your obligations under 
the Multi-Unit Development Agreement; (b) if you for four 
consecutive months, or any shorter period that indicates an 
intent by you to discontinue your development of Shops 
within the Development Area; (c) if you become insolvent or 
you are adjudicated bankrupt, or if any action is taken by you, 
or by others against you, under any insolvency, bankruptcy or 
reorganization act, or if you make an assignment for the 
benefit or creditors or a receiver is appointed by you; (d) if 
you fail to meet your development obligations under the 
Development Schedule for any single Development Period 
including, but not limited to, your failure to establish, open 
and/or maintain the cumulative number of Shops in 
accordance with Development Schedule; and/or (e) in the 
event that any one Franchise Agreement is terminated 
respecting any Shop and/or any other Franchise Agreement 
between you and us. 
