 
48 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
(3) Upon the death of Franchisee or any Owner, the executor, administrator, conservator or other 
personal representative of that deceased person must transfer his interest to a person Franchisor 
approves within a reasonable time, not to exceed 12 months from the date of death.  
 
(4) If Franchisee is an individual, then in the event of the death or permanent disability of Franchisee, 
this Agreement may be Transferred to any designated person, heir or beneficiary without the payment 
of the Transfer Fee. Notwithstanding the immediately foregoing sentence, the Transfer of this 
Agreement to such transferee of Franchisee shall be subject to the applicable terms and conditions of 
this Article 14, and the Transfer shall not be valid or effective until Franchisor has received the properly 
executed legal documents, which Franchisor’s attorneys deem necessary to properly and legally 
document such Transfer of this Agreement. Furthermore, said transferee must agree to be 
unconditionally bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement, personally guarantee the 
performance of Franchisee’s obligations under this Agreement, and execute the Owner and Spouse 
Agreement and Guaranty attached to this Agreement as Exhibit 1. 
 
14.E. 
TRANSFER TO WHOLLY OWNED CORPORATE ENTITY 
In the event Franchisee is an individual/are individuals, this Agreement may be Transferred by Franchisee 
to a Corporate Entity (the “Assignee Corporate Entity”), provided that: (a) Franchisee has provided 
Franchisor with 30 days prior written notice of the proposed Assignment of this Agreement; (b) Franchisee 
(individually, jointly and severally as to each individual Franchisee) sign and be bound by the Owner and 
Spouse Agreement and Guaranty attached to this Agreement as Exhibit 1; (c) the Spouse of each Franchisee 
(individually, jointly and severally as to each individual Spouse) sign and be bound by the Owner and 
Spouse Agreement and Guaranty attached to this Agreement as Exhibit 1; (d) Franchisee has provided 
Franchisor with true and accurate copies of corporate formation documents related to the Assignee 
Corporate Entity and the ownership of the Assignee Corporate Entity and has further provided Franchisor 
with all additional documentation as Franchise may request concerning the proposed assignment and/or 
Assignee Corporate Entity; and (e) Franchisee is otherwise in compliance with the terms and conditions of 
this Agreement and any Ancillary Agreements. Franchisee agrees that an assignment to an Assignee 
Corporate Entity shall not relieve Franchisee of Franchisee’s individual obligations under this Agreement 
as such obligations existed between Franchisee and Franchisor prior to the date of any assignment to the 
Assignee Corporate Entity.  
 
14.F. 
FRANCHISOR’S RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL 
If Franchisee or an Owner desire to engage, in whole or in part, in a Transfer of Franchisee, this Agreement, 
Franchisee’s Shop, Franchisee’s Shop Facility, and/or Franchisee’s Shop Location, then Franchisee or such 
Owner (as applicable) must obtain a bona fide, signed written offer from the fully disclosed purchaser (the 
“Offer”) and submit an exact copy of the Offer to Franchisor. Franchisor shall have 30 days after receipt of 
the Offer to decide whether Franchisor will purchase the interest in Franchisee, Franchisee’s Shop, 
Franchisee’s Shop Facility, and/or Franchisee’s Shop Location for the same price and upon the same terms 
contained in the Offer (however, Franchisor may substitute cash for any form of payment proposed in the 
Offer). If Franchisor notifies Franchisee that Franchisor intends to purchase the interest within said 30 day 
period, Franchisee or Owner (as applicable) must sell the interest to Franchisor. Franchisor will have at 
least an additional 60 days to prepare for closing. Franchisor shall be entitled to receive from Franchisee or 
Owner (as applicable) all customary representations and warranties given by Franchisee or Owner (as 
applicable) as the seller of the assets and/or the ownership interest or, at Franchisor’s election, the 
representations and warranties contained in the offer. If Franchisor does not exercise its right of first refusal, 
Franchisee or Owner (as applicable) may complete the Transfer to the purchaser pursuant to and in 
accordance with the terms of the Offer, provided that separate and apart from this Article 14.F. right of first 
refusal, Franchisee complies with the terms of this Article 14. However, if the sale to the purchaser is not 
completed within 120 days after delivery of the Offer to Franchisor, or there is a material change in the 
terms of the sale, Franchisor will again have the right of first refusal specified in this Article 14.F. 
