 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
 
 
 
2 
assignment of Tenant’s interests in the Lease and/or the Leased Premises and if Landlord is inclined to 
approve of such amendment, transfer and/or assignment that Landlord shall condition Landlord’s approval 
upon Tenant also obtaining written consent from Franchisor.  
3. 
Upon the occurrence of (a) the termination, for any reason, of the Franchise Agreement; (b) the 
expiration, without renewal, of the Franchise Agreement; (c) Franchisor’s exercise of Franchisor’s Right 
of First Refusal granted to Franchisor in the Franchise Agreement; (d) Tenant’s default under the terms of 
the Lease; and/or (e) Tenant’s failure to exercise an option period under the terms of the Lease, Tenant and 
Landlord acknowledge and agree, that: 
 
Franchisor will have the option, but not the obligation, to assume or renew the Lease and 
the occupancy of the Leased Premises, including the right to sublease to another Franchisee 
of the Delah Coffee Franchise System, for all or any part of the remaining term of the Lease 
and, in connection with said assumption, Franchisor will not be obligated to pay to Landlord 
more than two months past due rent, real estate taxes and common area maintenance 
charges. In the event Franchisor assumes Tenant’s leasehold interest in the Lease pursuant 
to the terms of this Agreement and subsequently assigns the Lease and its leasehold interest 
to a Delah Coffee franchisee approved by Landlord, Franchisor shall not be responsible for 
any obligations, debts, liabilities or payments arising and/or accruing under the Lease after 
the effective date of such assignment. Landlord agrees that any assignment of the Lease and 
Tenant’s leasehold interests in the Lease by Tenant to Franchisor and/or assumption by 
Franchisor of the Lease and such leasehold interests shall not require Landlord consent and 
shall not require any payment of any assignment fee or similar charge or result in any 
increase in rent or other fees as a result of such assignment and/or assumption.  
 
4. 
Landlord must provide Franchisor, at the same time that Landlord provides Tenant, with a copy of 
all lease amendments and assignments, and a copy of all letters and notices that Landlord sends to Tenant 
relating to the Lease or the Premises. Subject to the rights set forth in Section “3” of this Rider, Landlord 
agrees to notify Franchisor by nationally recognized overnight courier at the Notice Address of any default 
by Tenant under the Lease. Landlord agrees that such notice shall afford Franchisor the option for 
Franchisor to invoke a cure period whereby Franchisor, upon Franchisor’s sole election, shall be granted 
an additional 15 day period to cure any monetary default by Tenant under the Lease and an additional 30 
day period to cure any non-monetary default by Tenant under the Lease. In the event that the non-monetary 
default cannot reasonably be cured within such period and if diligent efforts to cure promptly commence, 
then the cure period shall continue as long as such diligent efforts to cure continue, but not beyond 180 
days from the date notice is provided. 
 
5. 
Upon expiration and non-renewal or termination of the Lease or the Franchise Agreement, 
Franchisor shall have the right, upon notice to Landlord, to enter the Premises and remove any interior and 
exterior signs containing Franchisor’s trademarks and trade fixtures. Landlord further agrees that 
Franchisor’s rights to any such signs or fixtures shall be superior to any rights Landlord may have to such 
signs or fixtures (by lien or otherwise) set forth in the Lease or otherwise. 
 
7. Landlord and Tenant acknowledge and agree that Franchisor is an intended third party beneficiary 
of this Rider and that Franchisor may bring an action to enforce Franchisor’s rights under this Rider 
and in and to the Lease and the Leased Premises. Franchisor makes no representations or warranties 
regarding this Rider or in connection with the Lease and Franchisor’s approval of Tenant’s Lease 
only indicates that the proposed Lease meets Franchisor’s minimum criteria, and the parties agree 
that Franchisor’s approval or disapproval of the Lease will not impose any liability or obligation 
on Franchisor. Tenant must have a competent real estate attorney review the Lease, at Tenant’s 
expense. 
8.  
