 
3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delah Coffee FDD March 11, 2025 
Delah Imports Inc. 
Our affiliate Delah Importrs, Inc. is a California corporation established on February 20, 2024. This affiliate 
maintains a principal place of business at 450 Sansome Street, San Francisco, California 94111. Since July 
2024, this affiliate has owned and operated a Delah Coffee Shop in California that is similar to the 
Franchised Business offered in this Disclosure Document. This affiliate has not in the past and does not 
now offer franchises in any line of business. 
 
Market and Competition 
The marketplace for the menu items, products, and services offered by the Franchised Business is well 
developed and competitive. You will be competing with numerous shops, coffee houses, restaurants, 
concessionaires and food trucks that offer a wide range of food and beverage items in a wide variety of 
service formats, including businesses that operate independently and others that operate as a part of a 
regional or national chain. The market for the menu items, products and services offered by the Franchised 
Business is not seasonal unless your Shop is located within a seasonal market. 
 
Industry Specific Laws 
Many states and local jurisdictions have laws, rules, and regulations that may apply to your Shop, including 
rules and regulations related to construction, design and maintenance of your Shop, construction 
requirements, ventilation requirements, zoning and availability of outdoor patios; health and sanitation 
requirements for shop operation and employee practices concerning the storage, handling and preparation 
of food; restrictions on smoking; availability and cleanliness of restrooms; employee health and safety and 
emergency preparedness; use, storage and disposal of waste; menu labeling; nutrition labeling; and equal 
access for the disabled including, requirements imposed by The Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 
and state equivalent laws that may affect your shop construction and/or location requirements, specialized 
entrance ramps, doors, seating, bathroom facilities and other facility requirements. You should investigate 
and evaluate how these regulations and requirements and other regulations and requirements apply in the 
geographic where you will be locating your Shop. You should consult with your lawyer concerning these 
and other local laws, rules and regulations that may affect the operation of your Shop. 
 
ITEM 2 
BUSINESS EXPERIENCE 
 
Majed Jahamee, Chief Executive Officer 
Majed Jahamee is our CEO and has served in this role since our formation on October 21, 2024. Since July 
2024, Majed Jahamee has served as Owner of our second affiliate owned Delah Coffee Shop located in San 
Francisco, California. Since February 2023, Majed Jahamee has served as Owner of our affiliate owned 
Delah Coffee Shop located in Oakland, California. Since June 2022 and continuing to date, Majed Jahamee 
has served as Owner of our affiliate owned Delah Coffee Shop located in San Francisco, California. From 
2019 to 2022, Majed Jahamee was Manager and Owner at Metro by T-Mobile in Daly City, California.  
 
Omar Jahamee, District Manager and Franchisee Trainer  
Omar Jahamee is our District Manager and Franchisee Trainer and has served in this role since our 
formation on October 21, 2024. Since July 2024, Omar Jahamee has served as Manager of our second 
affiliate owned Delah Coffee Shop located in San Francisco, California. Since February 2023, Omar 
Jahamee has served as Owner and Manager of our affiliate owned Delah Coffee Shop located in Oakland, 
California. Since June 2022 and continuing to date, Omar Jahamee has served as Manager of our affiliate 
owned Delah Coffee Shop located in San Francisco, California. From March 2022 to April 2022 Omar 
Jahamee served as a Manager at Finjan Café in Garden City, Michigan. From February 2021 to October 
2021 Omar Jahamee served as Manager at Westborn Supermarket in Dearborn, Michigan. 
 
 
