Lender 
Re: 
Hotel Name – Facility No. _____ 
Page 2 
{004028-999987 M0028580.DOC; 1} 
the intercreditor agreement to exercise the rights of Lender under this letter agreement. Lender agrees 
that Franchisor shall have no obligation to resolve inconsistent instructions if it receives instructions from 
more than one lender and Franchisor shall have no liability to any lender as a result of any action that 
Franchisor takes in good faith at the direction of another lender, or any failure of Franchisor to act in the 
face of inconsistent instructions. 
 
[IF PRIOR LENDER COMFORT LETTER EXISTS:  
Reference is also made to a letter agreement dated ____________, among Franchisor [CONFIRM 
ENTITY], Franchisee [CONFIRM ENTITY] and Lender [CONFIRM ENTITY] (“Existing Comfort Letter”). 
[IF EXISTING COMFORT LETTER IS WITH SAME LENDER: This letter agreement replaces the Existing 
Comfort Letter, which is null and void, and of no further force or effect. ] [IF MORE THAN ONE EXISTING 
COMFORT LETTER, MODIFY THIS AND ¶¶ 5 AND 6 AS NEEDED] 
 
1. 
Cure Period. 
 
(a) 
Notice of Franchisee Default. Franchisor will concurrently provide Lender a copy 
of any default notice sent to Franchisee under the Franchise Agreement. The notice will be sent to Lender 
at the address set forth above or such other address designated by Lender in writing, provided that only a 
single address may be designated and it may not be a P.O. Box.   
 
(b) 
Lender’s Cure Periods.  Lender shall have the right, but not the obligation, to 
cure the default within fifteen (15) calendar days beyond the expiration of any cure period given to 
Franchisee (“Lender’s Cure Period”). If the default is for failure to comply with physical standards or 
other non-monetary default which could only be cured by Lender acquiring possession and/or ownership 
of the Hotel (each, an “Acquisition”), Lender may have an additional period of one hundred eighty (180) 
calendar days, commencing at the expiration of Lender’s Cure Period, for Lender to complete its 
Acquisition, through foreclosure or other appropriate proceedings (“Additional Period”); provided that 
Lender must: (i) notify Franchisor no later than the date it commences proceedings (or promptly after 
action is stayed or enjoined) that Lender wants the Additional Period; (ii) commence proceedings and 
diligently prosecute such proceedings to completion; and (iii) comply with the obligations of Franchisee 
under the Franchise Agreement not being performed by Franchisee during the Additional Period including 
payment of all monetary obligations but excluding those obligations which can only be performed by 
Franchisee or which Lender cannot perform without possession and/or ownership of the Hotel. On 
request by Lender, the Additional Period may be further extended by Franchisor in its determination, 
which determination shall take into consideration the period of time required to complete an Acquisition in 
the applicable jurisdiction, and any period of time in which Lender’s action has been stayed or enjoined. If 
Franchisor has not issued a default notice to Franchisee or Lender has cured Franchisee’s default during 
Lender’s Cure Period and Lender commences a foreclosure or other proceeding intended to result in an 
Acquisition, Lender may exercise the rights under this letter agreement under the terms and timelines 
outlined in this Subparagraph. If Franchisor has not issued a default notice, Lender’s notice to Franchisor 
of Franchisee’s default under the Loan will be deemed to initiate the timeline outlined under the Lender’s 
Cure Period and Additional Period. Franchisor acknowledges and agrees that an Acquisition shall not be 
deemed a sale or lease of the Hotel under the Franchise Agreement, nor a violation of any control or 
transfer provisions of the Franchise Agreement, and shall not be subject to any right of first refusal or right 
of first offer contained in the Franchise Agreement. 
 
(c) 
Franchisor’s Rights to Terminate Franchise Agreement.  Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this letter agreement, Franchisor may terminate the Franchise Agreement if any of the 
following occur: (i) Franchisee’s default or any subsequent default, in the sole opinion of Franchisor, 
damages the image or reputation of Franchisor or any brand name owned and/or licensed by Hilton 
Worldwide Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation, or its subsidiaries or affiliates (collectively, “Hilton”); 
(ii) Franchisor is required to terminate the Franchise Agreement by court order or action of any trustee in 
