 
 
41 
 2025 US EMBASSY SUITES 
we nor our affiliates receive any fees or other revenues from the optional E’Terie food and 
beverage establishment. The estimated cost of establishing an E’Terie Bar and Grill is included 
in Item 7 above. 
Optional Brickstones Kitchen and Bar (BKB) Food and Beverage Establishment 
Brickstones Kitchen and Bar (“BKB”) is an optional full-service kitchen and bar for Embassy Suites 
hotels. It is planned with an adaptable environment to meet a variety of guest and owner needs. 
The menu is familiar and approachable in order to be engaging to a wide variety of guests. The 
bar hosts a regular evening reception featuring signature cocktails, local beers and wines. BKB 
is designed as a bar-centric space that is very efficient and flexible for all day parts, including 
morning and evening food and beverage operations. The dining space can be adjusted to meet 
demand at breakfast and can function as group dining facilities for lunch or dinner. If you want to 
operate a BKB food and beverage establishment in your Hotel, you must apply for consent to do 
so and we may withhold our consent for any reason or no reason. If you choose to operate a BKB 
at your Hotel and we permit you to do so, you will be required to follow our Manual and Standards 
for its operation, including offering the required menu items, layout and décor. Neither we nor our 
affiliates receive any fees or other revenues from the optional BKB food and beverage 
establishment. The estimated cost of establishing a Brickstones Kitchen and Bar is included in 
Item 7 above. 
Promotional Programs 
We may develop promotional programs with third-party companies that feature those companies’ 
branded products or services being offered or used by our System Hotels. By way of example, 
we have collaborated with Tesla Inc., in connection with our electric vehicle (EV) charging 
program, and with Mars Petcare and its family of pet care brands in connection with our pet-
friendly hotel programs. We may launch, modify, and end any such promotional programs at any 
time. We may require or permit your Hotel to participate in these promotional programs, which 
can involve: (1) offering specified promotional program products or services to guests; (2) 
participating in related marketing efforts; (3) following related operating Standards; (4) purchasing 
and using certain related equipment and supplies; and (5) paying any fees or costs associated 
with the promotional programs (if any). We may designate approved suppliers for any such 
promotional programs or related products and services, and we and our affiliates may receive 
fees, rebates, and other revenues from your purchases related to these promotional programs as 
described in this Item 8. 
Construction and Renovation 
Before we permit you to proceed with your plans for construction or remodeling of the hotel, and 
any time you make changes that affect usability or access to your Hotel, your architect or other 
applicable certified professional must certify to us that the hotel's plans and specifications comply 
with all Laws related to accessibility/accommodations/facilities for those with disabilities, as further 
described in the Manual. You may be required to complete an ADA Survey in conjunction with an 
approved ADA consultant and in the form required by us, to determine if the hotel is in compliance 
with the ADA within 30 days of our request.  The process for completing the survey, and other 
requirements related to it, will be set forth in the Manual.  If requested, you must arrange for us 
and/or our affiliates to participate in all progress meetings during the development and 
construction of the hotel, to have access to all contract and construction documents for the hotel 
and to have access to the hotel during reasonable business hours to inspect the hotel and its 
construction, completion, furnishing and equipment for conformity to the finally-approved 
construction documents. However, we and our affiliates have no obligation to participate in 
progress meetings or to inspect the hotel. Our approval is not a representation of the adequacy 
