 
 
47 
 2025 US EMBASSY SUITES 
of our affiliate, HIH (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.6). The Table of Contents of the 
eforea spa Manual is attached at Exhibit H-2. We will also provide you with a list of 
approved suppliers and specifications for required operating equipment, products, 
supplies and furnishings in the spa (Spa Amendment, Paragraph 4). 
8. 
We will specify initial and ongoing required and optional training programs (Franchise 
Agreement, Section 4.1). You must pay a fee for these programs and the training 
materials. You must also pay travel, lodging and other expenses associated with training 
(see Training below). 
We are not obligated to assist you with locating, purchasing or leasing a site for your Hotel. 
Computer System 
You must use our required business computer system, which we may periodically change 
(Franchise Agreement, Sections 5.1.3 and 5.1.6).  Currently, we require you to use “OnQ,” which 
connects System Hotels to Hilton’s reservation offices and travel planners worldwide. OnQ is 
comprised of proprietary components for reservations, property management, revenue 
management, rate & inventory management, forecast management, learning management, and 
other components we consider necessary to support the following activities: reservations, 
distribution, sales, customer relationship management, hotel operations, and business 
intelligence gathering and analysis. The complete OnQ package currently includes hardware, 
software, installation, and support. We also require you to use our required Guest Internet Access 
System, which we may periodically change.  The components of each are described below, and 
the cost estimates are based on a standard prototype Brand hotel.    
The OnQ System 
OnQ Hardware and Software. You must use authorized hardware and the required software 
for the OnQ system. You may acquire the authorized hardware from HSS or its preferred 
providers, or you may purchase or lease it through other third-party providers. If you acquire 
the hardware from another (non-preferred) third party, you must also pay HSS for its 
reasonable expenses in determining that it conforms to our specifications. You must also pay 
for all necessary communications vehicles for OnQ (wide area network connections, electronic 
mail, and Internet connections), along with the installation and configuration costs, and travel 
and other expenses of the employees and vendors who perform the installation and 
configuration services.  
The property management system component within the OnQ system is called the Hilton 
Property Management System ("HPMS”). HPMS may also be referred to as the Property 
Engagement Platform (“PEP®”). You are required to license the HPMS software from our 
affiliate, HSS. HSS is the only supplier of the HPMS software because of its proprietary nature. 
We are not able to determine a separate market price because there is no third-party market 
for this product in its entirety. You must pay for the reasonable travel and other expenses of 
HSS employees and vendors who install and maintain the software. If you purchase the 
standard hardware and software from HSS, we estimate it will cost between $70,576 and 
$151,184. This includes hardware, software, installation and certain other costs and fees, and 
is based on the size of the hotel and number of workstations. These fees are not refundable. 
About 90 to 120 days before your Hotel opens, you must sign the agreement for OnQ (HITS 
Agreement) and/or other related agreements we require, which will govern your access to and 
