 
 
18 
 2025 US EMBASSY SUITES 
adopt the pricing recommendations provided by GRO. The initial set-up costs of this system that 
are paid to HSS are shown in this table. See Item 11 for details. 
Delphi System.  You must install our required “Delphi” system, which is a cloud-based sales and 
events system from Amadeus Hospitality. You must pay the initial set-up costs of this system to 
the vendor. See Item 11 for details. 
Connected Room System. You must install our “Connected Room” system, which provides an 
assortment of streaming apps and allows guests to control their guest room television using the 
Hilton Honors App. Currently, there are no initial set up costs that are payable to us or our 
affiliates. The initial set up costs are paid to the vendor, and the ongoing monthly support fees are 
paid to us. See Items 6 and 11 for details.   
Digital Floor Plan. You must pay for the preparation of a Digital Floor Plan for your Hotel. HSS 
will have the Digital Floor Plan prepared by a local vendor. The floor plan will be used by us and 
our affiliates, including Hilton Honors Worldwide, to allow Hilton Honors guests to choose their 
room from a map of the Hotel and enable digital check-in. The initial set-up cost is paid to HSS. 
See Item 11 for details. 
Digital Key System. You must use our Digital Key system, which enables hotel guests to open 
their guest room doors wirelessly (without a physical door key) with their mobile phones and 
personal mobile devices through the Hilton Honors App. Currently, there is no separate charge 
for the Digital Key system because it is part of OnQ. See Item 11 for details. 
Hilton Opening Transition Tool. You must use Hilton Opening Transition Tool, which is a pre-
opening guide for System Hotels. Currently, the license fee is up to $1,000. 
The costs shown above do not include certain costs payable to third parties in connection with 
the OnQ system. They also do not include costs payable to third parties in connection with our 
required Guest Internet Access system, Delphi Sales and Events System, or the costs of optional 
computer system components that we may recommend. (including, for example, other business 
computer systems outside of OnQ such as financial and accounting systems, timekeeping and 
payroll, point of sale, telephone, and certain inventory systems). Additionally, these costs do not 
include any delay or re-scheduling fees we may charge you if the opening of your hotel is delayed 
and/or rescheduled. See Item 11 for details. Occasionally we may offer discounts and other 
benefits to support the adoption of new technology components, programs, or services. All 
computer system costs are subject to change, and normally are not refundable. See Item 11 for 
a more detailed description of each of these required and recommended computer systems.  
 
4. 
Whether we require you to install a spa in your Hotel or we approve your request to install 
a spa in your Hotel, the spa must meet our specifications. We recommend that you install our 
eforea branded spa in your Hotel, but you do not have to use this concept. If you install our eforea 
spa concept in your Hotel, you will sign the Spa Amendment and pay us an initial fee. The fee is 
due when you sign the Spa Amendment and is nonrefundable.  We will provide you with eforea 
design and construction guidelines, a collateral suite, spa menus, and access to required training 
provided by suppliers. After your Hotel opens, you may either manage the spa yourself or retain 
the services of another spa management company approved by us.  If you install an alternate spa 
concept, you must enter into an agreement with a third-party spa management company we 
approve to provide consulting services to you in connection with the spa, including spa build-out 
and design, planning and concept development, business model creation, IT, construction and 
technical services, equipment selection and procurement, operational guidelines, menu 
development, and sales and marketing services. 
