 
 
59 
 2025 US EMBASSY SUITES 
received (“Advance Purchase Fee”).  Guests typically make advance payments using their credit 
or debit cards.  In 2024, we rolled out an enhancement to this program that permits guests to 
make payments with certain third-party digital payment apps and online services such as Google 
Pay and Apple Pay.  The third-party apps/payment providers may change over time.  If you 
choose to participate in the Advance Purchase Program you will be required to offer digital 
payments as an option to your guests.  You must also open a merchant account and sign a 
Licensee Merchant Agreement with a third-party vendor called Adyen N.V. (“Adyen”) and a 
Refund Authorization with us.  Adyen provides electronic payment processing services for this 
program.  Currently, you do not have to pay any additional fees to us or to Adyen to enroll in the 
digital payments option and the Advance Purchase Fee will be waived.  However, Adyen may 
charge certain transaction, processing, or service fees that apply to your account.  If you wish to 
participate in the Advance Purchase Program, we will provide complete details on request. We 
may modify this program and make this program or some of its components mandatory in the 
future.      
 
Time Frame for Opening the Hotel 
You must begin construction of a New Development hotel within 16 months from the date we 
approve your Application. You must complete construction of a New Development hotel, receive 
our authorization for opening and open your Hotel within 36 months from the date we approve 
your Application.  
In Conversion, Re-licensing or Change of Ownership situations, you may be required to upgrade 
the property to meet our standards. We will establish a deadline by which you must begin the 
work on a project-by-project basis. Generally, the deadline is the date you close on the purchase 
of your Hotel. Generally, you must complete the upgrades for Change of Ownership situations 
within the timeframes we establish in the PIP. In Conversion and Re-licensing situations, we 
determine the commencement and completion deadlines according to your PIP. We determine 
the deadlines for beginning and completing work for suite additions on a project-by-project basis. 
If you will operate an eforea spa, you must open the spa by the date we specify, which will 
generally be within 12 months after the date you sign the Spa Amendment. 
ITEM 12 
TERRITORY 
We grant franchisees a non-exclusive license to use the System during the term of the Franchise 
Agreement to operate a franchised hotel at a specified location. There are no provisions in the 
standard Franchise Agreement granting franchisees a protected area or territory. You will not 
receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from hotels that 
our affiliates own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control. The 
standard Franchise Agreement permits us to own, operate, manage, franchise, license, lease, or 
affiliate or associate with any Other Business of any nature, whether in the lodging or hospitality 
industry or not, and whether under the Brand, a competitive brand, or otherwise, at any time and 
in any location.  We and our affiliates have the right to engage in any Other Businesses, even if 
they compete with your Hotel, the Brand, System Hotels, or Network Hotels, and whether we or 
our affiliates start those businesses, or purchase, merge with, acquire, are acquired by, come 
under common ownership with, affiliate or associate with, such Other Businesses.   
 
We may also: (a) modify the System by adding, altering, or deleting elements of the System; (b) 
use or license to others all or part of the System; (c) use the facilities, programs, services and/or 
personnel used in connection with the System in Other Businesses; and (d) use the System, the 
Brand, and the Marks in the Other Businesses. You acknowledge and agree that you have no 
