 
 
40 
 2025 US EMBASSY SUITES 
competitors) for group and event business. Groups360 receives fees and commissions for the 
services it provides. As an equity owner, our affiliate may receive pro-rata share of distributions 
from Groups360. Currently, neither we nor any of our affiliates receive any other direct or indirect 
fees, rebates, discounts or other benefits from Groups360 in connection with purchases made by 
our franchisees, but we may in the future.  
 
Signage 
You must install, display, and maintain signage displaying or containing the Brand name and other 
distinguishing characteristics in accordance with plans, specifications and standards we establish 
for System Hotels. You must purchase exterior signage from a vendor currently licensed by us.  
You may contact us for a current list in your area.   
Reservation Service  
You must use the Reservation Service for reservation referrals. You must also purchase computer 
terminal equipment and software compatible for use with the Reservation Service. The computer 
equipment and software you purchase for OnQ satisfies the requirement that you purchase 
computer equipment and software compatible with the Reservation Service. Although you must 
use the Reservation Service, you may also use other reservation services to refer reservations to 
(but not by or from) your Hotel. 
Business Computer Systems 
You must use our required business computer systems, which we may periodically change.  
Currently, we require you to use OnQ, which connects System Hotels to Hilton’s reservation 
offices and travel planners worldwide.  For OnQ you must have certain hardware, software, 
installation, and support. We also require you to use our required Guest Internet Access System. 
For Guest Internet Access you must have certain hardware, software, an internet access circuit, 
and internet service.  In addition, you must have the Connected Room system, the GRO system, 
the Delphi.fdc system, a Digital Floor Plan, and Digital Key system that meet our Standards and 
specifications.  All of these components must be acquired from either HSS or preferred providers, 
or may be acquired from other (non-preferred) vendors, depending on the specific product or 
service and the individual circumstances of your Hotel. We will provide you with our Standards 
and specifications as appropriate, but we do not issue Standards or technical specifications that 
are proprietary or confidential without protections in place that we deem sufficient (such as vendor 
confidentiality agreements). At certain times there might be only one approved software vendor 
for certain applications, such as the GRO system and the Delphi.fdc system.  See Items 5, 6, and 
11 for details. In the future, any of the products or services may be manufactured or provided by 
an approved supplier who is also our client or supplier.  See Item 8 above regarding HSS and 
other affiliate revenues related to the required business computer systems.   
Optional E’Terie Food and Beverage Establishment 
E'Terie Bar and Grill is an optional food and beverage establishment that is designed to be a 
social hub and icon within the atrium of an Embassy Suites hotel.  It features a full bar and fast-
casual dining menu, with varied seating and intimate seating zones. The bar offers an easy-to-
execute modern cocktail list, popular wines and beers, and regional craft beers. Shareable menu 
items help support a transition from evening reception to a lively bar nightlife. If you want to 
operate an E’Terie food and beverage establishment in your Hotel, you must apply for consent 
and we may withhold our consent for any reason or no reason.  If you choose to operate an 
E’Terie at your Hotel and we permit you to do so, you will be required to follow our Manual and 
Standards for its operation, including offering the required menu items, layout and décor. Neither 
