 
 
50 
 2025 US EMBASSY SUITES 
Delphi System 
You must use Delphi.fdc, a cloud-based sales and events system powered by Amadeus 
Hospitality, in a configuration we approve. The set-up costs of this system are between $900 and 
$41,000. Additional set-up costs may apply, depending on the implementation approach you 
choose and the specific needs of your Hotel. You will pay the set-up costs to the vendor directly.  
You must also pay annual license fees and maintenance costs of $858 per user per year. You 
will pay all Delphi system fees to HSS, which are passed through to the vendor. The optional on-
property license fee includes a 10% mark-up, which we keep to help cover our costs in developing 
and maintaining the Delphi system for Network Hotels. Depending on your Hotel’s technology 
configuration, you may be required to utilize the MeetingBroker lead distribution platform, which 
integrates with Delphi.fdc and other group booking systems. MeetingBroker is also powered by 
Amadeus Hospitality. There are no separate fees for the MeetingBroker lead distribution platform, 
although you may be required to sign a separate license agreement with Amadeus Hospitality to 
use it.  We are not obligated to provide any maintenance or updates for either of these systems. 
You must maintain and update them at your cost to remain in compliance with the Standards. 
There are no limits on the frequency or cost of this obligation.  We will have independent access 
to your Hotel’s event sales information stored in these systems (including accounts, inventory, 
bookings and other data). There are no contractual limitations on our right to access this 
information.   
Eforea Spa 
If you open an eforea spa at your Hotel, you must obtain and use industry appropriate spa booking 
software to schedule customer appointments, record customer information and transaction data, 
take payments for services, create reports regarding your spa’s operations and create and 
customize social media and email marketing campaigns. You will also need to purchase certain 
other equipment including a bar code scanner, magstrips reader and receipt printer. Neither we, 
nor any affiliate or any third party has any obligation to provide ongoing maintenance, repairs, 
upgrades or updates related to any such computer system. We can periodically require you to 
upgrade or update any of your spa computer systems while you are operating an eforea spa. 
There are no contractual limitations on the cost of this obligation.   
Digital Floor Plan 
You must pay $2,500 for the preparation of a Digital Floor Plan for your Hotel. HSS will have the 
Digital Floor Plan prepared by a local vendor. The floor plan will be used by us and our affiliates, 
including Hilton Honors Worldwide, to allow Hilton Honors guests to choose their room from a 
map of the hotel and enable digital check-in. This fee is paid to HSS before opening, and is not 
refundable. 
Digital Key 
 
You must use our Digital Key system, which enables hotel guests to open their guest room doors 
wirelessly (without a physical door key) through the Hilton Honors App. This effectively allows 
guests to use their mobile phone as their room key. There is no separate charge for the Digital 
Key system. The software for the system is within the OnQ system described above, and the 
hardware consists of electronic door locksets and a programming device which are included in 
the construction cost estimates in Item 7 above.   
 
