 
 
7 
 2025 US EMBASSY SUITES 
establishments for the food and beverage business of the general public.  In addition to competing 
with lodging facilities that offer services comparable to the System, you may also compete with 
lodging designed to serve particular segments of the market and to fill particular lodging demands. 
If you are operating an eforea spa, you will compete with other spa concepts, wellness centers, 
and other parties offering the same or similar services.  This would include salons that offer many 
of the services your spa will offer and individuals and businesses that provide certain of the 
services you offer, such as massage therapists. 
 
We and our affiliates engage in a wide range of business activities in lodging and related services, 
both directly and through the activities of our and their parents and affiliates. Some of these 
activities may be competitive with your Hotel and the System. We and/or our affiliates may own, 
operate, franchise, license, acquire, create or establish, or serve as franchisee or licensee for, 
competitive guest lodging facilities or networks anywhere, including within any Restricted Area, 
under any brands or marks (but not under the Brand or mark “Embassy Suites” in any Restricted 
Area). We and/or our affiliates may also furnish services, products, advice and support to guest 
lodging facilities, networks, properties or concepts located anywhere, including within any 
Restricted Area, in any manner that we, or our affiliates determine. We and/or any of our affiliates 
may be sold to or otherwise acquired by an existing competitor or newly formed entity which itself 
has established or may establish competitive guest lodging facilities located anywhere (provided 
that any Restricted Area protections will be observed). Further, we and/or our affiliates may 
purchase, merge, acquire, or affiliate in any other way with any franchised or non-franchised 
network or chain of guest lodging facilities or any other business operating guest lodging facilities 
regardless of the location of that network, chain or other business’s facilities, including within any 
Restricted Area, and that we may operate, franchise or license those other facilities under any 
brands or marks anywhere regardless of the location of those businesses and/or facilities. There 
is no mechanism for resolving any conflicts that may arise between your Hotel and other hotels 
described in this paragraph. 
 
Laws, Rules and Regulations 
Your hotel business must conform to innkeeper liability laws, laws and regulations regarding 
health and safety, food handling and preparation, menu and labeling laws, alcoholic beverage 
control laws and dram shop acts, license, certificate and permit requirements for hotel and 
restaurant operation and occupancy, laws regulating the posting of hotel room rates, hotel room 
occupancy tax laws, and laws applicable to public accommodations and services such as the 
Americans with Disabilities Act (“ADA”). If you are operating an eforea spa, you should be aware 
that many states have laws requiring the licensing or certification of spa professionals, such as 
cosmetologists, nail technicians, estheticians and massage therapists.  Some states also have 
laws that restrict the types of services and treatments these professionals can provide under their 
specific licenses. In addition, the general business laws, rules and regulations which apply to 
hotels in your jurisdiction will affect you. This includes any government orders related to emergent 
conditions, such as natural disasters and public health emergencies. You should consult your 
lawyer about each of the laws and regulations that apply in your area. 
ITEM 2 
BUSINESS EXPERIENCE 
Below is a list of the directors, principal officers, and other individuals who have management 
responsibility for the sale or operation of the franchise offered under this Disclosure Document.  
The location of employment for each person is McLean, Virginia unless stated otherwise.   
