HITS Agreement (USA/CA) (PEP) (Version 6.2024) 
 
Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj% Version: %Version% 
2.1.3 
Customer will not remove or obscure any copyright, trademark, other mark or confidentiality notices affixed to any 
Software and will not modify it or combine it with or into any other program, data or device. 
2.1.4 
No legal or equitable title to or ownership of any of the Software or any proprietary rights therein are transferred to 
Customer under this Agreement other than the limited software license specified herein. 
2.1.5 
 Customer acknowledges and agrees that the Software is owned by HSS, HSS’ Affiliates and/or their respective 
licensors and that everything in the Software, including all intellectual property, is proprietary to HSS, HSS’s Affiliates and/or 
their licensors, respectively. Customer also acknowledges and agrees that HSS may, at its discretion, make changes in, and 
substitutions of, the Software. Any new or additional Software made available to Customer by HSS is licensed to Customer 
under the terms of this Agreement. 
2.2 
Fees and Payment.  All Fees are subject to change by HSS and/or the relevant third party as applicable.  Customer will make 
all payments under or required by this Agreement in United States Dollars and within thirty (30) days of receipt of the invoice therefore. 
2.3 
Master Agreements with Third Parties.  HSS or its designee may, without warranty or representation of any kind, negotiate with 
any third-party vendor a master services, software or equipment purchase or lease agreement (collectively, the “Master Agreements”) 
and permit Customer to purchase or lease Authorized Equipment, license software and purchase services from those third-party vendors 
(each a “Preferred Provider”) pursuant to the terms of the applicable Master Agreements.  The Preferred Providers may require Customer 
to execute a joinder or participation agreement for the applicable Master Agreement, in substantially the forms contained in schedules to 
the relevant Order Document (collectively, the “Joinder Agreements”).  Customer will be bound by the terms of that Master Agreement 
as specified in the relevant Joinder Agreement(s) and will be directly and solely responsible for Customer’s compliance with and 
performance under the Joinder Agreement. 
2.4 
Customer Cooperation. Customer will provide HSS and its Affiliates and its and their respective third-party providers with such 
cooperation relating to HSS’s performance of its obligations under this Agreement as HSS may reasonably request from time to time. 
Customer agrees to comply with the Information System’s regulations, rules and policies as HSS may determine from time to time. 
Customer also agrees to comply with the Brand Standards. 
ARTICLE 3. 
AUDITS 
Customer will maintain records sufficient to permit verification of Customer’s compliance with this Agreement.  Upon forty-five (45) days 
written notice (or such shorter period of time as may be required under any applicable Master Agreement), HSS or its designee may 
perform examinations, tests, audits, inspections and reviews of Customer’s compliance with this Agreement, including by using the 
services of one or more third parties. Customer will cooperate with HSS’s audit activities and provide reasonable assistance and access 
to information when requested, including to all of the following:  (a) any part of any facility, including the Hotel, at which any Services and 
products provided pursuant to this Agreement are performed, provided or used; (b) the employees and contractors Customer uses in 
connection with its operation of the Hotel; and (c) data and records. No such audit will unreasonably interfere with Customer’s normal 
business operations.  Customer agrees that HSS will not be responsible for any of Customer’s costs incurred in cooperating with any 
audit. 
ARTICLE 4. 
TERMINATION 
4.1  
Termination. HSS may terminate this Agreement by written notice to Customer on any of the following grounds: 
4.1.1 
Customer fails to pay any sums due and payable under this Agreement and fails to cure such failure within the cure 
period set forth in the notice, which will not be less than ten (10) days;  
4.1.2 
Customer breaches its obligations under Article 6 (Confidentiality);  
4.1.3 
Customer fails to refresh the Authorized Equipment at the Hotel as required by HSS; and 
4.1.4 
Customer breaches any other provision of this Agreement and does not cure that breach within the cure period set 
forth in the notice, which will not be less than thirty (30) days.   
This Agreement will automatically terminate upon the termination or expiration of the Relationship Agreement. 
4.2 
Customer’s Obligations upon Termination or Expiration.  Upon any such termination the licenses granted to Customer under this 
Agreement, and the obligations of HSS to provide any Agreement Products and Services will immediately terminate. Customer will 
immediately cease using all Agreement Products and Services and promptly at HSS’s discretion return any and all Agreement Products 
to HSS other than Authorized Equipment Customer owns, or destroy the same; provided, however, that Customer must return to HSS all 
Software contained in such Authorized Equipment.  All of Customer’s covenants and obligations under this Agreement will survive 
termination and expiration. 
