 
 
62 
 2025 US EMBASSY SUITES 
Restricted Area protections, if any, will be observed). We and/or our affiliates may also furnish 
services, products, advice, and support to competitive guest lodging businesses or any other 
businesses, facilities, networks, properties or concepts located anywhere, at any time, including 
in your Restricted Area, in any manner we or our affiliates determine. We or any of our affiliates 
may be sold to or otherwise acquired by an existing competitor or newly formed entity which itself 
has established or may establish competitive guest lodging businesses or any other businesses 
located anywhere, at any time (provided that your Restricted Area protections, if any, will be 
observed). Further, we and/or our affiliates may purchase, merge, acquire, or affiliate in any other 
way with any franchised or non-franchised network or chain of guest lodging businesses or any 
other business regardless of the location of that business, network, chain, or other business’s 
facilities, including within your Restricted Area, and that following such activity we may own, 
operate, manage, franchise, license, or lease those other facilities under any brands or marks 
anywhere, at any time, regardless of the location of those businesses or facilities (provided that 
your Restricted Area protections, if any, will be observed). There is no mechanism for resolving 
any conflicts that may arise between your Hotel and other hotels or businesses described in this 
paragraph. 
You may not register, own or maintain any Sites relating to the Network or your Hotel or that 
include the Marks. The only domain names, Sites, or Site contractors that you may use relating 
to your Hotel or the Franchise Agreement are those we assign or otherwise approve in writing. 
You must obtain our advance written approval for any third-party Site in which your Hotel will be 
listed, and any proposed links between the third-party Site and any Linked Sites and any proposed 
modifications to all Sites and Linked Sites. See Item 11 for more information about our Web Site 
requirements and limitations. The Franchise Agreement does not otherwise limit the channels 
through which you may solicit customers for your Hotel. 
We do not permit the relocation of franchised hotels. You have no options, rights of first refusal 
or similar rights to acquire additional franchises. 
ITEM 13 
TRADEMARKS 
Trademark Use: Your Rights 
We grant you a limited, nonexclusive right to use our System in the operation of a hotel at a 
specified location under the licensed trademark "Embassy" (“Principal Mark”). As used in the 
Franchise Agreement and this Disclosure Document, the System includes the Marks.  The Marks 
include the Principal Mark and all other service marks, copyrights, trademarks, logos, insignia, 
emblems, symbols, and designs (whether registered or unregistered), slogans, distinguishing 
characteristics, trade names, domain names, and all other marks or characteristics associated or 
used with or in connection with the System, and similar intellectual property rights, that we 
designate to be used in the System.  If you open an eforea branded spa and sign the Spa 
Amendment, the Marks will include the eforea trademarks and service marks during the term of 
the Spa Amendment. 
Our affiliate, HIH, holds the rights to the Marks, including the following trademarks and service 
marks, which are registered on the United States Patent and Trademark Office Principal Register: 
Mark 
Registration 
Number 
Registration Date 
EMBASSY SUITES (words) 
1295145 
September 11, 1984 
EMBASSY SUITES STYLIZED E (logo) 
1685712 
May 5, 1992 
