 
 
70 
 2025 US EMBASSY SUITES 
Provision 
Section in 
Franchise 
Agreement (“FA”), 
Spa Amendment 
and HITS 
Agreement 
Summary 
Change of Ownership:  Generally, either the remaining Term 
under the existing franchise agreement, or such other term as 
we may approve. 
Spa Amendment 2 
eforea spa: expires on the earlier of: (i) the termination of the 
Spa Amendment or (ii) the expiration or termination of the 
Franchise Agreement. 
HITS Agreement 1.1 
 The HITS Agreement will run concurrently with the Franchise 
Agreement and will automatically terminate on the termination or 
expiration of the Franchise Agreement. 
b. Renewal or 
Extension of 
the term 
FA §3 
You do not have the right to renew or extend the Franchise 
Agreement, including the Spa Amendment. 
HITS Agreement Not 
Applicable 
 The HITS Agreement will run concurrently with the Franchise 
Agreement.  You do not have the right to renew or extend the 
HITS Agreement. 
c. Requirements 
for you to 
renew or 
extend 
FA – Not applicable 
You do not have the right to renew or extend, but if we agree, in 
our sole discretion, to re-license, you may be asked to sign a 
contract with materially different terms and conditions from the 
original Franchise Agreement, and you must comply with any 
PIP performance conditions that we specify. 
HITS Agreement Not 
Applicable 
 The HITS Agreement will run concurrently with the Franchise 
Agreement.  You do not have the right to renew or extend, but if 
we agree, in our sole discretion, to re-license, you may be asked 
to sign a new HITS Agreement with materially different terms 
and conditions from the original HITS Agreement. 
d. Termination by 
you  
FA §13.4 and 13.5 
You are not authorized to terminate the Franchise Agreement 
before expiration of the Term.  If you unilaterally terminate the 
Franchise Agreement without cause, it is a material breach of 
the Franchise Agreement, and you must pay to us, on demand, 
Liquidated Damages, or we may seek to recover actual 
damages in certain circumstances. 
Spa Amendment 9 
If you terminate the Franchise Agreement, your right to operate 
the eforea spa will automatically terminate. 
HITS Agreement – 
Not applicable 
You must operate under the HITS Agreement as long as the 
Franchise Agreement is in effect. 
e. Termination by 
us without 
cause 
FA §§11.1 and 11.2 
Condemnation:  you must immediately inform us of any 
proposed taking of any portion of the hotel by eminent domain, 
and we may terminate the Franchise Agreement on notice to 
you and will release you from the obligation to pay Liquidated 
Damages. 
Casualty:  You must immediately inform us if the Hotel is 
damaged by fire or other casualty, or Event of Force Majeure. If 
the casualty requires closing of the Hotel, you may choose to 
repair or rebuild according to the Standards provided that the 
Hotel reopens no later than 18 months after the closing.  If you 
elect not to repair or rebuild the hotel after a condemnation or 
