Lender 
Re: 
Hotel Name – Facility No. _____ 
Page 6 
{004028-999987 M0028580.DOC; 1} 
addition to or different from those which it now knows or believes to be true, with respect to the matters 
released by this letter agreement.  Nevertheless, Franchisee fully and finally settles and releases all such 
matters, and all Claims relative thereto, which do now exist, may exist or have existed between the 
Released Parties and Franchisee. 
 
6. 
Lender Estoppel and Release.  As consideration for this letter agreement relating to the 
Loan:  
 
(a) 
Lender hereby certifies to Franchisor that Lender is not a Sanctioned Person. 
“Sanctioned Person” means any person, entity, or Government, including those with Control over such 
persons or entities, or acting on behalf of such persons or entity, who is subject to Trade Restrictions that 
prohibit or restrict the Parties’ performance of the Parties’ obligations under this agreement. “Trade 
Restrictions” means trade, economic or investment sanctions, export controls, anti-terrorism, non-
proliferation, anti-money laundering and similar restrictions in force pursuant to laws, rules and 
regulations imposed under Laws to which the Parties are subject. 
 
(b) 
Lender hereby represents and warrants in favor of Franchisor that Lender is not 
a Competitor of Franchisor. 
 
(c) 
Lender hereby represents and warrants in favor of Franchisor that [IF LENDER 
IS A BANK] Lender does not own any Equity Interest in Franchisee [IF LENDER IS NOT A BANK] neither 
Lender nor any of its officers or directors own any Equity Interest in Franchisee.   
 
(d) 
Lender hereby agrees that this letter agreement shall remain in full force and 
effect in favor of Lender with respect to the Loan, as the Loan may periodically be modified, amended, 
extended, supplemented or restated, without the need for further action by Lender or Franchisor. 
 
(e) 
[IF LENDER IS A PARTY TO EXISTING COMFORT LETTER:] Lender hereby 
certifies to Franchisor that no Claim, or condition that could with the passage of time, giving notice or 
otherwise become a Claim by Lender, currently exists or has existed against Franchisor under the 
Existing Comfort Letter; agrees that the Existing Comfort Letter is null and void and of no further force 
and effect; and agrees that Franchisor has no obligations of any kind under the Existing Comfort Letter. 
 
(f) 
[IF FOR A LOAN ORIGINATED AT AN EARLIER DATE: Lender hereby 
represents and warrants as of the date of its signature below that Lender has not issued a notice of 
default with respect to the Loan and is not aware of any issue that currently constitutes a default under 
the Loan and that Lender has not taken any action intended to result in Lender acquiring possession 
and/or ownership of the Hotel. 
 
(g) 
Lender hereby fully and forever releases, discharges, and agrees to indemnify, 
defend and hold harmless the Released Parties from any and all Released Claims by Lender based on 
any facts, events, or omissions occurring before the execution of this letter agreement which arise out of, 
concern, pertain, or relate in any way to this letter agreement. [IF LENDER IS A PARTY TO EXISTING 
COMFORT LETTER, ADD or the Existing Comfort Letter.] [FOR CANADA ONLY; provided, however that 
this release will not relieve any of the Released Parties from any liability imposed by the Ontario Arthur 
Wishart Act (Franchise Disclosure), 2000, that may have existed as of the Effective Date of this 
agreement.] 
 
7. 
[IF REQUESTED, CHECK ¶ REFERENCES IN ¶¶ 3 / 6: Franchisor Estoppel.  Subject 
to the acknowledgement by Lender that Franchisor does not own or operate the Hotel, Franchisor hereby 
certifies to Lender that, to Franchisor’s knowledge as of the date indicated on the first page of this letter 
agreement, (a) the Franchise Agreement is in full force and effect, and (b) no Default currently exists 
under the Franchise Agreement. “Franchisor’s knowledge” means the actual knowledge of applicable 
