 
 
63 
 2025 US EMBASSY SUITES 
Mark 
Registration 
Number 
Registration Date 
EMBASSY SUITES BY HILTON (words) 
4463183 
January 7, 2014 
EFOREA (word) 
3952726 
April 26, 2011 
EFOREA butterfly design 
3952727 
April 26, 2011 
HIH has also applied for registration on the principal register of the United States Patent and 
Trademark Office for the following Marks: 
Mark 
Application 
Number 
Application Date 
EMBASSY SUITES (words) 
98567535 
May 24, 2024 
EMBASSY SUITES BY HILTON (words) 
98901461 
December 13, 2024 
We do not have federal registration for the principal trademark “Embassy.” Therefore, it does not 
have as many legal benefits and rights as a federally registered trademark.  If our right to use this 
Mark is challenged, you may have to change to alternative trademark, which may increase your 
expenses. 
We entered into a license agreement with HIH which grants us the right to use the Marks in 
connection with the System in the US. The term of the license agreement between us and HIH 
continues indefinitely so long as each party continues to be an affiliate of Hilton Worldwide. HIH 
has certain enforcement rights if we default under the license agreement, including the right to 
terminate the license agreement if we fail to cure a default within the time period specified in the 
license agreement. These enforcement rights or any other rights of HIH to terminate the license 
agreement will not affect your right to use the Marks licensed to you under the Franchise 
Agreement as long as you are in good standing under the Franchise Agreement (and, in the case 
of the eforea trademarks, as long as the Spa Amendment is in effect).  
In the future, HIH may transfer the Marks or licenses related to the Marks to other affiliates in 
connection with changes to Hilton Worldwide’s subsidiaries or for administrative purposes 
periodically.  If that occurs, we will continue to have a license to use the Marks in connection with 
the System in our franchise business, and your license to use the Marks will not be disturbed. 
The Franchise Agreement does not grant you the right to use any other marks owned by our 
affiliates. 
You may use the Marks only in connection with the System and only in the manner we designate, 
as set out in the Franchise Agreement and the Standards.  We may designate additional Marks, 
change the way Marks are depicted, or withdraw Marks from use at any time. We will not withdraw 
the Principal Mark. We may limit what Marks each brand of hotel may use. 
Your Hotel will be initially known by the trade name set forth in the Addendum (“Trade Name”). 
We may change the Trade Name at any time, but we will not change the Principal Mark. You may 
not change the Trade Name without our specific written consent. 
Under the Franchise Agreement, you acknowledge and agree that you are not acquiring the right 
to use any service marks, copyrights, trademarks, logos, designs, insignia, emblems, symbols, 
designs, slogans, distinguishing characteristics, trade names, domain names or other marks or 
characteristics owned by us or licensed to us that we do not specifically designate to be used in 
the System. 
