 
 
46 
 2025 US EMBASSY SUITES 
property of our affiliate, Hilton International Holding LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company (“HIH”) (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.6). References to the Manual include 
the Standards, which include all standards, specifications, requirements, criteria, and 
policies that have been and are in the future developed and compiled by us for use by you 
in connection with the design, construction, renovation, refurbishment, appearance, 
equipping, furnishing, supplying, opening, operating, maintaining, marketing, services, 
service levels, quality, and quality assurance of System Hotels, including the hotel, and 
for hotel advertising and accounting, whether in the Manual or the Franchise Agreement 
or other written communication (Franchise Agreement, Sections 1.0 and 4.6). The 
Standards do not include any personnel policies or procedures that we may, at our option, 
make available to you in the Manual or other written communication.  You may, in your 
sole judgment, determine to what extent, if any, any such personnel policies or procedures 
might apply to the Hotel or Hotel site.  The table of contents of the Manual is attached as 
Exhibit H-1. 
2. 
Before you retain or engage an architect, Interior designer, general contractor and major 
subcontractors, we will review your selection, and you must obtain our prior written 
consent (Franchise Agreement, Section 6.1.1). 
3. 
We will review the plans, layouts and specifications, drawings and designs for constructing 
and furnishing your Hotel, including guest suite areas, and grant or deny approval, which 
may be conditioned on your architect or other certified professional certifying to us that the 
Plans comply with all laws related to accessibility, accommodations and facilities for those 
with disabilities. You may not start construction until you receive our approval. Once you 
receive our approval, you may not make any changes to the plans without our advance 
consent (Franchise Agreement, Sections 6.1.2, 6.1.3 and 6.1.4). 
4. 
We will review and approve or disapprove your proposed management of the hotel 
(Franchise Agreement, Section 7.0). In evaluating the proposed management, we look at 
the proposed management organizational structure, prior experience and performance in 
managing similar first-class, full-service hotels, as well as other relevant factors. If we do 
not approve your proposed management, then we will require you to hire a professional 
hotel management company satisfactory to us to manage the hotel for at least the first 
year of operations. At the end of the year, if you request it, we will reevaluate this 
requirement. 
5. 
We will provide you with the HITS Agreement (which will be countersigned by HSS) before 
you open your Hotel.  The HITS Agreement governs your access to and use of OnQ, 
Hilton’s proprietary computerized business system which is an integral part of the System 
we license to you (see Computer System below.) The HITS Agreement also governs the 
installation and on-going support and maintenance of your Guest Internet Access (HITS 
Agreement, Exhibit G). 
6. 
We will make available to you for use in your Hotel various purchase, lease, or other 
arrangements with respect to exterior signs, operating equipment, operating supplies and 
furnishings, which we or Hilton may have and which we make available to other Brand 
franchisees (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.7). 
7. 
If you open an eforea spa with your Hotel, before your spa opens, we or one of our affiliates 
will provide you with the eforea design and construction guidelines, a collateral suite and 
spa menus (Spa Amendment, Paragraph 4). We will also loan to you a copy of the eforea 
spa Manual and/or provide you with electronic access to the eforea spa Manual on the 
Hilton Intranet resources library. The eforea spa Manual is confidential and is the property 
