 
 
6 
 2025 US EMBASSY SUITES 
appearance and service of the hotel, and other elements we refer to in the Franchise Agreement, 
in the Manual or in other communications to you, and programs for our inspecting your Hotel and 
consulting with you. We may add elements to the System or modify, alter or delete elements of 
the System.  
We franchise the non-exclusive right to use the System in the operation of your Hotel, under the 
Brand, at a specified location. You must follow the high standards we have established as the 
essence of the System. You will be required to make future investments. 
The Franchise Agreement you sign will provide for new development, conversion, change of 
ownership, or re-licensing, depending on your situation. These situations are referred to in this 
Disclosure Document as "New Development," “Conversion,” "Change of Ownership," and “Re-
licensing,” respectively. New Development refers to new building construction. Conversion refers 
to the renovation of an existing building to bring it into compliance with our Brand Standards so 
that it may operate as a Brand hotel. Change of Ownership refers to the transfer of ownership or 
control of an existing Brand hotel to a new owner. Re-licensing refers to the grant of a new 
franchise after the expiration of a prior franchise for the same hotel. Adaptive Reuse is also a 
category shown on the Franchise Application. It is a form of Conversion.     
We also offer franchises for an eforea spa concept to be located at the hotel, featuring an 
exclusive menu of treatment journeys and innovative design elements, including unique zones 
that a spa guest passes through on their treatment journey. If you elect to add an eforea spa to 
your Hotel, you must sign the Eforea Spa Amendment to Franchise Agreement (“Spa 
Amendment”) in the form attached at Exhibit D-3. The franchisee of the eforea spa must be the 
franchisee under the Franchise Agreement for operation of the hotel. If you sign the Spa 
Amendment, the System will include the eforea spa and all of its elements and you must comply 
with the eforea spa Manual. In that case, references in this Disclosure Document to the Manual 
will also include the eforea spa Manual.  If there is a conflict between the Manual, and the eforea 
spa Manual, the eforea spa Manual will control. If you are operating a spa under a trademark 
other than eforea, the System will not include the eforea spa concept, but you still must comply 
with the System and our requirements related to spas generally, as found in our Manual. 
Except for the licenses described above, we, our parents, affiliates and predecessor have not 
offered licenses or franchises for this or any other type of business. 
 
The Market and Competition 
Embassy Suites hotels compete in the upper upscale hotel market segment and cater to business 
travelers, families, vacationers and groups depending on the market and location. The market for 
your services will depend on your property's location, size and its type of operation, including 
whether it is a resort, conference center or hotel for frequent business travelers, among other 
things. Our franchisees seek customers and business referrals from the local community and 
typically solicit business from conventions, and tour and travel groups, on a regional and national 
level.  If you are operating an eforea spa, you will market your products and services to patrons 
of the hotel and the local community. 
 
In general, you will compete with national hotel and motel chains and independently operated 
local hotels and restaurants offering similar types of hotel rooms and food and beverage services 
to the same clientele.  
 
An Embassy Suites Hotel will compete with other national and regional hotel chains and local 
facilities primarily offering full service upscale all-suite accommodations. Due to its limited food 
and beverage operations, an Embassy Suites Hotel is unlikely to compete directly with local 
