 
 
78 
 2025 US EMBASSY SUITES 
Provision 
Section in 
Franchise 
Agreement (“FA”), 
Spa Amendment 
and HITS 
Agreement 
Summary 
on behalf of an affiliate, or allow the operation of, another spa 
that is in, adjacent to, or associated in any way with, the hotel. 
HITS Agreement – 
Not applicable 
None. 
r. Non-
competition 
covenants after 
the franchise is 
terminated or 
expires 
 
FA – Not applicable 
None. 
 
HITS Agreement – 
Not applicable 
None. 
s. Modification of 
the agreement 
FA §16.5.1 
All changes to the Franchise Agreement must be in writing and 
signed by an authorized person on behalf of you and us, but we 
can change the Standards, the Manual and other materials.  
HITS Agreement 1.1 
No additions or modifications to the Agreement unless in writing 
and signed by all parties. 
t. Integration/ 
merger clause 
FA §16.4 
Only the terms of the Franchise Agreement, the Application, the 
Guaranty and any other related agreements signed by the 
parties are enforceable (subject to state law). Any other 
promises may not be enforceable. However, nothing in this 
section disclaims the statements made in our franchise 
disclosure document. 
HITS Agreement 1.1 
Only the terms of the Agreement (and any representations in the 
franchise disclosure document) are binding (subject to state 
law). Any other promises may not be enforceable. 
u. Dispute 
resolution by 
arbitration or 
mediation 
FA – Not applicable, 
except in Puerto 
Rico, Puerto Rico 
Addendum §16.2.2. 
None, except in Puerto Rico.  In Puerto Rico, except as noted 
below, all claims and disputes will be settled by arbitration 
conducted by the American Arbitration Association, JAMS, or 
similar arbitral body chosen at our election, in accordance with 
the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, by 1 or more arbitrators 
chosen in accordance with those rules. To the extent the 
Federal Rules of Civil Procedure do not govern certain 
procedures or requirements relating to the arbitration, the rules 
of the applicable arbitral body will apply. The proceedings will be 
conducted in English. As an alternative to arbitration, we may 
elect to initiate or maintain any action for temporary remedies, or 
injunctive or other equitable relief, in any court, governmental 
agency, or other authority with jurisdiction over the matter. 
Issues relating to the conduct of any arbitration proceeding, and 
the enforcement of any arbitration award, will be governed by 
the Federal Arbitration Act.   
HITS Agreement 1.1 
Same as Franchise Agreement. 
v. Choice of forum 
FA §16.2.2, Puerto 
Rico Addendum 
§16.2.2 
Court actions must be brought in the U.S. District Court for the 
Eastern District of Virginia, in Alexandria, Virginia, or, if there is 
no subject matter jurisdiction in federal court, in a state court of 
