{00264795-17} 
39 
 BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE 
 
19.0 
[SELECT FOR ALL BRANDS EXCEPT CI, HFS: NOTICE OF INTENT TO MARKET [SELECT FOR 
HFS: RIGHT OF FIRST OFFER 
 
[SELECT FOR ALL BRANDS EXCEPT CI, HFS: Except in the case of a Transfer governed by 
Subsection 12.2.1 of this Agreement, if you or a Controlling Affiliate want to Transfer any Equity Interest, 
you must give us written notice, concurrently with beginning your marketing efforts.] 
[SELECT FOR CI, HFS 
 
19.1 
Except in the case of a Transfer governed by Subsection 12.2.1 of this Agreement, if you 
or a Controlling Affiliate wants to Transfer any Equity Interest, or you or a Controlling Affiliate receive an 
unsolicited bona fide offer from a third party to purchase or lease the Hotel or Hotel Site or an interest in 
it (“Marketed Interest”), you or the Controlling Affiliate shall notify us in writing of such offer (“ROFO 
Notice”). The ROFO Notice shall describe the Marketed Interest and state the intended sales or lease 
price and all terms and conditions of the proposed sale or lease. You or the Controlling Affiliate will provide 
us with all information and documentation relating to the Marketed Interest that we request. 
 
19.2 
We or our designee(s) shall have the right, exercisable within thirty (30) days after receipt 
of all requested documentation and information from you (“Option Period”), to either make an offer to 
purchase or lease the Marketed Interest (“Our Offer”) or waive our right to make an offer. During the 
Option Period, you may not change any of the terms and conditions in the ROFO Notice, and must deal 
exclusively with us or our designee(s).   
 
19.3 
You will have twenty (20) days after receiving Our Offer to accept or reject Our Offer in 
writing.  If Our Offer is for a price equal to or greater than stated in the notice and is on substantially similar 
terms and conditions as (or is more favorable than) those stated in the ROFO Notice, then you must accept 
Our Offer.  If you do not accept Our Offer within twenty (20) days, it is deemed rejected. 
 
19.4 
If you accept Our Offer, we or our designee and you will enter into an agreement and 
complete the transaction for the purchase or lease of the Marketed Interest at the price and on the terms 
and conditions of Our Offer within sixty (60) days of your written acceptance (the “60-day Period”). You will 
not offer the Hotel or Hotel Site to any third party during the 60-day Period. If the parties are unable to reach 
agreement despite good faith negotiations in the 60-day Period, you will be deemed to have rejected Our 
Offer.   
 
19.5 
If you do not accept Our Offer, or it is deemed rejected, or we waive our right to make an 
offer, for two hundred seventy (270) days (the “270-day Period”), you or a Controlling Affiliate may Transfer 
the Marketed Interest to a third party for a price greater than and/or on more favorable terms than the price 
and terms stated in Our Offer, but you or a Controlling Affiliate must comply with the Transfer provisions in 
Section 12.2.2 of this Agreement.  If you or a Controlling Affiliate proposes to Transfer the Marketed Interest 
at a lesser price or on less favorable terms during the 270-day Period, then you must again give us notice 
of the proposed sale or lease and comply with the provisions of this Section 19. 
 
[INCLUDE ONLY IF KEY MONEY GRANTED / DELETE OTHERWISE AND UPDATE TOC] 
20.0 
KEY MONEY/DEVELOPMENT INCENTIVE NOTE 
 
You and any co-makers must execute the Development Incentive Note attached to this Agreement as 
Exhibit [_ contemporaneously with your execution of this Agreement. We will pay to you [________ Dollars 
($__) as a development incentive within thirty (30) days after you open the Hotel under the Brand with our 
consent if: (a) there have been no material adverse changes in your business, finances, legal, litigation, or 
bankruptcy status since approval; (b) you have completed any PIP; and (c) you paid the Franchise 
Application Fee. 
 
