Lender 
Re: 
Hotel Name – Facility No. _____ 
Page 4 
{004028-999987 M0028580.DOC; 1} 
a processing fee of Five Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($5,500). In connection with the Assumption, 
Lender must diligently cure all defaults which it could not cure before the Acquisition under the terms of 
Subparagraph 1(b), within the time period determined by Franchisor based on the nature of the default 
and/or the condition of the Hotel at the time of Lender’s Acquisition except for personal and non-curable 
defaults. “Personal and non-curable defaults” means that the default (i) occurred before the date of 
Lender’s Acquisition; (ii) is a non-curable default; (iii) is purely personal to Franchisee (e.g., failure to 
provide adequate notice or past failure to maintain Franchisee’s company status); and (iv) is unrelated to 
the operation of the Hotel. 
 
(c) 
[INCLUDE ONLY IF EQUITY ACQUISITION LANGUAGE IS REQUESTED] 
Equity Acquisition and Amendment.  If Lender acquires ownership of the Franchisee by means of an 
Equity Acquisition, Lender will be deemed to have assumed the rights and obligations of the Franchisee 
under the Franchise Agreement as of the date of the Equity Acquisition, and Lender must diligently cure 
all defaults which Lender could not cure before the Equity Acquisition under the terms of 
Subparagraph 1(b), within the time period determined by Franchisor based on the nature of the default 
and/or the condition of the Hotel at the time of Lender’s Equity Acquisition. Lender must enter into an 
amendment to the Franchise Agreement to document the change of control of Franchisee, which will, 
among other things, contain a new ownership structure for Franchisee (“Amendment”). Subject to 
confirmation that Lender is not a Sanctioned Person, Franchisor will prepare the Amendment promptly 
after receipt of any information requested under this Subparagraph 2(c). Franchisor will deliver the 
Amendment to Lender, and Lender will execute and return the Amendment to Franchisor within ten (10) 
business days after Franchisor delivers it. Lender’s failure to timely execute and deliver to Franchisor the 
Amendment shall be a default under the Franchise Agreement entitling Franchisor to terminate the 
Franchise Agreement. Any renovation requirements imposed by Franchisor in connection with the 
Amendment will not exceed those which Franchisor could have imposed had such change of control of 
Franchisee not occurred. In lieu of any transfer or application fee, Lender agrees to pay Franchisor a 
processing of Five Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($5,500).  For the avoidance of doubt, an Equity 
Acquisition is not an Acquisition, and the provisions of Subparagraphs 2(a) and 2(b) shall not apply with 
respect to any Equity Acquisition; provided, however, that the term “Assumption” as referenced in 
Subparagraph 2(d) and Paragraph 10 shall also include Lender’s assumption of the rights and obligations 
of the Franchisee under the Franchise Agreement as of the date of the Equity Acquisition.     
 
(d) 
Lender’s Sale to Third Party After Assumption.  The transfer provisions of the 
Franchise Agreement will apply to any sale, assignment or transfer by Lender after an Assumption.  If the 
transfer is to a third party who desires to continue to operate the Hotel, these provisions require a change 
of ownership application, approval of the third party, and payment of an application fee. 
 
3. 
Notice to Franchisor. Lender agrees to notify Franchisor (a) contemporaneously with 
commencement of any action that may result in an Acquisition, (b) contemporaneously with the filing of a 
petition for appointment of a receiver or any other action initiated by Lender that materially impacts 
possession of the Hotel, (c) promptly after an Acquisition of the date the Acquisition occurred, or 
(d) promptly after Lender no longer has a security interest in the Hotel or the Loan is paid in full, but 
Lender’s failure to give notice under this Subparagraph 3(d) will not affect the automatic termination of 
this letter agreement under Paragraph 13 [NO ESTOPPEL] 14 [ESTOPPEL]. Lender further agrees to 
promptly provide to Franchisor a copy of any order appointing a receiver, or any other judicial or 
administrative order from an action initiated by Lender that materially impacts possession of the Hotel. All 
notices to Franchisor should be sent to the following address or such other address periodically 
designated by Franchisor in writing: 
 
