 
 
5 
 2025 US EMBASSY SUITES 
Brand Offered
Predecessor International Franchisor Entity
Waldorf Astoria 
The Waldorf Astoria Collection 
Hilton International Franchisor Corporation  
HLT International Waldorf=Astoria Franchise LLC 
 
The following wholly owned subsidiaries of Hilton provide products or services to our franchisees: 
1. 
Hilton Reservations Worldwide, L.L.C. d/b/a Hilton Reservations & Customer Care and 
successor-in-interest to Hilton Service Corporation ("Reservations Worldwide") will 
provide you with its national and international reservation services and systems 
("Reservation Service"). Reservations Worldwide provides the Reservation Service to all 
System Hotels, U.S. Hilton hotels, Conrad International hotels, and Hilton International 
hotels (except where prohibited by law). The principal business address of Reservations 
Worldwide is 15305 North Dallas Parkway, Suite 600, Addison, Texas 75001. 
2. 
Hilton Supply Management LLC (“HSM”) seeks to negotiate with manufacturers and 
suppliers for the distribution of hotel furniture, furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment 
and supplies, certain food and beverage supplies, and certain hotel services. You may 
purchase these items from HSM or such third parties, but you are not obligated to do so 
unless you are operating an eforea spa. In this case, you must purchase certain products 
and other items from HSM for sale in your spa. 
3. 
Hilton Honors Worldwide LLC ("Hilton Honors Worldwide") owns, operates and 
administers the Hilton Honors™ guest reward program. You must participate in the 
programs of Hilton Honors Worldwide. 
4. 
Hilton Systems Solutions, LLC ("HSS") provides computer hardware, software and 
support services for all Hilton’s brands and signs Hilton’s Information Technology System 
Agreement (“HITS Agreement”). 
Some of our affiliates, also direct and indirect subsidiaries of Hilton Worldwide, own, lease and/or 
manage Embassy by Hilton Brand hotels throughout the world. You may be given the opportunity 
to have one of our affiliates manage your Hotel under a management agreement to be signed at 
the same time as, or after, you sign your Franchise Agreement. 
In this Disclosure Document, we may collectively refer to our former affiliated predecessor 
franchisor entities as the “former franchising entities.” The principal business address for each of 
our affiliates is 7930 Jones Branch Drive, Suite 1100, McLean, Virginia 22102 unless otherwise 
noted.   
Our Licenses 
This Disclosure Document describes our franchise for hotels that will operate under the Embassy 
Suites Brand in the US. Our affiliates offer franchises for hotels that will operate under the 
Embassy Suites Brand outside the US under separate disclosure documents. 
Embassy Suites hotels are designed to provide distinctive, high-quality all-suite service at hotels 
targeted to the upscale all-suite segment of the lodging business. 
We license the Embassy Suites Hotel system (“System") which consists of the elements, including 
know-how, we periodically designate to identify hotels operating worldwide under the Brand. The 
System currently includes the Brand and the Marks; access to the Reservation Service; 
advertising, publicity and other marketing programs and materials; training programs and 
materials, standards, specifications and policies for construction, furnishing, operation, 
