 
 
37 
 2025 US EMBASSY SUITES 
pre-conversion contingencies for a franchisee converting an existing hotel.  You should assume 
it will be at least 10% of construction costs. 
19. 
This estimates your initial operating expenses for 3 months after opening, including payroll 
costs.  These figures are estimates only and you may have additional expenses starting the 
business. Your costs will depend on such factors as your management decisions, local economic 
conditions, competition, and how quickly occupancy rates increase after opening.   
20. 
The initial fee is due only if you are installing an eforea spa in your Hotel. 
21. 
The low estimate assumes you are not opening a spa. The high estimate includes the cost 
to build out and equip the spa to current eforea spa standards, whether you are installing an 
eforea spa or another spa concept. Costs may be greater for a Conversion hotel. 
22. 
See Item 5 for more information on required pre-opening services fees.  
23. 
 In compiling these estimates we relied on Hilton's 60+ years of experience in operating 
or franchising hotels. With respect to an eforea spa, we relied on Hilton’s experience over the last 
6 years in operating eforea spas in the US. You should review these figures carefully with a 
business advisor before making any decision to purchase the franchise. The expenses shown in 
these charts are for typical New Development and Conversion hotels of the type and size shown. 
In a Conversion, your costs will depend on the type and condition of your existing hotel, its age, 
physical structure and quality of furnishing. Because there are so many variables involving any 
particular existing hotel, we can give no average cost. 
ITEM 8 
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
This Item describes your obligations to buy or lease products or services from us or our designees, 
from suppliers we permit you to use, or in accordance with our specifications.  
General Requirements 
All franchisees must build, design, furnish, equip and supply their hotels in accordance with the 
Standards (as defined in the Franchise Agreement). The Standards for the hotel are compiled in 
our standards manual ("Manual") and, if you construct an eforea spa, then also in the eforea spa 
Manual. We regularly review, modify, and implement product and service Standards. We may 
periodically modify and update Standards to reflect operational requirements, advances in 
technology, improved methods of manufacture, new materials structures and decor, new 
products, improved prices and other factors. We currently issue, modify and update specifications 
in the form of updates to the Manual.   
We may periodically require you to maintain, replace, modernize, rehabilitate, and/or upgrade 
your Hotel’s furniture, furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment, fittings, signs, computer hardware 
and software and related equipment, supplies, and other items to meet our then-current 
Standards.  We may utilize specific renovation schedules for this purpose as part of the Standards 
, which we may modify at any time. These Renovation Schedules may be provided to you under 
our Fixed Renovation Cycle Management (“FRCM”) program or any replacement or other 
program that we utilize in accordance the Standards in the future. You are required to comply with 
any renovation schedule (including any FRCM renovation) that applies to your Hotel. You are 
responsible for the costs of complying with any such renovation schedule (including any FRCM 
renovation), as well as any other changes that are necessary for your Hotel to remain in 
compliance with the Standards.  
