 
 
71 
 2025 US EMBASSY SUITES 
Provision 
Section in 
Franchise 
Agreement (“FA”), 
Spa Amendment 
and HITS 
Agreement 
Summary 
casualty to the hotel, we may terminate the franchise agreement 
on notice to you.  We will release you from the obligation to pay 
Liquidated Damages as long as you and your Affiliates do not 
own or operate a hotel at the site under a lease, license or 
franchise with a Competitor within 3 years after the termination. 
Spa Amendment 9 
If we terminate the Franchise Agreement, your right to operate 
the eforea spa will automatically terminate. 
HITS Agreement 4.1 
If we terminate the Franchise Agreement or any other 
agreement that allows you to operate the hotel, we can 
terminate the HITS Agreement. 
f. Termination by 
us with cause 
FA §13; Spa 
Amendment 9 
Except as described above, we can terminate only if you fail to 
satisfy any obligations under the Franchise Agreement or any 
attachment to it. Termination of the Franchise Agreement also 
terminates the Spa Amendment. 
HITS Agreement 4.1 
Except as described above, we can terminate only if you fail to 
satisfy any obligations under the HITS Agreement.  Termination 
of the Franchise Agreement also terminates the HITS 
Agreement. 
g. "Cause" 
defined – 
defaults which 
can be cured  
FA §§8.6 and 13.1 
We may terminate the Franchise Agreement by written notice to 
you at any time before its expiration on any of the following 
grounds: (1) you fail to pay us any sums due and owing to us or 
our Affiliates or to pay or fund any amounts due under any of 
Your Hotel Agreements within the cure period in the notice (at 
least 10 days); (2) you fail to commence or complete the Hotel 
Work by the applicable deadline, including any extensions, or 
fail to open the Hotel on the Opening Date, and do not cure that 
default within the cure period in the notice (at least 10 days); (3) 
you do not purchase or maintain required insurance or do not 
reimburse us for our purchase of insurance on your behalf within 
the cure period in the notice (at least 10 days); or (4) you fail to 
comply with any provision of the Franchise Agreement, the 
Manual, or any Standard that can be cured (see subsection h. 
below), or breach a representation or warranty made in the 
Franchise Agreement and you do not cure that default within the 
cure period in the notice (at least 30 days). If we send you a 
written notice that you are in default for failing to pay or fund 
amounts due, we may require an acceptable third-party 
guaranty as a condition of curing the default. 
FA §13.3 
If we send you a written notice that you are in default, we may 
elect to impose an Interim Remedy, including the suspension of 
our obligations under this Agreement and/or our or our Affiliates’ 
obligations under Your Hotel Agreements. We may: (1) suspend 
the Hotel from the Reservation Service and any reservation 
and/or website services provided through or by us; (2) remove 
the listing of the Hotel from any directories or advertising we 
publish; (3) divert reservations previously made for the Hotel to 
other System Hotels or Network Hotels; (4) disable all or any 
