 
 
54 
 2025 US EMBASSY SUITES 
baseline industry knowledge, best practices, and help build competencies in hospitality 
foundations including revenue management, asset management, sales generation, and talent 
management. This training is provided by a vendor we select.  Currently, all fees are paid directly 
to the vendor. At least 1 person in your organization must successfully complete this training.  
Currently, the cost for this program is up to $2,500 per participant. 
12. 
Eforea Spa Training.  If you have an eforea spa at your Hotel, product and service training 
must be completed before your eforea Spa opens for business by the spa director (or equivalent), 
each member of your leadership team, all members of administration and all technical positions 
including estheticians, nail technicians, therapists and hairdressers. Training will focus on the 
various products and services that you will provide at your spa. Training will be conducted by 
personnel of the suppliers we specify who are providing their products and services to your spa. 
They will generally have a minimum of 6 to 10 years’ experience in the spa industry and at least 
1 years’ experience with their respective companies. Currently, there is no separate fee for this 
training. We may require you to attend an eforea spa Brand guest experience training in the future 
on how to deliver the eforea spa experience.  
 
13. 
Make a Difference. This training is mandatory for all Hotel staff. It must be conducted 
periodically at your Hotel. Each new staff member must complete a video training promptly upon 
starting and a follow-up training within 60 days after their start date. This training program includes 
topics such as: Orientation to Hilton, the Brand, and the hotel, and Make a Difference Service 
Culture. Currently, there is no separate fee for this training. 
 
Online and web-based programming is self-paced training that trainees can access at any time. 
For other training, unless otherwise noted, we will provide the training on an as needed basis.  
 
Our instructors and presenters generally have a minimum of 2 to 5 years’ experience in the subject 
taught. We use a variety of instructional materials in connection with our training programs, 
including our Manual, digital media clips, DVDs, HU Connect social learning site, self-paced 
eLearning programs, other media, and print and virtual handbooks. We may modify these 
materials or use other materials for the training programs. 
We and our affiliates offer many additional optional learning programs and may develop additional 
learning programs at any time.  You must pay any fees associated with required and optional 
training courses. We may also charge for training materials. You pay for any travel, lodging and 
miscellaneous expenses of your attendees. For programs that include travel by our (or our 
affiliate’s) trainers to your Hotel site, you may also be required to pay travel, lodging, tax and 
meals of the trainers. 
Operational Phase Services 
During the operation of the franchised business we will: 
1. 
Periodically publish (either in hard copy or electronic form or both) and make available to 
the traveling public a directory that includes System Hotels, including your Hotel.  
Additionally, we will include the Hotel, or cause the Hotel to be included, where applicable, 
in advertising of System Hotels and in international, national and regional marketing 
programs offered by us, subject to and in accordance with our general practice for System 
Hotels (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.4)  
2. 
Afford you access to the Reservation Service on the same basis as other System Hotels, 
as long as you are in full compliance with the obligations set forth in the Franchise 
Agreement, including all Standards set forth in the Manual. Our Reservation Service 
