 
 
Page 3 
2025 US FDD STATE ADDENDA 
2. 
Item 17 (h) is amended to state that the provision of the Franchise Agreement that provides for 
termination upon your bankruptcy may not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 
U.S.C. Section 101 et seq.). 
 
3. 
Item 17 (v) is amended to state that you may sue in Maryland for claims arising under the 
Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. Any claims arising under the Maryland 
Franchise Registration and Disclosure Laws must be brought within 3 years after the grant of the 
Franchise. 
 
4. 
Item 17 (w) is amended to state that nothing in the General Release under Section 16.8 of the 
Franchise Agreement shall operate to release us or our affiliates from any liability under the 
Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. 
 
5. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) 
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or 
(ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other 
person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any 
document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
MICHIGAN ADDENDUM TO DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
THE STATE OF MICHIGAN PROHIBITS CERTAIN UNFAIR PROVISIONS THAT ARE SOMETIMES IN 
FRANCHISE DOCUMENTS. IF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING PROVISIONS ARE IN THESE FRANCHISE 
DOCUMENTS, THE PROVISIONS ARE VOID AND CANNOT BE ENFORCED AGAINST YOU. 
 
(a) 
A prohibition on the right of a franchisee to join an association of franchisees. 
 
(b) 
A requirement that a franchisee assent to a release, assignment, novation, waiver or estoppel 
which deprives a franchisee of rights and protections provided in this act. This shall not preclude 
a franchisee, after entering into a Franchise Agreement, from settling any and all claims. 
 
(c) 
A provision that permits a franchisor to terminate a franchise prior to the expiration of its term 
except for good cause. Good cause shall include the failure of the franchisee to comply with any 
lawful provision of the Franchise Agreement and to cure such failure after being given written 
notice thereof and a reasonable opportunity, which in no event need be more than 30 days, to 
cure such failure. 
 
(d) 
A provision that permits a franchisor to refuse to renew a franchise without fairly compensating 
the franchisee by repurchase or other means for the fair market value at the time of expiration of 
the franchisee's inventory, supplies, equipment, fixtures and furnishings. Personalized materials 
which have no value to the franchisor and inventory, supplies, equipment, fixtures and furnishings 
not reasonably required in the conduct of the franchise business are not subject to compensation. 
This subsection applies only if (i) the term of the franchise is less than 5 years and (ii) the 
franchisee is prohibited by the franchise or other agreement from continuing to conduct 
substantially the same business under another trademark, service mark, trade name, logotype, 
advertising of other commercial symbol in the same area subsequent to the expiration of the 
franchise or the franchisee does not receive at least 6 months advance notice of Franchisor's 
intent not to renew the franchise. 
 
(e) 
A provision that permits the franchisor to refuse to renew a franchise on terms generally available 
to other franchisees of the same class or type under similar circumstances. This section does not 
require a renewal provision. 
 
(f) 
A provision requiring that arbitration or litigation be conducted outside the State of Michigan. This 
shall not preclude the franchisee from entering into an agreement, at the time of arbitration, to 
conduct arbitration at a location outside the state of Michigan. 
