 
 
39 
 2025 US EMBASSY SUITES 
If you are operating an eforea spa, you must sell all the products we specify and perform the spa 
treatments we require. If you are opening a spa under a concept other than eforea, you must use 
an approved third-party management company. We and our affiliates may derive revenue from 
suppliers in the form of rebates based on purchases for your spa, or from a third party that we 
approve to provide services to your spa. Neither we nor any affiliate currently derive any revenue 
from these sources. 
HSM has various discount agreements with manufacturers and suppliers, under which it receives 
rebates and allowances based on the total volume of sales purchased from the manufacturer. 
These fees include sales to franchisees by the manufacturers and in some cases, through 
suppliers. HSM also receives certain volume and national account marketing allowances from 
manufacturers in connection with the sale to franchisees of certain items, such as coffee, soft 
drinks, cleaning compounds, and paper products.  
 In addition, for two of our brands, LivSmart Studios by Hilton and Tru by Hilton, HSM is an optional 
approved procurement agency and may receive fees for providing procurement services. For one 
of our other brands, Spark by Hilton, HSM is the required procurement service provider.For the 
fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, HSM had revenues of $19,614,010 in rebates and 
allowances on purchases made by franchisees of all of our brands.  
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, HSM had revenues from sales of goods, services 
and/or supplies to franchisees of all of our brands of $8,763,692. In addition, HSM receives cash 
discounts for early payment on orders it places with manufacturers and suppliers to fill purchase 
orders placed with it by franchisees of all of our brands.  
HSM negotiates pricing and purchasing terms with manufacturers and suppliers for the benefit of 
our System. HSM may receive an administrative fee from manufacturers and suppliers that is 
between 0.5% and 7% of the purchases made by our franchisees (depending on the specific 
item). For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, HSM had revenues of $38,697,912 in 
administrative fees on purchases made by franchisees of all of our brands. 
If you want to use a product, or a particular brand or model, that has not been specified as having 
met our standards, or if you want to purchase from an unapproved supplier an item that must be 
purchased from an approved supplier, then you can submit a written request for us to approve 
the product or supplier.  We may require certain information or samples which you must provide 
at your expense. We will review all of the pertinent information. While we have no obligation to 
respond within a certain timeframe, our review typically takes 60 to 90 days to complete. We do 
not provide any material benefit (such as license renewal or the grant of additional licenses) to a 
franchisee based on a franchisee’s use of designated or pre-approved suppliers (the Franchise 
Agreement is non-renewable). 
We evaluate suppliers based on many factors, including: (i) the quality and cost of the products 
and/or services; (ii) the supplier’s established history in serving the System with products that 
consistently meet or exceed the standards and specifications as set forth in the Manual; (iii) the 
level of support and recognition of the supplier by us and our franchisees, as well as the System’s 
demand for those products/services; and (iv) the supplier’s ability to service the needs of the 
System. A portion of the revenues collected from rebates, administration fees and purchasing 
fees is used to offset the cost of establishing the purchasing programs and supporting the 
operating expenses of HSM.  
Our affiliate, Hilton JV Acquisition LLC, currently holds a non-controlling equity interest in 
Groups360 LLC (“Groups360”), which is a third-party vendor that provides lead generation, 
advisory, and marketing services to the hotel industry (including us, our System hotels, and 
