 
DQT FDD 3/25, as amended 1/26  
1
UItem 1U: UThe Franchisor, and any Parents, Predecessors, and Affiliates 
 
To simplify the language in this franchise disclosure document (“disclosure document”), “ADQ” 
means American Dairy Queen Corporation, the franchisor. “You” means the person who buys the 
franchise. If the franchisee is a corporation, partnership or other entity, “you” may also mean its 
owners. Certain provisions of the franchise agreement apply to your owners and will be noted in 
this disclosure document.  
ADQ is a Delaware corporation incorporated in 1962. ADQ’s principal business address is 8000 
Tower, Suite 700, 8331 Norman Center Drive, Bloomington, MN 55437. ADQ has not had any 
predecessors during the 10-year period immediately before the close of its most recent fiscal year. 
ADQ does business under its corporate name and the trade names “Dairy Queen” and “DQ.” 
ADQ is a wholly-owned subsidiary of its parent corporation, International Dairy Queen, Inc. 
(“IDQ”), whose principal business address is the same as ADQ’s. IDQ is a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of its parent corporation, Berkshire Hathaway, Inc., whose principal business address 
is 1440 Blackstone Plaza, Omaha, Nebraska 68131. 
ADQ’s affiliates that offer franchises in any line of business or provide products or services to 
franchisees are: Unified Supply Chain, Inc. (“USCI”); DQF, Inc. (“DQF”); DQGC, Inc. 
(“DQGC”) and federal Canadian corporation Dairy Queen Canada Inc. (“DQC”). In addition, the 
following ADQ affiliate owns and operates DQ Grill & Chill® restaurants: DQ Training 
Restaurants, LLC (“DQTR”). The principal business address for USCI, DQF, DQGC and DQTR 
is the same as ADQ. The principal business address for DQC is 1111 International Boulevard, 
Suite 601, Burlington, Ontario, Canada L7L 6W1. 
ADQ’s agents for service of process are disclosed in Exhibit A of this disclosure document. 
Description of the Franchises Being Offered 
ADQ offers franchises for the development of DQ® Treat stores. A DQ® Treat store is a quick 
service food establishment with indoor seating (and outdoor, in certain locations) from which you 
will sell the full line of approved DQ® soft-serve, treat, and beverage menu items, and a limited 
number of approved food items, and which will be operated under the DQ® and other marks that 
ADQ may designate (the “Trademarks”). 
ADQ offers DQ® Treat franchises for captive venue (“Captive-venue”) locations, which are 
locations in shopping malls or centers (enclosed or open air, such as a lifestyle center) with a 
minimum of 500,000 square feet of gross leasable area, transportation terminals, hospitals, college 
and university facilities, parks and recreation areas, office buildings and other locations that cater to 
high volume walking traffic. Captive-venue locations will operate under the trade name 
DQ®/Orange Julius®. ADQ also offers DQ® Treat franchises for “Street” locations, which are 
defined as freestanding, streetscape or strip mall locations with less than 500,000 gross leasable area. 
Street locations will operate under the trade name DQ®/Dairy Queen®. 
 
