4225 DQT Oper Agmt - 03/25 
22 
(3) 
Accounts and other indebtedness incurred by Licensee relating to 
the Restaurant. 
(B) 
If Licensee defaults on any payment listed in section 10.1(A), Company 
may pay it on Licensee’s behalf and Licensee must promptly reimburse 
Company on demand for the payment. 
10.2 Liability and Indemnification. Licensee waives all claims against Company 
for damages to property or injuries to persons arising out of the operation of the 
Restaurant. Licensee must fully protect, indemnify and defend Company and its 
affiliates and hold them harmless from and against any and all claims, demands, 
damages, and liabilities of any nature whatsoever arising in any manner, directly 
or indirectly, out of or in connection with or incidental to the Restaurant 
(regardless of cause or any concurrent or contributing fault or negligence of 
Company) or any breach or failure to comply with this agreement. 
10.3 Insurance. 
(A) 
Licensee must purchase and maintain at its own expense liability 
insurance at a minimum limit of liability designated periodically by 
Company, but not less than $2,000,000 per occurrence, or a higher amount 
that Company may in the future require of similarly situated franchisees 
or that a lessor of the Restaurant premises may require. The insurance 
coverage must start on the earlier of the date Licensee takes possession of 
the Authorized Location or the date Licensee begins operating the 
Restaurant, and continue through the later of the Expiration Date or the 
date the Restaurant closes. Licensee must annually, or any shorter period 
of time at Company’s request, deliver to Company a certificate of 
insurance and additional insured and other endorsements showing 
compliance with this section 10.3. The insurance coverage must: 
(1) 
Insure Licensee, Company, Company’s affiliates and any other 
person or entity designated by Company by name from liability for 
any and all such damage and injury; 
(2) 
Be written with a company rated no less than “A” by AM Best 
Insurance Rating; 
(3) 
Name International Dairy Queen, Inc. and its affiliates as an 
additional insured; and 
(4) 
Provide that Company will be given 30 days’ prior written notice of 
material change in or termination or cancellation of the policy. 
(B) 
Licensee must purchase and maintain workers’ compensation insurance 
and all additional insurance that may be required by law or other 
agreement related to the Restaurant. 
