4225 DQT Oper Agmt - 03/25 
15 
7.5 
Supervision. Licensee must maintain and operate the Restaurant at the 
Authorized Location under Licensee’s active and continuous supervision in 
compliance with the System, on the terms of this agreement. At all times for the 
Restaurant, Licensee must have a Designated Manager and one Assistant 
Manager if the Restaurant is Licensee’s first DQ® treat restaurant, or only a 
Designated Manager if the Restaurant is License’s second or more DQ® treat 
restaurants, who have all successfully completed all training required by 
Company prior to starting any management duties. Any new or replacement 
Designated Manager or Assistant Manager must meet Company’s then current 
training requirements for DQ® treat restaurant managers. 
7.6 
Staffing. Licensee must require all Restaurant employees to work in clean 
uniforms approved by Company, at Licensee’s cost or at the employee’s cost at 
Licensee’s election. No employee of Licensee is or will be deemed an employee 
of Company for any purpose.  Licensee will hire all employees of the 
Restaurant, and be exclusively responsible for the terms of their employment, 
compensations, scheduling, benefits, disciplining and all other personnel 
decisions respecting Restaurant employees without any influence or advice 
from Company.  Licensee will implement a training program for Restaurant 
employees in compliance with Company’s requirements.  Licensee will 
maintain at all times a staff of trained employees sufficient to operate the 
Restaurant in compliance with Company’s standards. 
7.7 
Attendance at Meetings. The Controlling Owner must, at Licensee’s expense, 
attend all meetings Company holds or sponsors in Licensee’s area or region, 
including all designated market area or other marketing area meetings for the 
marketing area in which the Restaurant is located, and all meetings related to 
new products or product preparation procedures, new System programs, new 
operational procedures or programs, training, restaurant management, financial 
management, sales or sales promotion, or similar topics. If the Controlling Owner 
is unable to attend a meeting, Licensee must notify Company prior to the 
meeting and cause a substitute person from Licensee’s operations acceptable to 
Company to attend and represent Licensee at the meeting. Company strongly 
recommends that key employees of Licensee also attend meetings described in 
this subparagraph. 
7.8 
Cost of Training and Meetings. Licensee is responsible for any applicable 
tuition or fee, the salaries, wages, benefits, travel and living expenses, and 
other related costs for all individuals affiliated with Licensee and the 
Restaurant who attend any initial training, ongoing training, other training 
and meetings described in this section 7. 
8. 
SALES PROMOTION ACTIVITIES. Licensee will actively promote the Restaurant, 
abide by Company’s advertising requirements, and comply with the following 
provisions: 
8.1 
Sales Promotion Activities and Fees. Company may periodically establish, 
organize, and prescribe sales promotion activities, and Licensee must pay to 
Company or Company’s designee the sales promotion program fee in section 9.3 
