® and © Am. D.Q. Corp.  
(Rev. 03/25) 
 
2 
FRANCHISE APPLICATION PROCEDURE 
 
American Dairy Queen Corporation (“Company”) would like to take this opportunity to thank you for 
your application for a new franchise.  It is important to remember that this is an APPLICATION ONLY 
which must be reviewed and approved through Company’s Development Review Committee (DRC) 
before any franchise rights are awarded to you. The DRC review includes the following: 
 
Applicant Qualification 
Company review of the franchise application, including applicants’ personal and financial background, 
proposed ownership structure and management structure, and discovery day at Company’s Franchisee 
Support Center in Minneapolis, MN or other in-person meetings. 
 
                                                  Financial Qualification  
Minimum requirements for liquid assets and the amount of equity to be invested in the development of 
a single, new location are: 
 
 
Liquid Assets 
Equity In Project 
DQ Grill & Chill® & DQ® Texas Restaurant 
$400,000 
$300,000 
DQ® Treat 
$175,000 
$125,000 
 
The actual equity necessary for a project may be greater depending upon lender requirements, actual 
cost of applicant’s project, etc.   
 
       Trade Area Review & Site Qualification 
Review of applicants’ proposed trade area and site. 
 
You will be notified in writing of the successful completion of your review process and any conditions 
to that approval and consent. 
 
 
IMPORTANT: 
You are not awarded a franchise and have no license rights unless and until you are in receipt of an 
Operating Agreement signed by a Vice President of Company. This Application or any other 
document or verbal advice is not to be construed as, and is not, an Operating Agreement or the grant 
of a franchise or license rights. Do not make any financial or contractual commitments or incur any 
expenses relative to this Application until you have received written notification that your Application 
has been approved and you have received Company’s consent.  If circumstances warrant, any 
options or lease proposals should be drafted contingent on Company’s approval and consent.  Any 
expenses you incur prior to execution of an Operating Agreement are done at your own risk. 
 
 
NO ADDITIONS, DELETIONS, OR CHANGES TO THIS FRANCHISE APPLICATION PROCEDURE 
ARE ACCEPTABLE UNLESS INITIALED BY BOTH THE APPLICANT(S) AND AN OFFICER OF 
COMPANY. 
 
 
 
 
