DQ Participation Agreement 
 
 
 
7 
 
 
 
 
 
02/05/25 
 
6. On-Site Remedial Maintenance Services (If Applicable) 
(a) On-Site Remedial Maintenance Services. PAR will provide on-site remedial maintenance services for 
the Equipment (“RMS Equipment”) identified and set forth in the Sales Order/Purchase Order (the “RMS 
Service” and/or “On-Site Maintenance Services”) as follows: 
(b) Principle Periods of Maintenance. PAR will provide RMS Service availability during the Principal 
Period of Maintenance (“PPM”) set forth below: 
 
Call Priority 
PPM (all times are Local Site Time) 
P1 
8 a.m. – 12 midnight - 7 Days/week 
P2 
8 a.m. - 12 midnight - Monday thru Saturday only, excluding PAR 
Holidays 
 
i. 
Help Desk Support. PAR will provide a toll-free number and the availability of support personnel 
24 hours a day, 7 days a week, for Participating Location’s non-exclusive use to notify PAR of all 
service requests for diagnostic support. 
ii. 
Remedial Maintenance. PAR will provide RMS Service as required during the PPM, following 
notification by the Participating Location and PAR’s technical assistance confirmation that RMS 
Equipment is inoperative or malfunctioning. Maintenance will consist of the repair or replacement 
of parts deemed necessary by PAR to return RMS Equipment to good operating condition. PAR 
reserves the right to refuse to perform RMS Services when, in PAR’s judgment, conditions at the 
Participating Location present a hazard to the safety or health of PAR’s employees. Maintenance 
materials, tools, documentation, replaced parts, diagnostic and test equipment provided by PAR 
shall remain PAR’s property. 
iii. 
Call Priorities and Response/Restoration Times. 
a. 
Call Priority. Requests for RMS Service will be prioritized as follows: 
 
Call Priority 
Definition 
P1 
• 50% of front counter terminals are down. 
• 50% of drive-thru terminals are down. 
• 50% of KVS monitors are down. 
P2 
Equipment failures outside of the P1 definition – store operations are 
not materially affected 
 
b. 
Response Time. Upon confirmation of a request for RMS Service, PAR will use 
commercially reasonable efforts to respond on-site at the Participating Location and restore 
the RMS Equipment within the response/restoration times as follows: 
 
Call Priority 
RMS Response 
RMS Restoration 
Service Level for Restoration 
P1 
4 Contract 
Hours 
8 Contract Hours 
90% 
P2 
Next Contract 
Day 
Next Contract Day 
by 6:00pm local 
time 
90% 
“Contract Hour” is that or those hours falling within the applicable PPM, as defined above. 
 
Additional time shall be permitted for response to P1 calls based upon the Customer’s 
location’s geographical distance from a PAR field service location, as follows: 
