4225 DQT Oper Agmt - 03/25 
36 
otherwise provided in this agreement, this agreement cannot be waived, altered 
or rescinded, in whole or in part, except by a writing signed by Licensee and 
Company. This agreement together with its addenda and the Licensee’s 
application form submitted to Company are the sole agreement between the 
parties with respect to the entire subject matter of this agreement and embody 
all prior agreements and negotiations with respect to the Restaurant. Nothing in 
this agreement, its addenda, and the application form, or in any related 
agreement is intended to disclaim the representations Company made in the 
franchise disclosure document, and any representations or promises made 
outside these documents may not be enforceable.  
15.3 Notice. Except as otherwise provided in this agreement, any notice, demand or 
communication provided for in this agreement must be in writing and signed by 
the party serving it and delivered personally, by a reputable overnight service or 
deposited in the United States mail (by registered or certified mail if it is a notice 
of default), service or postage prepaid, or, if notice is to a Licensee, via the email 
account or other form of electronic communication maintained by Licensee 
pursuant to Section 6.5(C) of this Agreement, to the extent permitted by law, or 
as otherwise provided in the Operations Manual. A notice delivered by overnight 
service is deemed received the day after it is given to the overnight service; a 
notice delivered by regular, registered or certified mail is deemed received 4 days 
after it is given to the United States Postal Service, or any shorter period in 
which the notice was actually delivered. A notice delivered by email or other form 
of electronic communication is deemed received on the date the notice was 
actually delivered.  Notices will be addressed as follows: 
(A) 
If intended for Company, addressed to the President, American Dairy 
Queen Corporation, 8000 Tower, Suite 700, 8331 Norman Center Drive, 
Bloomington, MN 55437 U.S.A.; 
(B) 
If intended for Licensee, addressed to Licensee at the Authorized 
Location designated on the cover page. If Licensee is an entity or 
consists of more than one individual, then notices may be addressed to 
any single individual or Owner identified on the Ownership Addendum 
attached to this agreement. Legal notices sent to the individual or Owner 
will be deemed received by the Licensee; or 
(C) 
To another address as designated by written notice to the other party. 
15.4 Authority. Any modification, consent, approval, authorization or waiver 
granted under this agreement that is required to be effective by signature will 
be valid only if in writing executed by an authorized signatory of Licensee’s on 
behalf of Licensee or, if on behalf of Company, in writing executed by its 
President or one of its Vice Presidents. 
15.5 References. If Licensee consists of 2 or more individuals, the individuals are 
jointly and severally liable, and references to Licensee in this agreement include 
all individuals. Headings and captions in this agreement are for convenience of 
