4225 DQT Oper Agmt - 03/25 
16 
regardless of whether other Company licensees pay greater, lesser, or no sales 
promotion program fees. Company has the sole right to determine how the sales 
promotion program fees will be spent, including the selection of promotional 
materials and activities. Company and its affiliates have no fiduciary obligation 
to DQ® licensees with respect to the sales promotion activities or expenditures of 
sales promotion program fees. The sales promotion program fees are not held by 
Company in trust. Company will make a good faith effort to expend the fees in 
the general best interests of the DQ® brand or Franchise System (or one or more 
components thereof). Company will make available upon request the sales 
promotion activities receipts and expenditures from the fees collected. Company 
is not required to audit the sales promotion receipts and expenditures. 
8.2 
Administration Expenses. Company may use a portion of the sales promotion 
program fees to compensate itself or its affiliates for the expense of administering 
and promoting sales promotion activities.  
8.3 
Approved Materials. Licensee must only use the sales promotion or other 
advertising materials that Company furnishes or makes available to Licensee, or 
that Company approves for use in Licensee’s sales promotion activities. 
(A) 
Company Provided Materials. 
(1) 
Company may periodically make available sales promotion or other 
advertising materials to Licensee at a reasonable cost. Licensee 
must purchase these materials; however, Company may at its 
option periodically include the cost of these materials in the sales 
promotion program fee paid under section 9.3.  
(2) 
Licensee cannot transfer sales promotion or advertising materials 
that Company furnishes or makes available to Licensee to any third 
party or allow a third party to use them. Sales promotion and other 
advertising materials produced by the national marketing fund 
(“NMF”) administered by Company are licensed only to current 
NMF participating DQ® restaurants and stores, and may not be 
transferred to or used in any way by or in non-NMF participating 
DQ® restaurants and stores. 
(B) 
Licensee Developed Materials. Licensee must submit all sales 
promotion or other advertising materials developed by Licensee to 
Company for Company’s written approval prior to use. 
(1) 
Examples of sales promotion or advertising materials that Company 
must approve include menu board transparencies, counter mats, 
counter mat inserts, posters, billboard paper or vinyl, newspaper 
inserts, lawn signs, banners, menu board or register toppers, 
window clings, cake freezer merchandising, stanchions/display 
point-of-purchase, TV and radio creative, online communication, 
electronic or mobile media, loyalty programs, and direct mail. 
