 
DQT FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26   
27 
Payments from Suppliers 
During the 2024 fiscal year, IDQ derived revenues of $40,325,880from the net sale of products, 
marketing kits, real estate finance and rental income, insurance, and supplier service fees. This 
amount equals 16% of IDQ’s total revenues of $257,640,594, based on IDQ’s consolidated 
statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2024. Consolidated financial statements are 
included in this disclosure document as Exhibit K, and include the accounts of IDQ and its 
subsidiaries described in Item 1. The revenues reflect purchases by DQ® and Orange Julius® 
franchisees. 
 
IDQ and its affiliates receive fees or payments from some third party suppliers that may or may 
not be reasonably related to services IDQ or its affiliates provide to the suppliers. Some 
arrangements with third party suppliers require IDQ or its affiliates to perform services, such as 
administrative, technical, quality assurance, advisory, data collection, customer service, or 
promotion forecasting services. Presently, IDQ and its affiliates receive fees and payments from 
third party suppliers ranging from 0% to 10% of each supplier’s sales to franchisees or warehouses 
in the U.S. of the following items which are used in the operation of DQ® restaurants or stores: 
products, services, ingredients, supplies, equipment, uniforms, signage, fixtures, furnishings, 
advertising and sales promotion materials. These fees and payments are calculated as a percentage 
and paid as a percentage or as a flat fee amount. This range, and the amounts listed below, may be 
adjusted in the future. Also, USCI authorized warehouses pay a fee to USCI of up to 0.5% of their 
gross sales of product moving through the DQ® system. 
IDQ and its affiliates may receive fees and payments from third party suppliers in greater amounts 
with respect to items not used in the operation of DQ® restaurants or stores, such as items sold 
under a merchandise licensing program or other similar arrangement. For example, ADQ may 
grant a license to a manufacturer to allow it to place ADQ’s trademarks on sportswear or 
advertising specialty products.  
 
Although not considered revenue, ADQ and its affiliates received payments in 2024 from third 
party suppliers that were accounted for as DQ® national or DMA advertising fund receipts totaling 
approximately $3,082,197, which includes $1,337,998from various third party vendors, and 
$1,744,199 from soft drink vendors. As of the date of this disclosure document, ADQ anticipates 
that ADQ and its affiliates will receive similar amounts from third party suppliers in 2025. These 
payments may be percentage payments based on sales to franchisees, lump sums, reimbursements, 
or other similar types of payment. ADQ or its affiliates may also receive payments in connection 
with conferences hosted by ADQ or its affiliates, or in connection with other unique activities or 
initiatives, and these funds may, in consultation with the franchisee SCAC, be used in various 
ways to benefit the DQ® or Orange Julius® systems. 
Fee and payment arrangements in foreign countries may be different than arrangements in the U.S. 
Ownership Interest in Suppliers 
As of December 31, 2024, some ADQ officers own an interest in the following companies that 
supply products or services to ADQ’s franchisees: Ecolab, Verizon Wireless, Coca Cola, Google 
Analytics/Firebase, Microsoft Azure, CDW Corporation, Clorox Sales Company, Sherwin 
