 
- 8 - 
leasehold improvements, and 15 to 40 years for buildings. Significant improvements that extend the 
lives of property and equipment are capitalized. Costs for repairs and maintenance are charged to 
expense as incurred. When property is retired or otherwise disposed of, the recorded cost of the assets 
and their related accumulated depreciation are removed from the Consolidated Balance Sheets and any 
related gains or losses are included in income. 
Recoverability of Long-Lived Assets—The Company reviews the recoverability of long-lived assets, such 
as property and equipment, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the 
carrying value of an asset or group of assets may not be recoverable. The Company determines 
potential impairment by comparing the carrying value of the assets with the net undiscounted cash 
flows expected to be provided by operating activities of the business or related products. If the sum of 
the expected future net undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying value, the Company 
determines whether an impairment loss should be recognized. An impairment loss is measured by 
comparing the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the assets. Impairment 
losses on long-lived assets held for sale are determined in a similar manner, except that fair values are 
reduced for the cost to dispose of the assets. The measurement of impairment requires the Company 
to estimate future cash flows and the fair value of long-lived assets. The Company did not record any 
long-lived asset impairments for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022. 
Goodwill and Intangibles—Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles are recorded in accordance with 
Accounting Standards Codification (ASC or the “Codification”) 350, Intangibles—Goodwill and Other, 
and ASC 805, Business Combinations. The Company evaluates goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles 
for impairment at least annually. The Company did not record any goodwill or intangible impairments 
for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022. Costs associated with the acquisition or 
development of software for internal use are capitalized and amortized over the expected useful life of 
the software, generally from 3 to 7 years. 
Leases—Leases are recorded in accordance with ASC 842, Leases which requires a lessee to recognize a 
liability to make lease payments and an asset for the right to use the underlying asset for the lease 
term. A right of use asset and lease liability is recognized for all leases with lease terms greater than 
one year. Right of use assets are classified as operating lease assets and represent the right to use an 
underlying asset for the lease term. Lease liabilities are classified as operating lease liabilities and 
represent the obligation to make lease payments under the lease. Operating lease liabilities are 
measured based on the non-cancellable lease term using a risk-free interest rate for highly liquid 
market securities. Operating lease assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in 
circumstances indicate that an operating lease asset’s carrying amount may not be recoverable. 
Committed Advertising— The Company facilitates the collection of sales promotion funds from 
franchisees and administers programs to spend the funds for the purpose of growing sales and profits 
at franchised locations. Contributions to the advertising and marketing funds represent distinct 
performance obligations to administer the collection, spending and reporting of committed advertising 
activity. Franchise Advertising Committees, consisting of franchisee-elected representatives 
independent of the Company, approve annual promotional calendars and associated budgets and 
monitor performance against these budgets through periodic reporting. As a result, the Company acts 
as an agent of the committed advertising funds and thus records receipts and disbursements from the 
funds net on the balance sheet. Committed advertising, when in a net liability position, represents 
unexpended amounts received from franchisees to finance advertising programs. When in a net asset 
position, it represents expended amounts to be received from franchisees. 
