 
DQT FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26   
41 
ADQ’s and its Affiliates’ Rights 
ADQ and its affiliates have the right to operate and grant others the right to operate competing 
business under the Trademarks, any affiliate’s trademarks, or any other trademarks at any location 
but your store’s authorized location. These locations may include freestanding buildings and 
facilities, strip centers, shopping malls, and other similar locations. These locations also may 
include transportation terminals, sports facilities, recreation areas, hotels, hospitals, campus 
facilities, and other non-traditional locations. You do not have any right to exclude, control or 
impose conditions on the location or development of future restaurants or stores franchised by 
others or owned and operated by ADQ or its affiliates. 
ADQ and its affiliates also have the right to sell or distribute, themselves or through designees,  
products and services through any distribution channels or methods, including the internet (or any 
other existing or future form of electronic commerce such as social media, mobile applications, 
third party platforms and the metaverse), catalog sales, telemarketing or other direct marketing and 
pre-packaged retail sales using the Trademarks, or any other trademarks, service marks, trade 
names and commercial symbols, without any compensation to franchisees. 
 
There are no territorial or customer restrictions on your sales from your store, and you are not 
required to compensate other franchisees, nor are you entitled to receive compensation from other 
franchisees or ADQ based on sales from a restaurant or store. You are not, however, granted any 
right under any franchise agreement to sell products and menu items identified by the Trademarks, 
or any of ADQ’s affiliates’ trademarks, or any other trademarks: (1) at any location other than 
your store; or (2) through resale or any other channels or methods of distribution, including the 
internet (or any other existing or future form of electronic commerce such as social media, mobile 
applications, third party platforms and the metaverse), catalog sales, telemarketing or other direct 
marketing and pre-packaged retail sales, except as ADQ may authorize or require in writing for all 
or part of the franchise system. 
As described in Item 1, ADQ and its affiliates offer franchises under different trademarks that sell 
some, but not all, products similar to those you will offer in your DQ® Treat store.  
• DQ Grill & Chill®. ADQ offers single and multiple unit franchises under the DQ Grill & 
Chill® trademarks, which sell substantially the same soft-serve and treat products, but with 
a full food menu containing certain similar food products. 
 
• Texas DQ® Restaurant. ADQ offers single and multiple unit DQ® restaurant franchises 
in Texas under the DQ® trademark, which sell substantially the same soft-serve and treat 
products, but not the same food products.  
 
Neither ADQ nor its affiliates own or operate any DQ® Treat stores, Texas DQ® restaurants, or 
Orange Julius® stores. ADQ’s affiliate, DQTR, owns and operates DQ Grill & Chill® restaurants, 
as described in Item 1. The DQ Grill & Chill®, DQ® Treat, Texas DQ® restaurant, and Orange 
Julius® franchises are all site-only franchises with no territory rights granted to franchisees 
(although certain multiple unit DQ Grill & Chill®, DQ® Treat or Texas DQ® restaurant 
franchisees may have a development or trade area under a multi-unit agreement). However, there 
are no territorial or customer restrictions on these franchisees’ sales from their stores or restaurants. 
