State Addendum (DQT Oper Agmt) - 3/25 
 
ADDENDUM TO 
OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR THE 
USTATE OF ILLINOIS 
 
This Addendum will pertain to franchises sold in the State of Illinois and will be for the 
purpose of complying with Illinois statutes and regulations. Notwithstanding anything which may 
be contained in the body of the Operating Agreement to the contrary, the Agreement will be amended 
to include the following: 
 
1. 
The third sentence in subparagraph 15.2 of the Agreement is deleted. Section 41 of 
the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act states that “any condition, stipulation, or provision purporting 
to bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive compliance with any provision of this Act is 
void.” 
 
2. 
Subparagraph 15.2 of the Agreement shall not be construed to mean that Licensee 
may not rely on representations in the Franchise Disclosure Document that Company provided to 
Licensee in connection with the offer and purchase of the license granted under this Agreement. 
Although the statements in the Disclosure Document do not become part of the Agreement, 
nothing in the Disclosure Document may contradict or be inconsistent with the contract terms. 
 
3. 
Subparagraph 15.8(A) of the Agreement is deleted and replaced with the following: 
 
 
 
1. 
Applicable Law. Subject to Company’s rights under federal 
trademark laws and the parties’ rights under the Federal Arbitration Act in 
accordance with Paragraph 12 of this Agreement, the parties’ rights under 
this Agreement, and the relationship between the parties is governed by, and 
will be interpreted in accordance with, the laws (statutory or otherwise) of 
the state in which the Authorized Location is located. 
 
 
4. 
Subparagraph 15.9 of the Agreement is deleted. 
 
5. 
Subparagraph 15.16 of the Agreement is deleted. 
 
6. 
Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act paragraphs 705/19 and 705/20 provide rights to 
Licensee concerning nonrenewal and termination of this Agreement.  If the Operating Agreement 
contains a provision that is inconsistent with the Act, the Act shall control. 
 
 
 
 
 
Licensee’s Initials 
 
American Dairy Queen Corporation’s 
 
 
Initials 
 
