 
DQT FDD 3/25, as amended 1/26  
11 
2016).  ADQ commenced this action against the defendant franchisee seeking a declaratory 
judgment that ADQ properly terminated defendant’s franchise agreement after defendant failed to 
comply with numerous contractual requirements and then failed to timely cure its defaults of the 
franchise agreement after notice from ADQ.  ADQ also sought injunctive relief and damages under 
the Lanham Act for defendant’s infringement of ADQ’s trademarks.   Defendant counterclaimed 
against ADQ alleging claims for violation of the Wisconsin Fair Dealership Law, tortious 
interference with contract, and several counts of intentional breach of contract.  On August 25, 
2017, the court granted ADQ’s motion for partial summary judgment and dismissed defendants 
claim for tortious interference.  The parties settled the remaining claims on December 11, 2017 
with defendant agreeing to relinquish any remaining rights he may have to use ADQ’s trademarks 
and systems under, and to the termination of, his franchise agreement and the territory agreements 
for four territories in Iowa in exchange for a mutual release of claims and a payment of $425,000 
from ADQ. 
 
M & M Petroleum Too, Inc. vs. American Dairy Queen Corporation (American Arbitration 
Association, #01-19-0003-3181, filed October 18, 2019).  ADQ terminated Petitioner’s franchise 
rights effective October 21, 2019 for failure to submit accounts receivable balances, store monthly 
reports and fees and other documents contractually required under the Operating Agreement to be 
submitted to ADQ.  Petitioner alleged wrongful termination and requested a stay of the termination 
pending a determination of Petitioner’s rights under the Operating Agreement. Petitioner also 
claimed damages for breach of contract and attorneys’ fees.  ADQ denied Petitioner’s claims and 
counterclaimed for breaches of the operating agreement.  The parties reached a settlement on 
March 12, 2020 under which they agreed to terminate the operating agreement effective April 15, 
2020 and both parties agreed to waive their claims for damages, including ADQ’s claims for any 
unpaid fees owed by Petitioner. 
 
White Enterprise, Inc. vs. American Dairy Queen Corporation (American Arbitration Association, 
Case No. 01-20-0000-3584, filed January 30, 2020).  Claimant commenced this action January 30, 
2020 alleging a breach of contract and implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing.  In addition, 
Claimant seeks a declaratory judgment requiring ADQ to provide Claimant with the full benefits 
of ADQ’s sales promotion program including point-of-sale and other store-level materials without 
the requirement of pledging to the higher national marketing fund commitment level. The parties 
reached a settlement on May 15, 2020 under which they agreed that, effective January 1, 2021, 
Claimant shall pay to ADQ a sales promotion fee of 2.5% of gross sales and ADQ shall provide 
Claimant with the full benefits available under the National Marketing Fund (''NMF") or any 
equivalent marketing program ADQ may make available to U.S. franchisees in the future.  
 
Actions Involving the Franchise Relationship 
 
In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, ADQ or its affiliates were parties to the following 
actions involving the franchise relationship: 
 
No litigation is required to be disclosed in this Item. 
U 
Item 4U: UBankruptcy 
No bankruptcy is required to be disclosed in this Item. 
