 
DQT FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26   
45 
are no limits on ADQ’s right to make modifications to the approved menu and ingredients 
periodically through the Operations Manual, system bulletin or otherwise in writing, any of which 
may be communicated electronically. To the fullest extent the law allows, ADQ may require you 
to offer items on the menu at the maximum, minimum, or other prices that ADQ specifies. In order 
to carry certain optional menu items as approved by ADQ, ADQ has the right to require you to 
attend specialized training and/or purchase additional equipment. You might have to pledge 
additional funds to be used for advertising the optional products in your trade area. Other stores 
may carry different menu items than you carry in your store.  
You must not sell, offer for sale or otherwise handle alcoholic or intoxicating beverages or 
controlled substances upon the store premises. You must not have or use, or permit the presence 
or use of, ATM, video game machines or vending machines or any like coin-operated or electronic 
device or machine upon the store premises. In addition, you must not offer, sell, use or participate 
in, any lottery or gambling device of any nature at or from the store premises. Your store must be 
smoke-free for all customers and employees, and you must post signs on all doors and throughout 
the store that announce the smoke-free policy. 
UItem 17U: URenewal, Termination, Transfer, and Dispute Resolution 
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP  
This table lists certain important provisions of the franchise and related agreements. You 
should read these provisions in the agreements attached to this disclosure document. 
Provision 
Section in franchise 
agreement 
Summary 
a. Length of the franchise 
term 
Section 4.1 
15 years, if for a new restaurant franchise; 
 
The lesser of 15 years or the remaining term of 
the transferring licensee’s franchise agreement, 
if the agreement is signed as a requirement of a 
transfer; or 
 
The renewal term specified in the expiring 
franchise agreement, if the agreement is signed 
as a requirement of a renewal.  
b. Renewal or extension of 
the term 
Section 4.3 
Renewal for one additional term for the shorter 
of 15 years or the remaining term of the lease. 
