 
DQT FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26   
42 
The principal business address for ADQ is 8000 Tower, Suite 700, 8331 Norman Center Drive, 
Bloomington, MN 55437, and the companies have their combined training facilities and offices at 
that address. 
ADQ occasionally is called upon to decide whether to grant a license for a new restaurant or store 
(whether under the DQ®, Dairy Queen®, or a different ADQ or affiliate trademark, as described 
above) in proximity to an existing store or restaurant. ADQ makes no commitment that ADQ will 
not establish new restaurants or stores in proximity to existing stores or restaurants. Nevertheless, 
there may be circumstances under which ADQ, acting within its exclusive and absolute right, may 
choose not to establish a new restaurant or store in proximity to an existing restaurant, as a means 
to resolve conflicts between franchisor and franchisee and the franchisees of each system and 
within each system. 
As mentioned above, territory operators have the right to operate restaurants and stores for their 
own account and to subfranchise third parties to operate restaurants and stores within their 
territories. Territory operators may or may not have their own development and site clearance 
programs. Further, it is important to note that territory operators are not obligated to follow ADQ 
factors or guidelines when granting a license to operate a restaurant or store in close proximity to 
existing DQ® restaurants or stores. 
UItem 13U: UTrademarks 
The franchise agreement licenses you to use certain DQ®, Dairy Queen® and other ADQ 
trademarks (the “Trademarks”). Listed below are the principal Trademarks, which are registered 
with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. ADQ also claims common law trademark 
rights for all of the Trademarks. ADQ has filed or intends to file all required affidavits and renewals 
for the trademarks listed below. 
Principal Trademarks 
U.S. Reg. 
No. 
Principal/ 
Supplemental 
Register 
Date of 
Registration 
DAIRY QUEEN 
0728894 
Principal 
03/20/62 
DQ 
3211469 
Principal 
02/20/07 
 
3046169 
Principal 
01/17/06 
ORANGE JULIUS 
3247123 
Principal 
05/29/07 
 
3624481 
Principal 
05/19/09 
 
ADQ identifies the Trademarks that you are licensed to use in the Operations Manual or otherwise 
in writing. ADQ has the right to change the Trademarks you are licensed to use periodically 
through changes to the Operations Manual, or otherwise in writing, any of which may be 
communicated electronically. Your use of the Trademarks and any goodwill is to ADQ’s exclusive 
benefit and you retain no rights in the Trademarks other than a license to use the Trademarks during 
the term of your franchise agreement. You retain no rights in the Trademarks upon termination of 
