4225 DQT Oper Agmt - 03/25 
38 
uniformity, enhancing or encouraging modernization, and improving the 
competitive position of the Franchise System (or one or more 
components of it). Neither Licensee nor any third party (including, 
without limitation, a trier of fact) will substitute its judgment for 
Company’s Reasonable Business Judgment. 
15.9 Venue. Any cause of action, claim, suit or demand allegedly arising from or 
related to the terms of this agreement or the relationship of the parties that is 
not subject to arbitration under section 12, must be brought in the Federal 
District Court for the District of Minnesota or in Hennepin County District 
Court, Fourth Judicial District, Minneapolis, Minnesota. Both parties hereto 
irrevocably admit themselves to, and consent to, the jurisdiction of said courts. 
The provisions of this subparagraph survive the termination of this agreement. 
Licensee is aware of the business purposes and needs underlying the language 
of this subparagraph, and with a complete understanding thereof, agrees to be 
bound in the manner set forth. 
15.10 Waiver of Punitive Damages. Licensee and Company and their affiliates 
waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the right to or claim for any 
punitive or exemplary damages against the other and in the event of any dispute 
between them, each is limited to the recovery of actual damages sustained by it. 
15.11 Relationship of the Parties. Licensee and Company are independent 
contractors. Neither party is the agent, legal representative, partner, subsidiary, 
joint venturer or employee of the other. Neither party can obligate the other or 
represent any right to do so. This agreement does not reflect or create a fiduciary 
relationship or a relationship of special trust or confidence. 
15.12 Force Majeure. A failure of performance of this agreement by any party will not 
be deemed a breach of this agreement if it arose from a cause beyond the control 
of and without the negligence of the party, provided that the party uses 
reasonable best efforts to perform the obligations as soon as possible under the 
circumstances. Such causes include acts of God, lockouts, strikes, wars, riots, and 
acts of government.  
15.13 Adaptations and Variances. Complete and detailed uniformity under many 
varying conditions may not always be possible, practical, or in the best interest of 
the Franchise System. Accordingly, Company may vary the Menu and other 
standards, specifications, and requirements for any licensed restaurant or store 
or licensee based upon the customs or circumstances of a particular franchise or 
operating agreement, site or location, population density, business potential, 
trade area population, existing business practice, competitive circumstance, or 
any other condition that Company deems to be of importance to the operation of 
such restaurant or store, Licensee’s business, or one or more components of the 
Franchise System. Company is not required to grant to Licensee a like or other 
variation as a result of any variation from standard menus, specifications or 
requirements granted to any other restaurant or store or licensee. Licensee 
acknowledges that it is aware that other licensees of Company operate under a 
number of different forms of franchise agreement or operating agreement that 
