 
- 9 - 
Revenue Recognition—Revenue is recognized when a good or service is transferred to a customer. A 
good or service is transferred as the customer obtains control of that good or service. Revenues are 
based on the consideration expected to be received in connection with the Company’s promises to 
deliver goods and services to its customers. Contracts include various combinations of products and 
services which generally are capable of being distinct and accounted for as separate performance 
obligations. Substantially all of the Company’s revenues are recognized at a point in time which is when 
services are provided. Sales are recognized net of any taxes collected from customers which are 
subsequently remitted to governmental authorities. 
Service fees represent continuing license fees paid by franchisees and are based on sales activity at 
franchised locations. Service fee revenue is recognized as the usage of the license occurs which 
corresponds with the sales at franchised restaurants. 
Other fees and franchise sales includes fees related to supply chain, new store development and the 
administration of franchise contracts. Supply chain fees are recognized at a point in time as products 
are sold by vendors and distributors to franchised locations. New store development fees are 
recognized as revenue when the Company’s obligations regarding services to be performed in opening 
a restaurant are fulfilled which is generally at the time the restaurant is opened. Fees associated with 
the administration of franchise contracts principally relate to sales promotion management fees and 
fees assessed upon transfer and termination of franchise agreements. Such fees are recognized at a 
point in time when the services are performed. Sales promotion management fees are recognized as a 
percentage of sales promotion funds reported as Committed Advertising. Such funds are generated in 
conjunction with the sales of products at franchised locations and are managed by the Company to 
provide advertising programs on behalf of its franchisees. The management fees represent revenues of 
the Company that are earned upon its performance obligation to oversee the collection and 
administration of sales promotion funds. 
A portion of the fees associated with the renewal of franchise agreements and new store development 
are recognized over the contractual term of the agreement during which time the Company is obligated 
to provide continuing licensing rights. Unearned revenue, representing a contract liability, is recorded 
when revenue is recognized subsequent to invoicing and represents revenue related to sales of 
licensing rights in certain geographic areas, revenue associated with contract renewals, and revenue 
associated with store openings in which the Company is not required to provide store opening services 
to franchisees. Unearned revenue is generally invoiced at the beginning of each contract period for 
multi-year agreements and recognized ratably over the life of the agreement. Unearned revenue is 
denoted as deferred franchise income on the consolidated balance sheets. 
Sales by company-owned restaurants and sales of advertising kits represent the sales of products to 
customers in restaurants that are owned by the Company and the sale of in-store promotional 
materials to franchised locations and are recognized at a point in time when control of the product 
transfers to the customer, which coincides with customer pickup or product delivery or acceptance, 
depending on terms of the arrangement. 
Income Taxes—The Company is included in the consolidated federal tax return of Berkshire. The 
provision for income taxes included in these consolidated financial statements is prepared on a 
separate company basis with certain modifications to eliminate the effects of inconsistent conclusions 
related to realizability as a result of inclusion in the Berkshire consolidated return. 
The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which requires the 
recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events 
