4225 DQT Oper Agmt - 03/25 
3 
and manner prescribed by Company in writing, only in connection with the 
products and services specified or approved periodically by Company that meet 
Company’s standards of quality, mode and condition of storage, production and 
sale, and portion and packaging. Licensee must comply with all trademark, trade 
name and service mark notice marking requirements. Licensee acknowledges the 
value of System uniformity and agrees that Licensee’s failure to comply with the 
System will adversely affect the value of the Trademarks. 
3.3 
Restaurant Identification. 
(A) 
Licensee must not use any of the Trademarks as part of its business entity 
name. 
(B) 
Licensee must only use the DQ® mark and no other mark or words as the 
trade name of the Restaurant, unless Company otherwise directs. 
(C) 
Licensee cannot use any additional words with the Trademarks without 
Company’s prior written consent. 
(D) 
Licensee may use the Trademarks on various materials, such as 
business cards, stationery and checks, on the condition that Licensee: 
(1) 
Accurately depicts the Trademarks on the materials; 
(2) 
Includes a statement on the materials indicating that the 
business is independently owned and operated by Licensee; and 
(3) 
Makes available to Company, upon its request, a copy of any 
materials depicting the Trademarks. 
(E) 
Licensee must post a prominent sign in the Restaurant identifying 
Licensee as a franchisee of Company in a format reasonably acceptable to 
Company, which includes an acknowledgment that the Restaurant is 
independently owned and operated by Licensee and the Trademarks are 
owned by Company and used by Licensee under a license issued by 
Company. 
3.4 
Restrictions on Internet and Website Use. Company retains the sole right 
to advertise the System on the internet and to create, operate, maintain and 
modify, or discontinue the use of, websites (including pages and profiles on 
social media websites) using the Trademarks. Licensee has the right to access 
Company’s website. Except as Company may authorize in writing, however, 
Licensee will not: (1) link or frame Company’s website; (2) conduct any 
business or offer to sell or advertise any products or services on the internet (or 
any other existing or future form of electronic communication); and (3) create 
or register any internet domain name in connection with the 
Restaurant. Licensee will not register, as internet domain names, any of the 
Trademarks now or hereafter owned by Company or any abbreviation, 
