4225 DQT Oper Agmt - 03/25 
2 
(B) 
Any right to sell or distribute products and menu items identified by the 
Trademarks at any location other than the Authorized Location or through 
any other channels or methods of distribution, including the internet (or 
any other existing or future form of electronic commerce such as social 
media, mobile applications, third party delivery and other platforms and 
the metaverse) and pre-packaged retail or catalog sales, except as 
Company may authorize or require as part of the System; 
(C) 
Any right to sell or distribute products and menu items identified by the 
Trademarks to any person or entity for resale or further distribution, 
except as Company may authorize or require as part of the System; or 
(D) 
Any right to sublicense, or exclude, control or impose conditions on the 
location or development of future restaurants or stores. 
2.4 
Reservation of Rights. Company reserves all rights not expressly granted to 
Licensee under this agreement. Company and its affiliates have the right to 
operate and grant others the right to operate competing businesses at any 
location but the Authorized Location, as determined by Company or its affiliates. 
These locations may include freestanding buildings and facilities, strip centers, 
shopping malls, and other similar locations. These locations also may include 
transportation terminals, sports facilities, recreation areas, hotels, hospitals, 
campus facilities, and other non-traditional locations. In addition, Company 
and its affiliates have the right to sell or distribute, themselves or through 
designees, products identified by the Trademarks, or any other trademarks, 
service marks, trade names and commercial symbols, through any distribution 
channels or methods, including the internet (or any other existing or future form 
of electronic commerce such as social media, mobile applications, third party 
delivery and other platforms and the metaverse) and pre-packaged retail or 
catalog sales.  
3. 
TRADEMARK STANDARDS AND REQUIREMENTS. The Trademarks are the 
exclusive property of Company or its affiliates, and Licensee’s right to use the 
Trademarks is conditioned upon the following terms: 
3.1 
Trademark Ownership. The Trademarks are valuable property owned or 
licensed by Company, and Company or its affiliates are the exclusive owner of all 
right, title, and interest in and to the Trademarks. Licensee’s use of the 
Trademarks inures to the benefit of Company or its affiliates. Licensee disclaims 
all right, title and interest in or to the goodwill and the Trademarks and agrees 
that the goodwill and Trademarks are the exclusive property of Company or its 
affiliates. Licensee will not, during or after the term of this agreement, engage in 
any direct or indirect conduct that would infringe upon, harm or contest the 
rights of Company or its affiliates in any of the Trademarks or the goodwill 
associated with the Trademarks. 
3.2 
Trademark Use. Licensee may only use the Trademarks in connection with 
the Restaurant, and must not use, or permit the use of, any other trademarks, 
trade names or service marks. Licensee must use the Trademarks, in the form 
