 
DQT FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26   
40 
procedures, new DQ® system programs, new operational procedures or programs, training, store 
management, financial management, sales or sales promotion, or similar topics. 
UItem 12U: UTerritory 
Rights under Franchise Agreement 
When you enter into a franchise agreement, you are granted the right to operate a single store at 
an authorized location that ADQ has consented to in writing. You are not granted any minimum 
area or territory. If you must relocate because the franchised premises are condemned, exercise of 
a relocation right by your landlord, or some other reason that ADQ approves, you may relocate on 
the following conditions: (1) the new location must be acceptable to ADQ, reasonably suited for a 
DQ® Treat location, consistent with ADQ’s site selection guidelines, and within the same building 
or venue as the authorized location if a Captive-venue location, or within a 500 meter radius of the 
authorized location if a Street location; (2) the new site must not infringe on the rights of any other 
DQ® franchisee; (3) the new store must be under construction within 30 days if a Captive-venue 
location or 180 days if a Street location; (4) after construction commences, the new store must be 
open and operating within 90 days if a Captive-venue location or 120 days if a Street location; and 
(5) the new store must be constructed and equipped in accordance with ADQ’s then current 
standards and specifications. 
ADQ has a relocation policy that permits qualifying franchisees with a Street location that sign a 
new franchise agreement and the relocation addendum to relocate a store within two miles of the 
current store location, provided the location is of the same type. For instance, a Street location 
outside of a mall cannot relocate within a mall. The timeframes detailed in the paragraph above 
apply to this relocation policy. Relocating franchisees do not need to pay an initial franchise fee, 
although relocating franchisees must meet the then-current training requirements (including 
payment of any fees and/or costs) and must purchase construction consultation services and 
prototype building plans (if the location is freestanding). See Item 7 for more information on these 
costs. Relocating franchisees may pay reduced continuing license fees and sales promotion 
program fees, depending on the circumstances. See Item 6 for more information. The relocation 
policy is subject to ADQ’s prior written consent and the other relocation standards contained in 
the franchise agreement and any applicable lease (see Item 9). The relocation policy does not apply 
to non-system food or Captive-venue locations. 
You do not have any options, rights of first refusal or similar rights to acquire additional franchises.  
ADQ does not grant exclusive territories to any franchisee under the terms of a franchise 
agreement. In the past, ADQ did grant franchise agreements with protected territories, including 
territory operator agreements, which allow territory operators to operate restaurants and stores for 
their own account and to subfranchise third parties to operate restaurants and stores within their 
territories. You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other 
franchisees, from outlets that ADQ owns, or from other channels of distribution or competitive 
brands that ADQ controls. Consider carefully the implications of a site-only franchise, and review 
closely the section below regarding ADQ’s and its affiliates’ rights. 
