 
DQT FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26   
59 
Dairy Queen®/Limited Brazier®, DQ® Treat & DQ® Soft-Serve Only Subfranchised Territory 
Operator Outlets 
Projected Openings 
As Of December 31, 2024(1) 
State 
Franchise 
Agreements 
Signed But 
Outlet Not 
Opened 
Projected New 
Franchised Outlets 
In The Next Fiscal 
Year 
Projected New 
Company-Owned 
Outlets In The 
Next Fiscal Year 
Totals 
-- 
-- 
-- 
 
(1) Territory operators are not contractually required to provide ADQ with information for their 
projected openings. Therefore, we are unable to provide this information. 
 
 
States not listed in the tables above had no activity of the kind described. Except as noted in this 
Item, neither ADQ nor any of its affiliates operate any company-owned outlets substantially 
similar to that offered under this disclosure document. In addition, no person listed in Item 2, their 
immediate families or any business entities owned by them operate any company-owned outlets.  
Included in this disclosure document as Exhibit I is a list of all operational direct-licensed and 
subfranchised DQ® Treat store and DQ® soft-serve only franchises as of December 31, 2024. 
Included as Exhibit J is a list of all franchisees who have had a direct-licensed and subfranchised 
DQ® Treat, DQ® soft-serve only, or Dairy Queen®/Limited Brazier® franchise terminated, 
canceled, not renewed, or otherwise voluntarily or involuntarily ceased to do business under the 
franchise agreement during the 2024 fiscal year or who have not communicated with ADQ within 
ten weeks of the disclosure document issuance date. This does not include franchisees who close 
their seasonal restaurants or stores for part of the year, or those franchisees with old franchise 
agreements who are not required to pay fees or submit reports to ADQ. There are a total of 30 
former franchisees or subfranchisees listed in Exhibit J: 20 DQ® Treat or Dairy Queen®/Limited 
Brazier® franchisees and 10 DQ® Treat or Dairy Queen®/Limited Brazier® territory operator 
subfranchisees.  If you buy this franchise, your contact information may be disclosed to other 
buyers when you leave the franchise system. 
In some instances, during the last three fiscal years, current and former franchisees have signed 
provisions restricting their ability to speak openly about their experience with ADQ. You may 
want to speak with current and former franchisees, but be aware that not all such franchisees will 
be able to communicate with you about certain aspects of a dispute or their experience with ADQ. 
 
The franchise advisory councils, MAC, OPAC and TAC, are sponsored by ADQ. You can reach 
these  councils at 8000 Tower, Suite 700, 8331 Norman Center Drive, Bloomington, MN 55437, 
Minneapolis, MN 55437 and telephone number (952) 830-0200. The ADQ contact for MAC is 
Maria Hokanson, maria.hokanson@idq.com; the ADQ contact for OPAC is Art D’Elia, 
art.delia@idq.com; and the ADQ contact for TAC is Kevin Baartman, kevin.baartman@idq.com 
(no website dedicated to councils). ADQ also sponsors the Supply Chain Advisory Council 
(“SCAC”), the members of which are elected by franchisees or appointed by ADQ. The business 
address for the SCAC is the same as for the MAC, OPAC and TAC and the ADQ contact is Scott 
Muyres, (952) 830-0200, scott.muyres@idq.com (no website dedicated to council). The following 
