4225 DQT Oper Agmt - 03/25 
21 
(A) 
On-site Audit. Company or its authorized representative may at all times 
during the business day enter the premises where Licensee keeps its 
Business Records, and evaluate, copy and audit the Business Records. 
(B) 
Off-site Audit. In addition to or instead of an on-site audit, Company may 
require Licensee to give Company, at Licensee’s expense, copies of the 
Business Records requested by Company. 
(C) 
Understatement of Gross Sales. In addition to any other rights 
Company may have, if any audit reveals that the Restaurant’s Gross Sales 
have been understated by 3% or more, Licensee must reimburse 
Company for all costs of the audit, including salaries, outside accountant 
fees, outside attorneys’ fees, copying costs, postage, travel, meals, and 
lodging (“audit costs”), and for all audit costs incurred in connection any 
additional periodic on-site or off-site audits of the Business Records that 
Company reasonably deems necessary for up to 2 years after the initial 
audit. Upon Company’s request, Licensee must submit tax returns for all 
Owners to Company. If Licensee intentionally understates or underreports 
Gross Sales, continuing license fees, or sales promotion program fees, or if 
an additional audit conducted within the 2-year period reveals an 
understatement or variance of 3% or more, in addition to any other 
remedies provided for in this agreement, at law or in equity, Company 
may terminate this agreement in accordance with section 13.2(C). 
(D) 
Sales Reconstruction.  In order to verify the information supplied by 
Licensee in the Business Records, Company may reconstruct Licensee’s 
sales through the inventory extension method or any other reasonable 
method of analyzing and reconstructing sales. Licensee will accept a 
reconstruction of sales unless Licensee provides evidence in a form 
satisfactory to Company of Licensee’s actual sales within 14 days from the 
date that Company provides notice to Licensee of the understatement. Any 
amounts payable to Company because of the understatement are due 
immediately at the end of the 14 days. 
10. 
LICENSEE’S OTHER OBLIGATIONS. 
10.1 Payment of Debts. 
(A) 
Licensee must pay promptly when due all: 
(1) 
Payments, obligations, assessments and taxes due and payable to 
Company and its affiliates, vendors, suppliers, lessors, federal, state 
or local governments, or creditors in connection with the 
Restaurant; 
(2) 
Liens and encumbrances of every kind and character created or 
placed upon or against any of the property owned by the 
Restaurant; and 
