DQ Participation Agreement 
 
 
 
34 
 
 
 
 
 
02/05/25 
 
compliance with all applicable laws, including the cardholder name, primary account number, expiration 
date, card security code (CSC) or service code. 
i. 
“Gift/Credit/Debit Card” means a plastic card with encoded card number used as a token for the 
transaction. 
j. “Gift/Credit/Debit Card Data” means all the data derived from EMV chip on a Gift/Credit/Debit 
Card, Near Field Communication (“NFC”), Apple® Pay and magnetic stripe reader (“MSR”) technology 
that Participating Location’s customer may use to swipe/insert/tap on the Device. 
k. 
“Participating Location PARPay Data” means information derived from the Gift/Debit/Credit card 
and additional prompts enabled on the Device platform as part of a Gift/Credit/Debit Card transaction 
submitted by Participating Location electronically through the Service including Transaction Data and 
Settlement Data. 
l. 
"Participating Location Tokens" means a derived alphanumeric value that is linked with a 
Gift/Debit/Credit card. This token cannot be used to process a payment transaction but is only used within 
Participating Location’s database of Participating Location PARPay Data to uniquely identify a customer. 
m. “PARPay Service” means the PARPay services made available to Participating Location by PAR for 
the PARPay Service Fees (as defined herein) paid by Participating Location, which allow Participating 
Location to issue Gift Cards to customers and/or accept Credit and Debit Cards from customers using the 
platform to enable (i) Participating Location to register and monitor sales and usage of each Gift 
/Credit/Debit Card only via Participating Location Tokens, (ii) customers to use Gift/Credit/Debit Cards to 
purchase goods and services at Participating Location’s locations (iii) for Participating Location to access, 
read, and confirm all customer Gift/Credit/Debit Card Data only via Participating Location Tokens and to 
create reports in various formats regarding sale and related transactions. 
n. “State Management Services” means services provided to remotely diagnose and troubleshoot issues 
with the Devices, including providing bug fixes and Device Software updates in accordance with Section 
A.6. below. 
o. “Store Network” this includes the hardware and the software configuration on the network devices 
including switches and firewalls in Participating Location’s location. 
p. “Store Place Portal” means the web-based portal backend business intelligence reporting and analysis 
tool that can be accessed anywhere via the internet or wirelessly from a mobile phone or computer available 
to Participating Locations as part of the PARPay Service. 
q. “Transaction Data” means Gift/Credit/Debit Card Masked Data, sale amount, date, store number, 
transaction type, transaction status, transaction time, customer name and transaction amount. 
r. “User Documentation” means the technical information or materials developed by us and provided to 
Participating Location in connection with the use of the PARPay Service. 
2. PAYMENT PROCESSING SERVICE. Payment processing enables Participating Location to provide 
credit, debit card processing and private card processing via the internet or wirelessly. The PARPay Service 
provides EMV, NFC, Apple® Pay and MSR compliant transaction management linking to international 
acquirers. The PARPay Service is subject to change or may be updated at any time at PAR’s discretion. We will 
notify Participating Location within fifteen (15) days of any changes. The PARPay Service includes point to 
