 
DQT FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26   
43 
your franchise agreement. You are not permitted to make any changes or substitutions of any kind 
in or to the use of the Trademarks unless ADQ directs in writing. 
 
There are currently no effective material determinations by the United States Patent and Trademark 
Office, the Trademark Trial and Appeal Board, or any state trademark administrator or court, nor 
any pending infringement, opposition or cancellation proceeding. There is no pending material 
federal or state court litigation regarding ADQ’s use or ownership rights in the Trademarks. There 
are currently no effective agreements that significantly limit ADQ’s rights to use or license the use 
of the Trademarks in a manner material to the franchise. ADQ does not know of either superior prior 
rights or infringing uses that could materially affect your use of the principal trademarks in the state 
where your franchised business will be located. 
ADQ is not obligated to protect your right to use the Trademarks, or to protect you against 
infringement or unfair competition claims arising out of your use of the Trademarks, or to 
participate in your defense or indemnify you. ADQ has the right to control any litigation related to 
the Trademarks and the right to decide to pursue or settle any infringement actions related to the 
Trademarks. You must notify ADQ promptly of any infringement or unauthorized use of the 
Trademarks of which you become aware and cooperate with any action that ADQ undertakes; 
however, ADQ is not required by the franchise agreement to take affirmative action when notified 
of such uses. If ADQ determines that a claim by a party that its rights to use the Trademarks are 
superior and requires changes or substitutions to the Trademarks, you must immediately make the 
changes or substitutions required by ADQ at your expense. You do not have any rights under the 
franchise agreement if ADQ requires you to modify or discontinue using a trademark. 
Item 14U: UPatents, Copyrights, and Proprietary Information 
There are no patents or copyrights currently registered or pending patent applications that are 
material to the franchise offered, although ADQ claims copyright ownership and protection for the 
franchise agreement and other franchise related agreements, the Operations Manual, and for various 
sales promotional and other materials published. 
There are no current material determinations of the United States Copyright Office, the United States 
Patent and Trademark Office, or a court regarding the patent or copyright, nor any material 
proceeding pending in the United States Patent and Trademark Office or any court. There are 
currently no agreements in effect that limit the use of any patents or copyrights in a manner affecting 
you. ADQ knows of no patent or copyright infringement that could materially affect you. 
ADQ is not obligated to protect you against infringement or unfair competition claims arising out 
of your use of any patents or copyrights, or to participate in your defense or indemnify you. ADQ 
has the right to control any litigation related to any patents and copyrights and the right to decide 
to pursue or settle any infringement actions related to the patents or copyrights. You must notify 
ADQ promptly of any infringement or unauthorized use of the patents and copyrights of which 
you become aware and cooperate with any action that ADQ undertakes; however, ADQ is not 
required by the franchise agreement to take affirmative action when notified of such uses. You do 
not have any rights under the franchise agreement if ADQ requires you to modify or discontinue 
using any subject matter covered by a patent or copyright. 
