 
DQT FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26   
36 
EPOS system, and there are no contractual limitations on the frequency and cost of this 
requirement.  
In addition to the initial costs for the EPOS system, there are required monthly service fees for the 
ParBrink, Olo and Punchh software for the EPOS system and mobile app ranging from $370 to 
$413 a month.  You also must pay Olo a per transaction fee of 0.25% for each order processed by 
Olo.  Help desk and software support costs are included in this monthly fee.  Copies of the 
participation agreements that you must sign with these vendors are included in this disclosure 
document as Exhibit E. 
To enable ADQ’s access to your EPOS system, you must install one DSL or cable/broadband 
internet connection, or other necessary communication access device, that is exclusively 
designated and permanently connected to your EPOS system. There are no contractual limitations 
on ADQ’s right to access the information generated by your EPOS system, although ADQ may 
choose not to poll information from all restaurants and stores. You must have access at all times 
to the internet, and must maintain and regularly use an active email account or other form of 
electronic communication that ADQ designates and keep ADQ informed of your contact 
information. 
You must purchase and maintain a monthly subscription service for credit card processing, which 
includes the TransArmor solution encryption, from ADQ’s designated provider Fiserv (formerly, 
First Data) and you must sign the merchant processing application and agreement included in this 
disclosure document as Exhibit F. The cost for the credit card processing services is approximately 
2% - 5% of the total amount of each sale made using an approved credit card and the cost for the 
TransArmor Solution is $19.95 per month. You must also purchase and pay for Verifone payment 
card data encryption services at a cost of approximately $10 per terminal per month and Verifone 
payment device warranty at a cost of approximately $80 per device for a 3 year warranty. You 
must also purchase and maintain a managed firewall service from ADQ’s designated provider 
Acumera.  The cost for these services is approximately $51 per month. Also, you must comply 
with 
the 
Payment 
Card 
Industry 
(PCI) 
Data 
Security 
Standards: 
https://www.pcisecuritystandards.org/. While you are not required to hire a third party contractor 
to ensure compliance with the PCI Data Security Standards (unless otherwise required to do so by 
your card processor), ADQ recommends you do so and estimates the initial cost of this to be $200 
- $2,000, with an ongoing monthly fee of up to $100. 
You are required to participate in the system-wide gift card program administered by 
ValueLink, LLC and DQGC, and must sign the gift card participation agreement included in this 
disclosure document as Exhibit E. Gift card program fees are allocated based on a shared cost 
model between franchisees and the NMF. Currently, franchises pay fees equaling 3% of total gift 
card redemptions, which ADQ estimates will be about $200 per year per location. NMF covers the 
balance of the gift card program’s costs. In the future, the percentage allocation of costs between 
franchisees and NMF may change. These costs are in addition to any costs incurred by you in 
purchasing gift cards.  
All of the fees referenced in this section are to subject to change from time to time. 
