 
DQT FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26   
25 
• 
Manufacturer attendance at meeting with ADQ’s Research & Development staff to review 
specifications and related procedures 
• 
Compliance with other requirements as may be periodically implemented 
 
ADQ (or a third party product evaluator) may charge the evaluation cost to you or the 
manufacturer. ADQ may also charge the manufacturer for the cost of periodic reviews of existing 
products and manufacturing facilities, and may require the manufacturer to submit products and 
make payments to third-party product or facility evaluators. Fees charged are based on a schedule 
of fees as may be established periodically by ADQ or the third-party evaluator. 
The manufacturer must provide samples (ultimately from a production run), product labels, and 
packaging for the alternate product. ADQ or a third party product evaluator will conduct an 
evaluation of one or more samples to determine if the manufacturer’s product conforms to ADQ’s 
specifications. The evaluation may take from 90 – 180 days or significantly more, depending on 
the complexity of the product, the specifications, the comparison product, and the manufacturing 
process, as well as the manufacturer’s ability to provide samples and any required modifications 
on a timely basis. Before final approval, ADQ may require that a product successfully complete a 
field and distribution test where the product moves through a warehouse and is used in DQ® 
restaurants and stores, which may take an additional 30 – 60 days or more. ADQ will notify you 
and the manufacturer of the approval or rejection of the manufacturer or product. If the 
manufacturer or product is not approved, ADQ or a third party product evaluator will notify you 
and the manufacturer of the basis for the decision. 
The manufacturer will be required to sign an approved products contract with ADQ that may be 
terminated on 90 days’ notice, or that ADQ may terminate sooner if the manufacturer is in violation 
of any of the terms of the contract or if the product is discontinued for use in the DQ® system. 
Supply Chain 
IDQ is involved in the purchasing and distribution business through its wholly-owned subsidiary, 
Unified Supply Chain, Inc. (“USCI”). In 2004, IDQ made the commitment to reduce its average 
margins over an eleven year period, culminating with a maximum average margin (as defined 
below) of 2.5%. In 2015, IDQ made an additional commitment that in 2016 it would permanently 
eliminate supply chain margin service fees received from manufacturers and distributors of 
equipment and smallwares, and that it would further reduce its maximum average supply chain 
margin to 1.5% by 2025. The 2004 and 2015 commitments are together referred to as the “margin 
commitment.” This margin commitment refers to amounts received after deducting costs 
associated with developing and supplying products (such as tooling depreciation and rentals), 
technology tools, obsolete inventory and expedited freight. IDQ/ADQ made this margin 
commitment on a permanent basis to benefit all existing and future franchisees. Under the margin 
commitment, USCI has received margins between 0% and 8.5%, and under the new commitment 
the margins will be between 0% and 6.5%. For 2025, the maximum average margin is 1.5%. In 
addition, IDQ/ADQ made a commitment that should IDQ ever divest USCI, the buyer will be 
