4225 DQT Oper Agmt - 03/25 
1 
DQ® TREAT OPERATING AGREEMENT 
 
This agreement is between American Dairy Queen Corporation, a Delaware corporation 
whose principal office is located at 8000 Tower, Suite 700, 8331 Norman Center Drive, 
Bloomington, MN 55437 (“Company”), and the Licensee listed on the cover page to this 
agreement, and is effective as stated in section 15.15. 
 
Background 
 
• 
Company and its predecessors and affiliates have expended considerable time, effort, 
skill and financial resources in developing the System (defined in section 16). 
 
• 
Company owns, or licenses from its affiliates, the Trademarks (defined in section 16) 
used in connection with the System. 
 
• 
Licensee desires to obtain the right to develop and operate one DQ® Treat restaurant 
using the System. 
 
Therefore, the parties agree as follows: 
 
Terms and Conditions 
1. 
CAPITALIZED TERMS. Capitalized terms have the definitions given them in 
section 16. 
2. 
GRANT OF LICENSE. 
2.1 
Authorized Location. Subject to the terms and conditions of this agreement, 
Company grants to Licensee the right and license to establish and operate the 
Restaurant identified by the Trademarks. Licensee accepts this license and will 
operate the Restaurant in compliance with the System and this agreement. 
2.2 
Pre-opening Requirements. Licensee must use Company’s pre-opening 
assistance, including in-restaurant training and Restaurant opening schedules 
and procedures, demonstrate that Licensee satisfies Company’s dry-run training 
requirement, and meet other pre-opening requirements specified by Company. 
Licensee may not open or commence operation of the Restaurant until Company 
notifies Licensee that all pre-opening requirements have been met. Company is 
not liable for any damages arising out of Licensee’s failure to open the 
Restaurant by a particular date. 
2.3 
Limited License. The license granted by this agreement is limited to the right 
to operate one Restaurant at the Authorized Location, and does not include: 
(A) 
An exclusive area or protected territory within which Company or its 
affiliates agree not to issue competing franchises or operate competing 
businesses; 
