DQ Participation Agreement 
 
 
 
31 
 
 
 
 
 
02/05/25 
 
Severity 
of Issue 
Description 
Response Time 
Resolution 
Time 
Communication 
Cadence Times 
business day, during 
business hours. 
After 
Hours 
support 
8pm to 6 
am 
Mountain 
Time 
All P1 after hours support requests 
dispatched to Level 1 PAR Help Desk 
team 
 
All P2 and P3 after hours support 
requests, dispatched to Level 1 PAR 
Help Desk team for next business day 
90% responded to 
within 30 minutes of 
receipt of call by 
PAR’s Help Desk. 
------------------------- 
Response within 120 
minutes of business 
start at 6am Mountain 
Time 
Same as above 
Same as above 
 
If a P1 call is placed to the Help Desk prior to 3 PM eastern time (Monday through Friday) or prior to 10 
AM eastern time (Saturday), the progress of the Resolution Time will be closely tracked by the Help Desk 
with an awareness of the deadline to ship out replacement Equipment in accordance with Advance 
Exchange Services to ensure that if the issue is an Equipment issue and it cannot be resolved by the Help 
Desk, replacement Equipment can be delivered for next day arrival. 
 
4. PARTICIPATING LOCATION RESPONSIBILITIES. Participating Location agrees to: 
o Designate a knowledgeable resource to accurately communicate and collaborate with the 
Help Desk. 
o Perform regularly scheduled system and database backups and ensure that they are available 
when required. 
o Maintain a working phone line or broadband connection and remote connection method that 
allows for remote diagnosis of the PAR Solution. 
o Maintain and manage adequate firewall and virus protection. 
o Maintain access to all required software, including operating system installation media, PAR 
application software and applicable service pack, system specific driver files and any 
applicable license or key codes. 
o Assist with the resolution of all system related problems. Participating Locations can expect 
to be required to dedicate some time to assist PAR in resolving problems. 
o Be prepared to provide all information needed including error codes, process or procedures 
leading up to the error and any other information that may be relevant and might help to 
expedite the resolution. 
 
5. EXCLUSIONS FROM COVERAGE. The following items are excluded from the Help Desk 
Support Services: 
o In-depth training that requires more than 15 minutes of time. 
o Assistance with configuration, installation or addition of new hardware or peripherals, 
where the operation requires a certified PAR installation or professional services 
specialist, unless such assistance is in support of AE Equipment provided under the 
Advance Exchange Service pursuant to the Equipment Terms and Conditions of Sale. 
o Resolution of problems related to third party applications or equipment not sold by PAR. 
o Issues related to the installation, administration and use of technologies that may be 
connected to the PAR Solution but were not certified as PAR supported products. 
