5. This Agreement begins when fully executed by both Customer and Vendor, and continues 
for a period of five (5) years, unless earlier termination of this Agreement or the 
expiration or termination of the MSA. Customer may terminate this Agreement for 
convenience, upon thirty (30) days written notice to CDM. In the event Customer 
terminates this Agreement for convenience, CDM will refund, on a pro-rated basis, any 
fees previously paid for services that have not been delivered as of the date of termination 
of this Participation Agreement. In the event of termination by Customer, Customer shall 
reimburse Vendor for any warranties that were paid in advance on behalf of Customer on  
a pro-rated basis from the amount paid by Customer prior to the date of termination (this 
amount will be provided by Vendor to Customer when notice of termination is given to 
Vendor). 
 
6.  Vendor will use all commercially reasonable efforts to make the Subscription Services 
available 24/7/365, except for (a) planned maintenance; (b) any unavailability caused by 
circumstances described in Section 8 below; or (c) any unavailability caused by any 
failure on the part of ADQ, Customer or any other person (other than Vendor and its 
contractors). Customer shall make all requests for support or assistance to the Help Desk.  
 
7. In order for Vendor to perform its Help Desk Services in an effective and efficient 
manner, and to help ensure minimal incidents with the Equipment and Digital Signage 
Network, Customer is responsible for the following at the Participating Site: 
 
a) Following the installation of any Equipment, ensuring the proper and ongoing 
operation of the Equipment on a 24/7 basis, including ensuring Equipment is 
properly plugged into an appropriate surge protector and power source and that 
the power is turned on, and ensuring that each Media Player and Display, where 
applicable, is connected to the Internet and the Media Players are connected to the 
Display at all times, as well as paying all third party costs associated with such 
power and connectivity. 
 
b) Ensuring and/or verifying at the request of a Help Desk service representative that 
the hardware/appliance components of the equipment interfacing with or 
connecting to the Subscription Services are turned on and have a functioning 
power source in a timely manner. 
 
c) Ensuring and/or verifying that all Customer-provided Internet services at the 
Participating Location are fully functional, and if not, engaging its Internet 
Service Provider to resolve the issue. 
 
d) Power cycling any of the DMB Program equipment upon request by Vendor’s 
Help Desk.  
 
e) Co-operating with Vendor or its representatives, including Level 1 Help Desk 
service representatives, on a timely basis to help ensure that the Subscription 
Services, Equipment and Digital Signage Network are functioning to the best of 
