4225 DQT Oper Agmt - 03/25 
11 
in the highest classification or receives any notice that it is not in compliance 
with all applicable health and sanitary standards, it must immediately notify 
Company of the failure or noncompliance and resolve all non-compliant issues. 
6.8 
Evaluations. Company or its authorized representative may enter the 
Restaurant at any time during the business day to: 
(A) 
Make periodic evaluations and to ascertain compliance with this 
agreement; 
(B) 
Inspect and evaluate Licensee’s Restaurant, building, land and equipment; 
(C) 
Test, sample, inspect, and evaluate Licensee’s supplies, ingredients and 
products, and the storage, preparation, and formulation of these items; 
and 
(D) 
Inspect and evaluate the conditions of sanitation and cleanliness in the 
storage, production, handling, and serving of Licensee’s supplies, 
ingredients, and products. 
6.9 
Period of Operation. 
(A) 
Open to the Public. Subject to any contrary requirements of local law, 
the Restaurant must be open to the public and operated at least 12 hours 
each day of the year, with the exception of New Year’s Day, Easter Day, 
Thanksgiving Day, and Christmas Day. Any variance must be authorized 
in writing by Company. However, if the Restaurant is in a Captive-venue 
Location that sets operating hours, then Restaurant must only be open 
during the required operating hours of that Captive-venue Location. 
(B) 
Voluntary Abandonment. If Licensee voluntarily abandons the 
franchise, in addition to the other remedies provided for in this agreement, 
Company may terminate this agreement under section 13.2(C). The 
following events constitute voluntary abandonment: 
(1) 
The Restaurant is closed for 5 consecutive days or more without 
Company’s prior written consent. 
(2) 
Failure to commence construction of the Restaurant within 180 
days after the Effective Date. If Company terminates the agreement 
under this subparagraph, then all deposits, including the initial 
franchise fee, will be returned to Licensee minus the greater of a 
$5,000 cancellation fee or Company’s actual expenses incurred in 
connection with processing Licensee’s application and providing 
services for Licensee’s benefit. 
(3) 
Failure to open and operate the Restaurant within 270 days after 
the Effective Date, unless an extension of time is authorized in 
writing by Company. 
