4225 DQT Oper Agmt - 03/25 
18 
operation and paid as described in section 9.7 to Company within 10 days 
after the end of the month. Licensee must certify the computation in the 
manner and form specified by Company, and Licensee must supply to 
Company supporting or supplementary materials as Company reasonably 
requires to verify the accuracy of Licensee’s remittances. 
(B) 
Licensee waives all existing and future claims to offset against amounts 
due under this agreement, which amounts must be paid when due. 
Company may apply or cause to be applied against amounts due to 
Company (or any of its affiliates) amounts which are held by Company or 
its affiliates on Licensee’s behalf or owed to Licensee by Company or its 
affiliates. 
9.5 
Weekly Payment. If Licensee fails to timely make any payment or timely 
submit any monthly report due to Company, then Company may require 
Licensee to pay continuing license and sales promotion program fees on a 
weekly basis. If Company requires weekly payment, then: 
(A) 
Company will establish a reasonable estimate of the amount of 
continuing license and sales promotion program fees that Licensee must 
pay to Company each month. Based on this estimate, Company will 
establish the amount that Licensee must pay to Company each week. 
(B) 
Company will credit all payment amounts it receives from Licensee 
against the continuing license and sales promotion program fees due from 
Licensee to Company at the end of each month’s operations.  
(C) 
Company will submit to Licensee a monthly reconciliation of Licensee’s 
continuing license and sales promotion program fees account showing the 
credits to Licensee’s account from amounts collected by Company through 
the weekly payments. If Licensee fails to submit reports under section 9.9, 
then Company may make the reconciliation in conformance with 
Company’s determination as to amounts due. Unless Licensee provides 
evidence in a form satisfactory to Company of the correct amounts due 
within 14 days after Company provides notice to Licensee, then Company’s 
reconciliation will be conclusive as to the amounts due to Company from 
Licensee. Licensee must pay any amounts due immediately at the end of 
the 14 days. If Company determines that Licensee has overpaid continuing 
license or sales promotion program fees, Company will remit to or credit 
Licensee an amount equal to the excess fees collected at the time the 
reconciliation is provided to Licensee. 
(D) 
Company will collect, via the method described in section 9.7, all weekly 
payments and any amounts due to Company after Company’s 
reconciliation. 
(E) 
Company may periodically revise the amount that Licensee is required 
to pay to Company each week if Company determines that the amount is 
