 
3/2025 
 
9 
 
14. 
Street--Right-of-way lines and proposed future dedications. Public roadways or right-of-
ways adjacent to the surveyed property. Street median or other left turn barriers. Note 
ownership, jurisdiction, name and identification number of streets and highways. 
 
15. 
Off-Site Improvements--Provide design standards for curb cuts, driveway approaches, new 
curb and gutters, sidewalks, curb and gutter elevations. 
 
16. 
Show all monuments, stakes, or marks found or placed and note which were found and 
which were placed. Interior parcel lines must clearly indicate contiguity, gores and/or 
overlaps. 
 
17. 
Show the locations, dimensions and type of all buildings on the surveyed property. Show 
their location by the shortest dimension of the exterior boundaries and their relationship to 
any known setback lines. 
 
18. 
As a result of having viewed the property with reasonable diligence, show any physical 
evidence of possible easements such as roads, rights-of-way, railroads, drains, telephone, 
television cable service, telegraph or electric lines, water, sewer, oil or gas pipelines, 
driveways, billboards, etc. if they are on or run across the surveyed property and appear to 
serve the public or adjoining property owners. If there are any surface indications of 
underground easements such as manholes, pipeline markers, sewer or drain outlets, 
disturbed earth, etc. on (or near, if pertinent) the surveyed property, show them. 
 
19. 
Show the existence of any lakes, ditches, streams, drainage basins or rivers running through 
or bordering on the premises being surveyed. 
 
20. 
All field measurements must be balanced both as to angles and distances so as to provide a 
mathematical closure. Show the basis of bearings, assumed or otherwise. The plat of survey 
shall show the following information for any curve:  length of arc, radius, central angle and 
bearing to the radius point from the beginning and end points of the curve. 
 
21. 
Each survey shall be dated as to month, day and year on which property was surveyed. 
 
22. 
Each survey shall be signed and sealed by the registered surveyor by whom, or under whose 
direction, such survey was made. 
 
 
