4225 DQT Oper Agmt - 03/25 
27 
proposed transferee. Any information furnished by Company to proposed 
transferees is for the sole purpose of permitting the transferees to 
evaluate the Restaurant and proposed transfer and will not be construed 
in any manner or form whatsoever as financial performance 
representations or claims of success or failure. 
(L) 
Then Current Operating Agreement. Transferee must sign 
Company’s then current operating agreement, which may have 
materially different terms and conditions, including higher or additional 
fees. 
(M) 
Facility Items and Modernization. Licensee must complete the 
repairs, maintenance, and other similar items at the Restaurant that 
Company specifies in writing. In addition, if Licensee has not completed a 
modernization under section 5.5 in the past 10 years, then Licensee must 
complete the modernization prior to the effective date of the transfer. If 
Licensee has completed a modernization under section 5.5 in the past 10 
years, then transferee will be required to complete the next modernization 
by the date Licensee would have been required to modernize under this 
agreement. 
(N) 
Transfer Agreement. Licensee (and each Owner) must sign an 
agreement, in form satisfactory to Company, in which Licensee and each 
Owner covenant to observe the post-termination covenant not to 
compete and all other applicable post-termination obligations described 
in this agreement. 
(O) 
Other Conditions. Company may expand upon, and provide more 
details related to, the conditions for transfer and our consent as 
described in this Section 11.3, and may do so in the Operations Manual 
or otherwise in writing.  Licensee and each transferee must comply with 
any other conditions that Company reasonably requires periodically as 
part of its transfer procedures. 
11.4 Consent Not Unreasonably Withheld. As long as Licensee and transferee 
meet Company’s applicable requirements for a transfer, Company will not 
unreasonably withhold consent for the transfer. 
11.5 Transfer Void. Any attempted transfer by Licensee without Company’s prior 
written consent or otherwise not in compliance with the terms of this 
agreement is void and gives Company the right at its option to either default 
and terminate this agreement, or to consent to the transfer and collect from 
Licensee and the guarantors a transfer fee equal to two times the transfer fee 
provided for in section 11.3(E)(1). 
11.6 Transfer by Company. Company can transfer, in whole or in part, its 
interest in this agreement without Licensee’s consent. Following the effective 
date of any assignment, Licensee will look solely to the transferee or assignee, 
