 
DQT FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26   
26 
obligated to honor the margin commitment, unless the buyer, as a franchisee cooperative, chooses 
to establish a different margin structure supported by a majority of its members. 
“Margin,” for purposes of this Item, means the management service fee payments that USCI 
receives from vendors based on the warehouse landed cost of products within the scope of the 
margin commitment, in place of the margin that IDQ/USCI historically realized when IDQ/USCI 
was in the buy-sell (inventory ownership) position with respect to products used in the operations 
of DQ® restaurants and stores. 
The scope of what is included in the margin commitment is food, paper, packaging, ready to 
decorate cakes, and other products managed through the USCI authorized warehouse system in 
the U.S., but does not include IDQ supply products, uniforms, and items not used in the operation 
of a restaurant. Manufactured frozen novelties have been excluded from the scope, and instead are 
under a separate margin schedule. In 2025, service fee payments relating to manufactured novelties 
will not exceed an average margin of 1.5%. National payments from vendors for marketing will 
flow through NMF and are not in the scope of the margin commitment. 
USCI manages all of the components of the supply chain process, but is no longer in the purchase 
order process between distributors and vendors related to most purchases in the U.S. distribution 
system. ADQ, USCI or its affiliates negotiate purchase and sale arrangements (including price 
terms) with suppliers and distributors that benefit the DQ® system, which may include national 
account programs for products and services. However, ADQ and its affiliates do not negotiate on 
behalf of individual franchisees. 
USCI obtains commitments from strategically located, independently owned warehouses to carry 
approved products, and to make them available to DQ® restaurants and stores within a particular 
area. USCI may require its authorized warehouses to carry a full line of products sourced by USCI, 
and may require that the warehouses sell to DQ® franchisees only those products that are sourced 
by USCI. Some products sourced and managed in the supply chain by USCI are the only approved 
products of their type because of a lack of franchisee requests for approval of an alternate supplier, 
the lack of incentives for others to engage in the supply or distribution of the product, or for other 
similar reasons. 
An independent accounting firm annually reviews certain performance measures of USCI and 
USCI shares this information with its advisory council made up of elected or appointed 
franchisees, the Supply Chain Advisory Council (“SCAC”), which is further described in Item 20. 
The SCAC is given access to financial information of USCI to allow them to give valuable input 
to the management of USCI.  
 
ADQ or its affiliates may sell advertising and sales promotion materials, and other food and non-
food products used in the franchised business to franchisees, to authorized warehouses, or 
otherwise for use in the DQ® system.  
There are one or more purchasing or distribution cooperatives in the DQ® system that may be 
involved in the distribution of certain products used in the franchised business. 
