4225 DQT Oper Agmt - 03/25 
20 
(3) 
Gross Sales and the computation of the continuing license fee, sales 
promotion program fee, and any other applicable fees listed in 
section 9; 
(4) 
Total volume of mix, weight of meat and other commodities that 
Company may designate, and the sources from which obtained; and 
(5) 
Other information about the Restaurant requested by Company. 
(B) 
Profit and Loss Statement. Licensee must submit to Company a 
monthly profit and loss statement for the Restaurant, in a format 
designated by Company (which will include items such as a summary of 
cost of goods, utilities, labor, rent, and other material cost items), by the 
20th day of the following month. 
(C) 
Sales Tax and Other Information. If requested by Company to verify 
Licensee’s Gross Sales, Licensee must submit copies of its most recent 
sales tax return and all Business Records required by Company under 
Company’s then-current audit policies. 
(D) 
Right to Use Information. Licensee must allow Company electronic and 
manual access to all Business Records and Licensee hereby consents to 
Company’s use in any manner permitted by law, of the Business Records 
and other information relating to the Restaurant that Licensee submits to 
Company, or that Company obtains through review of Licensee’s Business 
Records or by accessing Licensee’s EPOS System or Computer Systems. 
Company may share this information with third parties, including 
consultants, and existing and potential franchisees. 
9.9 
Financial Books and Records. Licensee must employ sound financial 
management and planning practices in connection with the Restaurant, and keep 
accurate Business Records in an electronic format using a methodology approved 
by Company. 
(A) 
Licensee must keep its Business Records, and the information, data and 
statistics that are the basis for the Business Records, for at least 5 full 
calendar years from the date of preparation or any longer period 
required by applicable law. 
(B) 
Business Records must be compiled, kept and submitted to Company on 
the forms, in the manner (electronically or another format), and using the 
methods of bookkeeping and accounting that Company periodically 
prescribes. Licensee must provide this information to Company according 
to reporting formats, methodologies and time schedules periodically 
established by Company. Upon Company’s request, Licensee must submit 
tax returns relating to the Restaurant to Company. 
9.10 Audit. 
