4225 DQT Oper Agmt - 03/25 
33 
provides written notice to Company. The termination will be effective 60 days 
after Licensee provides written notice of the breach to Company. Licensee’s 
termination of this agreement under this section 13.3 does not release or modify 
Licensee’s post-term obligations under section 14. 
14. 
POST-TERM OBLIGATIONS. Upon the expiration or termination of this agreement: 
14.1 Reversion of Rights. All rights of Licensee to use the Trademarks, all other 
rights and licenses granted under this agreement, and the right and license to 
conduct business under the Trademarks at the Authorized Location revert to 
Company without further act or deed of any party. All right, title and interest of 
Licensee in, to and under this agreement and any operational goodwill become 
the property of Company. 
14.2 Stop Using Trademarks.  
(A) 
Licensee must immediately stop using and displaying the Trademarks and 
any point-of-sale materials and other sales promotion and advertising 
materials furnished, made available or approved by Company, and must 
stop using Company’s Confidential Information (including the Operations 
Manual). Licensee must immediately return to Company all copies of the 
Operations Manual and any other Confidential Information in Licensee’s 
possession or control, or previously disseminated to Licensee’s employees. 
(B) 
Subject to section 14.5, Licensee must, within 20 days, at Licensee’s 
expense, remove or obliterate all Restaurant signage, displays, photos and 
other materials in Licensee’s possession at the Authorized Location or 
elsewhere that bear any of the Trademarks or names or material 
confusingly similar to the Trademarks. Licensee must also, within 20 days, 
alter the appearance of the Restaurant, including removal or substantial 
modification of any trade dress, so as to differentiate the Restaurant 
unmistakably from duly licensed restaurants and stores identified by the 
Trademarks.  
(C) 
If Licensee does not comply with section 14.2(B) within 20 days, Company 
may enter the Authorized Location and remove all Restaurant signage, 
displays, photos or any other materials in Licensee’s possession at the 
Authorized Location or elsewhere that bear any of the Trademarks or 
names or material confusingly similar to the Trademarks, and Licensee 
must reimburse Company for Company’s costs incurred in connection with 
this removal. 
(D) 
If, despite not being permitted to do so, Licensee owns or controls any 
domain name registrations in connection with the Restaurant or that 
include any of the Trademarks, Licensee agrees to promptly transfer 
ownership of such domain names to Company and execute any 
documents the domain name registry requires in connection with the 
transfer of these domain name registrations to Company. 
