4225 DQT Oper Agmt - 03/25 
9 
(C) 
Company has the right to approve the manufacturer, supplier and/or 
distributor of any approved products (or the ingredients of any approved 
products), approved services and any approved equipment. Under all 
circumstances, Company has the right to designate a single approved 
manufacturer, supplier and/or distributor of: 
(1) 
Soft drink products; 
(2) 
Third party branded products for use in Licensee’s Restaurant; 
(3) 
Products relating to limited time offers and special promotions; 
(4) 
Equipment, including the EPOS System and Computer Systems, 
and all related software and back-office hardware and software; 
(5) 
Any product, ingredient, service or equipment where Company 
does not receive any fee or payment with respect to the sale of 
that product, ingredient, service or equipment, other than 
payments from vendors for marketing; and 
(6) 
The Powders and frozen orange juice concentrate. 
(D) 
Company has the right to designate a single approved manufacturer, 
supplier and/or distributor of any other approved products (or the 
ingredients of any approved products), approved services and any 
approved equipment but for products, services, and equipment not 
described in sections 6.4(C) (1) - (6), as long as there is not in place an 
agreement for a unified purchasing program between Company and a 
cooperative association of DQ® restaurant and store operators to benefit 
the entire Franchise System in the United States, Licensee may make 
written request for approval of a specific product, service, or piece of 
equipment of an additional, qualified manufacturer, supplier or alternate 
distributor, pursuant to Company’s then current policies and procedures.  
6.5 
EPOS System, Computer Systems, and Internet. 
(A) 
EPOS System and Computer Systems. Licensee must purchase, 
install and maintain at its own expense an EPOS System and the 
Computer Systems at the Restaurant. Licensee must purchase the EPOS 
System and Computer Systems from a source or sources designated by 
Company. Company may designate a single source from whom Licensee 
must purchase the EPOS System or Computer Systems, and any 
components thereof or associated service. As part of the EPOS System or 
Computer Systems, Licensee may be required to license software from 
Company, an affiliate or a third party, and Licensee also may be required 
to pay a software licensing or user fee and support fee in connection with 
Licensee’s use of the EPOS System or Computer Systems. Licensee may 
periodically be required to enter into license agreements related to 
Licensee’s use of components of the EPOS System or Computer Systems. 
