4225 DQT Oper Agmt - 03/25 
7 
(D) 
After construction commences, the new Restaurant must be open and 
operating within 90 days if a Captive-venue Location, or 120 days if a 
Street Location. 
(E) 
The new Restaurant must be constructed and equipped in accordance 
with Company’s then current standards and specifications. 
5.5 
Modernization or Replacement. Licensee must modernize, refurbish or 
replace the building, premises, equipment, signage and grounds as is necessary 
to reasonably conform them to Company’s then current standards for similarly 
situated new restaurants of the type developed under this agreement, upon 
renewal of this agreement, upon transfer of this agreement under the 
circumstances described in section 11, and every 10 years or any shorter period 
required by the lease for the premises. The requirements of this section 5.5 are 
reasonable and necessary to ensure continued public acceptance and patronage of 
DQ® restaurants and to avoid deterioration or obsolescence in connection with 
the operation of the business. 
5.6 
Lease.  
(A) 
To the extent that Company assists Licensee with any lease negotiations, 
Licensee acknowledges that Company or an affiliate: 
(1) 
has not made any representations or warranties to Licensee with 
respect to whether Company’s or its affiliate’s negotiation with the 
landlord will be successful, whether the lease terms or site are 
adequate or appropriate, nor that the Authorized Location will be 
ready for occupancy or opening by any specified date; and 
(2) 
neither Company nor an affiliate are responsible or liable to 
Licensee for damages arising out of any failure by Company or its 
affiliate to obtain the landlord’s agreement to enter into a lease, the 
landlord’s failure to enter into a lease with Licensee, or for the 
failure of the Authorized Location to be ready for occupancy or 
opening by any specified date. 
(B) 
If Licensee has signed a sublease for the Restaurant premises and 
Company or its affiliate and the landlord are unable to agree to a prime 
lease, Company may declare this agreement null and void, and all 
deposits, including the initial franchise fee, will be returned to Licensee 
minus the greater of a $2,500 cancellation fee or Company’s actual 
expenses incurred in connection with processing Licensee’s application 
and providing services for Licensee’s benefit. 
6. 
PRODUCTS AND OPERATIONS STANDARDS AND REQUIREMENTS. 
6.1 
Menu. The Restaurant is limited to the preparation and sale of products 
periodically designated and approved by Company. Licensee must offer for sale 
from the Restaurant all items listed on the Menu and no other items. To the 
