 
DQT FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26   
31 
6. Establish, organize and prescribe advertising and sales promotion activities (franchise 
agreement section 8.1). 
Advertising and Marketing 
ADQ establishes and conducts sales promotion activities generally for the promotion of the DQ® 
system, brand and products. It also establishes and conducts sales promotion activities primarily 
for the promotion of the Orange Julius® system, brand and products. ADQ establishes sales 
promotion activities for the promotion of DQ® Treat stores, and for the promotion of Orange 
Julius® products, all of which may be entirely different from the activities relating to other DQ® 
restaurants and stores. ADQ  does not have any fiduciary obligations to franchisees with respect 
to the funds, nor  any obligation to spend any amount on sales promotion in the area or territory 
where you are located, for a particular component or type of DQ® business or for any individual 
restaurant or store. ADQ has the sole right to determine how the sales promotion program fees will 
be spent, and the sales promotion program fees are not held by ADQ in trust.  
Fees 
ADQ’s sales promotion activities are funded by the sales promotion program fees you and other 
DQ® franchisees must pay. Depending on your sales promotion program fee rate, all or a portion 
of the sales promotion program fees you pay may go to the national marketing fund (“NMF”), and 
a portion may go to regional or designated [TV] market area (“DMA”) level sales promotion 
activities, “pooled” accounts for the benefit of a certain type of DQ® restaurant or store, or toward 
activities at an individual store level. ADQ has the right to establish and periodically change how 
the sales promotion program fees are allocated and spent without notice to you. 
You must pay a sales promotion program fee up to 6% of Gross Sales on Orange Julius® branded 
products and 5% - 6% of Gross Sales on all other products, except as otherwise stated below. At 
the time of this disclosure document, the sales promotion program fee for Orange Julius® branded 
products is at 5% for Street locations and 1.25% for Captive-venue locations. ADQ has the right 
to increase the sales promotion program fee to an amount within the applicable range upon 90 
days’ notice. If you relocate a store under ADQ’s relocation policy, you will be permitted to phase 
in to the fee structure of the new franchise agreement you sign, using the formula described in 
Item 6. If you are a conversion franchisee, you must pay a sales promotion program fee as set forth 
in the applicable conversion addendum in Exhibit C. 
Company-operated restaurants will pay a sales promotion program fee on the same basis as similar 
franchisees for the DMA in which those restaurants are located, as described in Item 6. Other 
franchisees pay greater, lesser or no sales promotion program fees. 
ADQ receives a portion of the sales promotion program fee payments made by franchisees to 
compensate ADQ for the sales promotion, marketing and administrative services that ADQ 
provides (the “management fee”). Currently, the management fee is computed as 7% of sales 
promotion program fee payments received. ADQ does not take a management fee on sales 
promotion program fees above 3% of gross sales. For those franchisees that pay sales promotion 
program fees to territory operators, the territory operators remit all or some of those fees to ADQ 
and territory operators may retain a portion of the management fee, depending on the arrangement 
