 
DQT FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26   
20 
$0-$250/person for the MTRA (the MTRA is generally available at locations reasonably close to 
prospective franchisees), $0-$400/person for a SERVSAFE course, and $2,600 - $8,000/person for 
all phases of ADQ’s training program.   
(6) 
The estimates include site work, buildout, mechanical and other related fees, but does not include 
land costs. A Captive-venue location will have approximately 600-1,400 square feet and will 
ordinarily be a leased space within a larger structure. A Street location will have approximately 1,000-
1,800 square feet and will ordinarily be owned. The initial investment for leasehold improvements 
will vary depending upon local labor costs, anticipated traffic through the store, and whether the 
building is a completed structure immediately adaptable to installation of necessary fixtures and 
equipment or whether it is a location where construction is in progress. These variables affect how 
obligations will be distributed between landlord and tenant under different lease agreements and the 
costs of acquisition and construction. ADQ must approve the leasehold improvements prior to 
construction, including the graphics and signage for the store front. 
In the rare event that ADQ or one of its affiliates agrees to sign a prime lease for the premises and 
sublease the premises to you, ADQ or its affiliate will charge you the cost of the prime lease, all 
deposits required by the landlord, a lease administration fee and any lease costs to buy out a previous 
lessee of the location. You must pay all leasehold improvement and equipment costs. See Item 10. 
If you purchase land and building for a Street location, the land costs will generally vary from 
$250,000 to $620,000 or more. ADQ does not typically provide the necessary land or building for 
Street locations and your budget must allow for the initial cash outlays and long term investment 
obligations necessary to acquire the land and building. The total cost of the real property for a Street 
location will vary depending on many variables including restaurant location and lot size; building 
size; site improvement costs; soil and environmental conditions; federal, state and local building 
codes and fees; health department requirements; local labor, materials and interest costs; union 
labor requirements; inflation and other factors. Down payment requirements and initial financing 
or commitment expenses are negotiated individually and vary too widely to realistically predict. 
(7) 
You usually will be required to pay one month base rent as a security deposit to the landlord and may 
be required to pay an additional security deposit under a sublease. ADQ estimates base rent for 750 
square feet will be $3,500 to $7,000 or more per month, plus approximately 8% to 12% of gross sales 
in excess of a specified amount to which base rent is credited; actual rent will vary based on store 
size, geographic location, costs assumed by the landlord and other economic factors. Leases also 
usually impose an obligation toward common area maintenance costs, insurance charges, real estate 
taxes and special assessments, HVAC charges, utility charges, water and sewer charges, security 
charges, trash removal charges, mall charges, promotional and marketing charges, food court charges 
and improvements, and charges for membership in a merchants association. 
(8) 
ADQ requires that it consult with and assist you on all preopening construction and equipment 
installation for the franchised premises, and that you sign the construction consultation services 
agreement included in this disclosure document as Exhibit G. ADQ will not provide this service if 
you do not retain the services of a general contractor licensed to work in the city and state in which 
the project is located. ADQ will not charge the construction consultation services fee if you pay the 
full initial franchise fee, but you must pay this fee if you pay a reduced or no initial franchise fee 
(for example, as a conversion franchisee or if you relocate your store under the relocation policy). 
You are responsible for any additional costs due to delays or complications beyond ADQ’s control, 
and for any deviations or escalations in any leasehold improvements or construction costs, 
including any additional costs to comply with all federal, state, or local requirements. 
