 
DQT FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26   
22 
include hourly labor or food costs beyond the opening inventory costs listed. Your costs will depend 
on factors such as adherence to ADQ’s systems and procedures, management skills and experience, 
business acumen, local economic conditions, the local market for DQ® products, competition, 
employee compensation, the number of employees, and the sales level reached during the initial 
period. 
(15) 
This total is an estimate of your initial investment for a single store and is based on ADQ’s estimate 
of nationwide average costs, market conditions prevailing as of the date of this disclosure 
document, and ADQ’s and its predecessors’ experience in the business since 1940. You should 
review this amount carefully with a business advisor before making any decision to enter into a 
franchise agreement. For determining your initial cash position, you should anticipate that local 
lending institutions ordinarily require a 20% equity position on all leasehold improvements and 
possibly 25% on all equipment.  
ADQ cautions you to allow for inflation, discretionary expenditures, fluctuating interest rates and 
other costs of financing, and local market conditions, which can be highly variable and can result 
in substantial, rapid and unpredictable increases in costs. You must bear any deviation or escalation 
in costs from the estimates in this Item or estimates that ADQ gives during any phase of the 
development process. 
(16) 
If you are a conversion franchisee or a franchisee converting an existing facility that was a different 
restaurant brand, you may not incur all of the expenses listed in this Item 7. Conversion costs may 
vary significantly, depending on the type (i.e., Captive-venue or Street location) and condition of 
the facility, the prior use of the building, and other costs that might be incurred to rectify deferred 
maintenance issues and/or to make other facility upgrades that are not directly related to the 
conversion but that are completed at the same time. 
UItem 8U: URestrictions on Sources of Products and Services 
Required Purchases 
You must maintain and comply with ADQ’s quality standards to protect the uniform image and 
quality of products and services throughout the DQ® system.  
While you are not required to purchase or lease real estate from ADQ or its affiliates, you must 
obtain ADQ’s consent to the location of your store, and ADQ has the right but not the obligation 
to approve the lease for the store premises prior to execution. You must construct and equip your 
store according to the then-current design, specifications and standards and must ensure that your 
building plans comply with the Americans With Disabilities Act and all other federal, state and 
local laws.  
You must modernize your building, premises, equipment, signage and grounds to conform to 
ADQ’s then-current standards for similarly situated new DQ® restaurants when you renew your 
franchise, on transfer of the franchise under certain circumstances, and every 10 years or any 
shorter period required by any applicable lease or sublease for the premises. 
You may only use or purchase products approved by ADQ that meet ADQ’s specifications. For 
purposes of this Item 8, “products” includes products, services, ingredients, supplies, signage, 
fixtures, furnishings, advertising and sales promotion materials, and equipment (including 
hardware and software for a computerized electronic point-of-sale (“EPOS”) system or other 
