 
DQT FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26   
21 
(9) 
ADQ will provide you with design criteria information to assist you, your architects and engineers 
in preparing building plans. In the rare event that ADQ or one of its affiliates is the prime lessee of 
your store premises, you must purchase design intent plans designated by ADQ (see Item 5). If you 
develop a freestanding Street location, you may be required to purchase ADQ’s prototypical design 
intent plans for Street locations if they are available, for a fee of $3,000 (which is included in your 
initial franchise fee for new and ARD locations). These plans are valid for 6 months from the date 
of issuance.  In either case, you must sign the design services agreement included in this disclosure 
document as Exhibit F, and will need to hire an architect to prepare building plans for your store. 
Your architect must conform any design intent plans or design criteria information that ADQ 
provides (which are designed to meet Minnesota Building Code) to local, state and federal laws 
and building code requirements, including the Americans With Disabilities Act.  
The building plans must be full architectural, mechanical, electrical, plumbing and food service 
drawings showing equipment layout, manufacturer and model numbers and bearing the seal of a 
registered architect in the state where your store will be located; building plans for a Street location 
must also include full structural, and final site and grading plan. You must submit your store 
building plans for ADQ’s approval before you begin construction, and your architect must obtain 
any local building plan approval. ADQ must approve in writing any proposed alterations to design 
intent plans, design criteria information or previously approved building plans. Further, if your 
local architect makes any revisions to ADQ’s design intent plans or design criteria information, 
those revisions become the property of ADQ and its affiliates, and ADQ and its affiliates have the 
right to use those plans in any manner in the future. 
(10) 
Your investment in equipment and fixtures is highly variable for your store. The investment 
depends to a great extent on the size of the building or space and whether you are in a Captive-
venue or Street location. The investment also depends on the size and location of your store, the 
anticipated traffic through the store, local labor costs, current prices charged by equipment 
suppliers, discretionary expenditures, inflation, financing costs and similar factors beyond ADQ’s 
or your control. Equipment payments generally are not refundable. Investment obligations beyond 
the initial cash outlay requirements will be necessary and you may finance at your discretion. 
Market forces will determine loan repayment totals and interest on borrowings will be determined 
by market forces at the time of any financing transaction. 
(11) 
You must purchase the training inventory used by you and your employees at your store during 
ADQ’s on-site opening assistance. 
(12) 
This amount includes utility and security deposits and business licenses. Deposits are generally 
refundable, but license fees are not. For a Street location, you may be required to submit an impact 
study to a local government agency to receive necessary local permits and approvals for your store. 
These estimates may be significantly higher in some unique jurisdictions where local authorities 
may require fees in excess of $100,000 for electrical, sewer/water and/or other miscellaneous 
connections. 
(13) 
This amount is an estimate for attorneys’ fees in connection with your purchase of the franchise 
and purchase or lease of the franchised premises. 
(14) 
This amount is projected to cover initial operating expenses for one store for three months, such as 
managerial salaries, rent, debt service, local advertising, taxes, freight, office expenses, security, 
Payment Card Industry (“PCI”) compliance, monthly service and support fees related to 
components of the EPOS system, credit card processing, internet connection, and/or authorized 
music systems, but you may have additional expenses starting the business. This amount does not 
