 
DQT FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26   
32 
the territory operator has with the franchisee. In addition, ADQ takes 7% of all outside vendor 
payments received from agreements negotiated by ADQ. As a voluntary corporate contribution, 
1/7 of ADQ’s total management fees are currently credited on an annual basis to the DQ® national 
marketing program budget for use as ADQ designates.  
Sales Promotion Activities 
Sales promotion activities may be national, regional or local in scope. ADQ’s marketing 
department is responsible for the development of the sales promotion activities for all DQ® brands, 
including system marketing calendars (“SMCs”). The SMCs, and the creative and sales promotion 
materials created in support of the SMCs, are designed to increase consumer awareness and drive 
trial of DQ® products and promotions, build the customer base, increase customer visit frequency, 
and build the DQ® brand overall. The SMCs consist of promotions and events designed to allow 
the DQ® system, on a market by market or national basis as determined by ADQ, to convey a 
uniform marketing message. The SMCs are used as the foundation for media plans in the DQ® 
system. Other sales promotion activities include creative materials, tie-in promotions, new product 
introductions, and system promotions. ADQ uses various forms of media to promote the DQ® 
system, brand and products, which may include broadcast or cable television, radio, newspaper 
inserts, ads in newspaper/shoppers, magazines, billboards, various in-store materials, exterior 
merchandising, various local restaurant marketing materials, online communication, social media, 
electronic or mobile media, and new forms of media depending on the objectives. Because you 
sell a smaller number of DQ® items from your DQ® Treat store compared to some of the other 
DQ® concepts, such as a DQ Grill & Chill® restaurant, your sales promotion materials will not 
include all DQ® materials nor may all DQ® promotional activities apply to your DQ® Treat store. 
ADQ currently uses various national, regional and local advertising and public relations agencies 
to assist it in the strategic development, production and placement of many of the national and 
earned media activites and other sales promotion activities.  
Currently, ADQ’s regional sales promotion activities are carried out based on a DMA concept. A 
DMA is a geographic area of counties in which consumers within the area view a majority of their 
TV viewing via the home market stations also within that geographic area. There are currently 210 
DMAs in the U.S. The DMA is determined by an independent research and ratings service called 
Nielsen Media Research which conducts research on consumer TV viewing patterns in each county 
in the United States. All of the counties (and therefore all of the DQ® restaurants and stores within 
these counties) that share the same TV influence are grouped into the same DMA. ADQ has the 
right to discontinue use of the DMA system for determining regional boundaries, or may determine 
that 2 or more DMAs will be grouped together for purposes of regional sales promotion activities.  
ADQ may also spend sales promotion program fees by component or type of DQ® restaurant or 
store, by local market or DMA market or region, or for concept-specific marketing production, 
materials and programs and promotions. ADQ has the right to develop specialized marketing pools 
or programs in the future. Finally, ADQ may also set aside some of the sales promotion program 
fees paid by individual stores to be spent by those individual stores at the local level, in accordance 
with a reimbursement program or online credit system. ADQ has the right to determine the 
allocation of sales promotion program fees, materials and activities as between national, regional, 
local, or individual store efforts, and this allocation can change with or without notice to you. 
