 
DQT FDD 3/25, as amended 1/26  
2
In connection with your authorized franchise, you will: (1) use ADQ’s nationally recognized 
trademarks and service marks; (2) obtain access to the distinctive operational and management 
attributes of the Dairy Queen® system; (3) participate in many of ADQ’s national and regional sales 
promotion programs, as well as any special programs ADQ establishes for DQ® Treat franchisees; 
and (4) receive the benefits of association with a nationally recognized franchise system, including 
various forms of training, opening and operational assistance (see Item 11). 
Single Unit Franchise 
The single unit DQ® Treat franchise is a license to operate a single DQ® Treat store at an 
authorized location under the terms of the operating agreement (also referred to as the franchise 
agreement) included in this disclosure document as Exhibit B.  
ADQ may permit existing franchisees with a Street location to relocate their restaurants under 
ADQ’s relocation policy. More details about the relocation policy are included Items 5, 6, 7 
and 12. If you are a current franchisee of an existing DQ® Treat store and ADQ is permitting 
you to relocate your store under the relocation policy, you must sign the franchise agreement 
and the relocation addendum included in Exhibit B. The relocation policy is not applicable to 
Captive-venue locations. 
If you are a current franchisee of an existing DQ® restaurant that has a contractual right to 
renew the existing franchise at the end of its initial term, and you meet ADQ’s qualifying 
criteria for renewal, you will be required to sign the franchise agreement and the renewal 
addendum included in Exhibit B.   
If you are purchasing or otherwise acquiring an existing DQ® Treat store, and you meet ADQ’s 
qualifying criteria and requirements to obtain ADQ’s consent for the transfer, you will be 
required to sign the franchise agreement included in Exhibit B.   
Conversion Program 
If you operate an existing Dairy Queen® soft-serve-only or limited non-system food (“NSF”) 
store, and meet all of ADQ’s qualifying criteria, ADQ may allow you to convert your store to 
a DQ® Treat store by signing the franchise agreement and the applicable conversion addendum 
included in Exhibit C.  The conversion addenda allow you to, among other things, carry over 
from your old agreement to the new agreement the protected territory and the continuing 
license fee for products made with soft-serve as an ingredient.  Franchisees converting an 
existing Dairy Queen® soft-serve-only store or an NSF store to a DQ® Treat store are referred 
to as “conversion franchisees” and the locations are referred to as “conversions.”  
Dairy Queen® soft-serve-only stores are different from the DQ® Treat franchise currently 
offered by ADQ because they are under franchise agreements entered into over 30 years ago 
and have no rights to carry DQ® food items. 
Market 
 
Dairy Queen® products appeal to the general public, although certain products are targeted for 
particular customers. Your principal competition will be other quick service and fast casual food 
