DQ Participation Agreement 
 
 
 
2 
 
 
 
 
 
02/05/25 
 
4. Term. The initial term of this Participation Agreement shall begin when executed by 
Participating Location and continue for a period of five (5) years from the date of Activation of 
the Subscription Software Services at Participating Location, unless earlier terminated by either 
PAR or Participating Location pursuant to the terms set forth in this Participation Agreement (the 
“Initial Term”). For purposes of this Participation Agreement, Activation shall be the date that the 
Participating Location is able to access the Subscription Software Services to process a sales 
transaction for a customer. Thereafter, this Participation Agreement shall automatically renew at 
the end of the Initial Term for additional successive periods of one (1) year (the “Renewal 
Term(s)”). The Initial Term and the Renewal Term(s) shall be referred to herein collectively as 
the “Term”. Participating Location may terminate this Participation Agreement for convenience, 
at any time, for any reason upon thirty (30) days’ notice to PAR (subject to payment of all 
remaining payments for Equipment and Installation Services purchased under any financing 
agreement or payable under any Conversion Letter, if applicable). 
5. Installation Commitment. By executing this Participation Agreement, Participating Location 
understands and agrees to the following: 
a. PAR will provide Participating Location with notification when PAR will be performing 
Installation Services within Participating Location’s area (“Area Installation”) at least 8 
weeks in advance of such timeframe. In order for Participating Location to be eligible to 
be installed during the Area Installation, Participating Location agrees to the following: 
i. If not yet completed, Participating Location will complete the Customer 
Information Form within 4 days of receiving notification of the install time 
frame. 
ii. Participating Location agrees to schedule a Site Survey at a time directed by 
PAR, which will take place at Participating Location approximately 6 weeks 
prior to the install timeframe. 
iii. Participating Location agrees to return a signed Sales Order to PAR within 5 
days of receipt of the Sales Order by Participating Location. 
iv. Participating Location will ensure it has completed the Pre-Installation Checklist 
prior to its installation date (scheduled and coordinated by PAR) as provided 
upon completion of Participating Location’s Pre-Installation Site Survey. PAR 
will provide Participating Location with its specific installation date 
approximately 2 weeks prior to the performance of the installation services, and 
Participating Location agrees to install the PAR Solution on the specified date. 
b. if PAR is unable to perform the Installation Services due to Participating Location’s 
failure to meet any of its obligations above in Section 5.a., the cost for the Installation 
Services may be increased; and 
c. if Participating Location does not install the PAR Solution within nine (9) months of 
PAR’s notification to Participating Location of the Area Installation as set forth in 
Section 5.a., Participating Location will be in breach of this Participation Agreement. 
 
