 
DQT FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26   
33 
You may use only the sales promotion or other advertising materials that ADQ furnishes or makes 
available to you, or other materials that ADQ approves for use in your sales promotion activities. 
Examples of sales promotion and other advertising materials that ADQ must approve prior to your 
use include menu board transparencies, counter mats, counter mat inserts, posters, billboard paper 
or vinyl, newspaper inserts, lawn signs, banners, menu board or register toppers, window clings, 
cake freezer merchandising, stanchions/display point-of-purchase, TV and radio creative, online 
communication, electronic or mobile media, loyalty programs, and direct mail. ADQ will not 
unreasonably withhold approval of any sales promotion or other advertising materials that you 
propose to use, as long as your materials are factually accurate, current, in good condition, in good 
taste, of like quality to and not in conflict with sales promotion and other advertising materials 
ADQ furnishes or makes available to you, and accurately depict the products and Trademarks. 
Any social media advertising or mobile marketing you do must comply with ADQ’s social media 
policy. ADQ owns, can use and permit others to use any sales promotion or other advertising 
materials, ideas, concepts or programs you develop. As of the date of this disclosure document, 
ADQ does not require you to participate in any formal local or regional advertising cooperative. 
National Marketing Fund 
ADQ administers national sales promotion activities (including point of purchase materials) 
through a dedicated NMF. Sales promotion program fees are used at the national level through the 
NMF to develop and pay for the production of creative and other materials to support the SMCs, 
and also to fund national media and various other sales promotion activities, including, at ADQ’s 
discretion, consumer loyalty programs, consumer feedback programs, online or mobile ordering 
or delivery programs, and similar activities at the national level, as well as other activities within 
the overall DQ® and Orange Julius® systems. The NMFs are funded principally from an allocation 
of the sales promotion program fees paid by participating restaurants and stores. The percentage 
allocated to the NMF may vary between restaurants and stores and between markets. ADQ has the 
right to establish and periodically change the amount of sales promotion program fees that are 
allocated to an NMF with or without notice to you. 
Sales promotion and other advertising and merchandising materials produced by the NMFs are, by 
design, licensed only to current NMF participating restaurants and stores and may not be 
transferred to or used in any way by or in non-NMF participating restaurants and stores. This 
means that if a franchisee owns both participating-NMF and non-participating-NMF restaurants 
or stores, NMF materials may only be displayed in those restaurants and stores paying the NMF 
fee. 
Franchise Advisory Council 
The franchise advisory councils include an Operations Advisory Council (“OPAC”), Technology 
Advisory Council (“TAC”), US Marketing Advisory Council (“MAC”) and Canadian Marketing 
Advisory Council (“CMAC”).  These councils advise ADQ and DQC on matters related to 
restaurant operations, technology, marketing, advertising and other matters, but solely in an 
advisory capacity. The MAC includes eleven franchisee advisors.  In 2026, ten are elected, 
including one territory operator representative, and one is appointed by ADQ.  Starting in 2027, 
six are elected, including one territory operator representative, and five are appointed by ADQ.  
The CMAC has eight franchisee advisors.  In 2026, seven are elected and 1 is appointed by DQC.  
