 
DQT FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26   
34 
Starting in 2027, four are elected and four are appointed by DQC.  The OPAC and the TAC are 
each comprised of eight franchisee advisors appointed by ADQ and DQC, six from the US and 
two from Canada.  ADQ has the power to form, change, or dissolve the councils, and has the right 
to change how franchisee membership on the councils is determined.  
Use of Funds 
The accounting for the funds used for DQ® national and DMA activities and materials are 
reviewed by an independent national accounting firm on an annual basis. This “review” consists 
principally of applying analytical procedures to the financial data and of making inquiries of 
persons responsible for financial and accounting matters. ADQ currently makes available to DQ® 
franchisees a copy of the annually prepared statements of contributions, expenditures and balance 
for the national (NMF), DMA (consolidated) and individual DMA in which your restaurant is 
located along with the Independent Accountants’ Review Report. In addition, each DMA can 
request that an audit of its DMA activities be conducted at the expense of that DMA. Orange 
Julius® sales promotion program fees are accounted for by ADQ on an annual basis and a 
statement of contributions, expenditures and balance is prepared by ADQ and available for review. 
ADQ annually convenes a committee from the MAC to conduct their own review of the accounting 
for the marketing funds applicable to each system. 
Use of the combined sales promotion payments from all types of DQ® businesses in the 2024 
fiscal year is as follows: 
Percentage spent on Production 
 
U      19.7  
% 
Percentage spent on Media Placement 
 
U      66.8  
% 
Percentage spent on Administrative Expenses 
 
 
U4.3  
% 
Percentage spent on OtherP(1) 
 
U        9.1  
% 
TOTAL 
 
 
U100.0 
% 
(1) 
Includes amounts spent on audits, the Children’s Miracle Network, certain point-of-sale 
items, research and the franchise advisory councils’ expenses. 
The above percentages vary if you calculate the allocations at the individual restaurant level, by 
area or group of restaurants, or by type of DQ® business.  
Use of the payments made to Orange Julius® sales promotion programs in the 2024 fiscal year is 
as follows: 
