 
DQT FDD 3/25, as amended 1/26  
4
Orange Julius® products, and providing various services to Orange Julius® franchisees.  ADQ is 
not offering or issuing any new Orange Julius® franchises.  OJA was dissolved in December 2021. 
In the past ADQ issued standard and urban territory franchises in the United States, which are 
territory franchises that allow the territory operator to develop the Dairy Queen®/Brazier® (and 
now DQ Grill & Chill®) and Dairy Queen®/Limited Brazier® businesses within a defined 
geographical area (“territory”) through subfranchising to third parties. ADQ occasionally acquires 
a territory operator’s interest in various restaurant and store franchise agreements through 
negotiated acquisitions of territorial subfranchising rights. Also in the past, ADQ issued Dairy 
Queen® soft-serve-only franchises (a store featuring approved Dairy Queen® soft-serve treat 
products which may or may not sell non-system food), Dairy Queen®/Limited Brazier® franchises 
(a store featuring approved Dairy Queen® soft-serve treat products and a limited number of 
approved food items), Dairy Queen®/Brazier® franchises (a restaurant featuring approved Dairy 
Queen® soft-serve treat products and a full menu of Brazier® food items), and Dairy Queen®/Fuel 
Center franchises (a franchise specifically offered for locations operated in conjunction with or 
adjacent to a fuel dispensing or travel business). For these franchises that ADQ no longer offers, 
there may be existing franchisees that were granted licenses under these franchise programs 
(including territory operators who continue to subfranchise). 
  
ADQ’s Affiliates 
IDQ’s business includes the limited sale of products (see Item 8) to the various franchise systems 
that its subsidiaries operate. DQF provides various services to franchisees, including the financing 
services described in Item 10. USCI acts as the “supply chain entity” and sources certain products 
and equipment (see Item 8) to the various franchise systems that IDQ’s subsidiaries operate. 
DQGC provides gift card services to franchisees. IDQ, DQF, USCI and DQGC do not and have 
not issued franchises or conducted a company-operated DQ® Treat store. 
DQTR owns and operates two DQ Grill & Chill® restaurants in Minnesota, one of which serves 
as a training facility for ADQ personnel and franchisees. DQTR has conducted the DQ® business 
since June 2003. DQTR has entered into agreements with ADQ substantially similar to the form 
franchise agreement in place at the time for other franchised locations. DQTR does not and has 
not issued franchises in any line of business. 
ADQ has offered a number of international franchise programs over the years under the DQ®, 
Dairy Queen®, and DQ Grill & Chill® trademarks, including an international territory program, 
an international multiple unit development program and an international store program. 
DQC has conducted the Dairy Queen® business and issued various DQ® franchises in Canada 
since 1953. DQC holds exclusive area franchising rights in Canada through licensing agreements 
with ADQ, under which DQC exercises exclusive rights to license the registered trade name and 
DQ® trademark and certain other trademarks owned by ADQ. DQC issues franchises for DQ Grill 
& Chill® restaurants, and DQ® Treat locations. While DQC no longer offers Dairy 
Queen®/Brazier®, Dairy Queen®/Limited Brazier® stores and Dairy Queen® soft-serve-only 
franchises, there may be existing franchised locations of these types. 
