DQ Participation Agreement 
 
 
 
5 
 
 
 
 
 
02/05/25 
 
Location has limited hours of operation when an authorized representative may not be present to sign for 
the delivery, the Participating Location should inform PAR of such limited hours when placing its order 
with PAR. If there is no representative at the Participating Location to accept and sign for the delivery, then 
the carrier will take the Equipment back and attempt to make delivery two (2) more times to the 
Participating Location. After the third attempt, the Equipment will be returned to PAR by the carrier and the 
Participating Location will be required to pay to PAR any additional shipping charge or other charges, 
including any rescheduling fees, prior to any further attempt at delivery of the Equipment. 
(e) Taxes and Other Fees. Participating Location shall be responsible for the payment of all taxes, 
withholding, duties and other governmental assessments upon or with respect to the sale, purchase, use, 
receipt or shipment of the Equipment (other than taxes based solely on PAR’s net income), including, 
without limitation, sales or use tax or similar taxes, provided that PAR will not invoice Participating 
Location for taxes to the extent Participating Location has provided PAR with evidence that Participating 
Location is exempt from paying and/or PAR is exempt from collecting such tax. 
(f) Payment and Invoice. All amounts for the Purchase Price of the Equipment; cost(s) (if any) of 
Installation Services, Advance Exchange Services, and On-Site Remedial Maintenance Services (only the 
first month of such equipment support services, as applicable) set forth in the Sales Order/Purchase Order, 
shipment (as contemplated by subsection (c) above) and taxes and other fees (as contemplated by 
subsection (e) above) shall be pre-paid by Participating Location via ACH.  No earlier than the date of 
installation of the Equipment, PAR will issue its invoice indicating pre-payment of all amounts due under 
these Terms. Any abort, reschedule or cancellation fees will be invoiced separately or refunded to 
Participation Location as applicable. Ongoing monthly payments for Advance Exchange Services and/or 
On-Site Remedial Maintenance Services must be made by ACH. All sums not paid when due will accrue 
interest daily at the lesser of an annual rate of 18% (1.5% per month), or the highest rate permissible by law 
on the unpaid balance until paid in full. 
 
4. Equipment and Equipment Installation Services. 
(a) Embedded Operating System. If the Equipment contains an embedded operating system from 
Microsoft the terms and conditions of the end user license agreement (“Microsoft EULA”) is located at 
https://support.partech.com/terminals.php and is incorporated into and made a part of these Terms and shall 
be applicable to Participating Location, and Participating Location hereby accepts such Microsoft EULA 
and the terms thereof. 
(b) Installation Services. PAR will provide the Installation Services set forth in the Sales Order/Purchase 
Order (the “Installation Services”) as follows: the Equipment will be installed by PAR or by an installation 
subcontractor(s) certified by PAR at the location identified on the Sales Order/Purchase Order. Installation 
of the Equipment shall be deemed to be complete when PAR or its installation subcontractor notifies 
Participating Location that the Equipment has been properly installed and is ready for use. PAR will use 
commercially reasonable efforts to perform the Installation Services in accordance with the time schedule 
set forth in the Sales Order/Purchase Order. 
(c) Participating Location Responsibilities. If the Sales Order/Purchase Order includes Installation 
Services, the Participating Location agrees that Participating Location is responsible for the preparation of 
the space in which the Equipment will be installed, including confirming the space satisfies PAR’s 
specifications as to environment, power, HVAC, and other requirements as described in PAR’s pre- 
installation guide (the “Pre-Installation Checklist”). Site preparation, in accordance with the Pre-Installation 
Checklist, must be completed prior to installation. If PAR or its certified installation subcontractor(s) 
arrives at the Participating Location at which the Equipment is to be installed and the Participating Location 
is not prepared for installation in accordance with the Pre-Installation Checklist, the Participating Location 
