4225 DQT Oper Agmt - 03/25 
17 
(2) 
Company will not unreasonably withhold approval of any sales 
promotion or other advertising materials that Licensee proposes to 
use, as long as Licensee’s materials are factually accurate, current, 
in good condition, in good taste, of like quality to and not in conflict 
with sales promotion and other advertising materials Company 
furnishes or makes available to Licensee, and accurately depict the 
products and Trademarks. 
(3) 
Company owns and can use and permit others to use any sales 
promotion or other advertising materials, ideas, concepts or 
programs developed by Licensee. 
9. 
FEES, REPORTING, AND AUDIT. 
9.1 
Initial Franchise Fee. Licensee must pay to Company an initial franchise fee 
of $25,000, which has been paid prior to or upon the date of execution of this 
agreement. Except as described in this agreement, the initial franchise fee is 
not refundable. 
9.2 
Continuing License Fee. Licensee must pay to Company monthly a 
continuing license fee of 5% of Gross Sales. 
9.3 
Sales Promotion Program Fee. 
(A) 
Licensee must pay to Company monthly a sales promotion program fee of: 
(1) 
For Orange Julius® branded products, up to 6% of Gross Sales. The 
current fee is 5% for Street Locations, and 1.25% for Captive-venue 
Locations; 
(2) 
For all other products, 5% - 6% of Gross Sales. 
(B) 
Company will determine the exact percentage to be paid by Licensee 
within the ranges in section 9.3(A) without regard to the amount that any 
other licensee of Company may pay. Company will let Licensee know at 
least 90 days in advance of imposing any requirement that Licensee pay a 
higher percentage within the applicable range. 
(C) 
Licensee must also pay all sales promotion fees required by any lease or 
sublease for the Restaurant premises, and must comply with all sales 
promotion requirements of Licensee’s lease or sublease. If Licensee is 
Company’s or an affiliate’s sublessee, then Licensee must to pay the 
required lease sales promotion fees to Company in addition to the fee 
payable under section 9.3(A), even if the landlord delays or fails to 
enforce prompt compliance with all lease requirements. 
9.4 
Computations and Remittances. 
(A) 
Subject to section 9.6, all amounts due under this agreement, except the 
initial franchise fee, must be computed at the end of each month’s 
