PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT 
 
This Participation Agreement (the “Agreement”) is entered into on ____________________, 
between the customer named on the signature page of this Agreement (“Customer”) and 
Cineplex Digital Media Inc., successor to EK3 Technologies Inc. (“Vendor”), pursuant to that 
certain Master Service Agreement and Software License dated December 16, 2015, as amended 
(the “MSA”), between Vendor and American Dairy Queen Corporation (“ADQ”). Pursuant to 
the MSA, ADQ has engaged Vendor to provide to Participating Sites (as defined in the MSA), 
certain services relating to the ADQ interior digital menu board signage program (the “DMB 
Program”). All capitalized terms used in this Agreement have the definitions given to them in 
the MSA unless otherwise defined herein. 
 
In consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained and other good and valuable 
consideration (the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged), the parties 
covenant and agree as follows: 
1. Vendor shall provide the Services to operate the DMB Program at the Customer’s 
Participating Site. 
 
2. Customer shall pay the fees set forth in Schedule A attached hereto in the manner set 
forth therein. To activate the commencement of the Services, Customer shall deliver an 
executed copy of this Agreement to Vendor, together with payment of the total fees for 
Equipment and Installation and one year’s worth of monthly Services for the 
Participating Site, on a pro-rated basis for the remainder of the calendar year. Vendor will 
then invoice the Customer for the annual Service fees for the following year on our 
before the start of the next calendar year, or date to be determined by Vendor in its sole 
discretion, and Customer shall pay such amounts within thirty (30) days of receipt of the 
invoice. If Vendor changes its billing practice from billing on the anniversary of the 
Installation Date to a fixed date or other payment cycle, it shall provide Customer with at 
least sixty (60) days prior written notice. If Customer’s total annual fees are greater than 
$300, and Customer pays the total balance owing in advance of the due date will receive 
a 2% discount off their total annual fees. 
 
3. Customer acknowledges and agrees that the Service fees are non-refundable in the event 
the franchise is sold or assigned, and that all paid-up Service fees will be transferred to 
the new owner once this Agreement has been successfully assigned. Service fees will be 
refunded on a pro-rata basis in the event that a store closes.  
 
4. For Participating Sites in Canada, CDN will use an US/Canadian exchange rate of 1.21 
($100 USD = $121 CDN). The exchange rate shall be reviewed quarterly against the rate 
set by the Bank of Canada, and the fees will be adjusted if the rate is five points above or 
below the exchange rate set out above. CDN will provide thirty (30) days prior written 
notice of any fee adjustments.  
 
