Dairy Queen Participation Agreement Revised 08-18-2022 
24 - 36 
$300 
13.4. 
Termination for Breach. Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time by giving thirty (30) days 
written notice ("Breach Notice") of termination to the other party in the event that the other party: (i) 
breaches the terms or conditions of this Agreement including, but not limited to, payment of the Monthly 
Service Fee, and fails to remedy such breach within thirty (30) days of the date of the Breach Notice; or (ii) 
becomes insolvent, makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors, is adjudged bankrupt, or if a receiver 
is appointed over such party's assets. In the event Acumera terminates this Agreement due to Breach, 
Participating Location agrees to pay an early termination charge according to Paragraph 13.3. 
13.5. 
Termination for Change in Service. In the event Acumera provides Participating Location with written 
notice pursuant to section 23 herein that it is no longer able to provide a material aspect of its Services, 
including but not limited to the Data Breach Financial Protection Program located at 
www.Acumera.com/DBFP, and Acumera is unable to provide suitable alternative Services within thirty (30) 
days of notice of same, Participating Location shall within thirty (30) days of the date of such notice have the 
right to terminate this Agreement without penalty or early termination charge. In the event of such 
termination, Participating Location shall provide notice of termination to Acumera pursuant to section 23 
herein. 
14.
Self-Service Portal Access/Communication/Participating Location Responsibilities/Data Access.
14.1. 
In the context of performing the services purchased through each Work Order, Acumera may grant self- 
service portal access ("Access") to and communicate with only those employees or agents of Participating 
Location ("Contacts") who are specified in the Account Permissions section of each Work Order or who 
have been added as Contacts by the person designated in each Work Order as Participating Location's 
Administrative Contact. The Access of Contacts will be limited by the permissions granted to them by the 
Administrative Contact. 
14.2. 
By Access, Participating Location is responsible for the review, download, and distribution of scans and 
logs. 
14.3. 
With respect to Access, Participating Location agrees to be bound by the Terms of Use and Privacy located 
at http://www.Acumera.com. 
14.4. 
Participating Location authorizes Acumera to share scan results, logs and other data regarding POS, PCI 
and compliance with Dairy Queen. No personal cardholder data is intentionally seen by Acumera, and no 
personal data from either Participating Locations or employees will be shared within this process without 
prior authorization. 
15.
Privacy and Confidentiality. In the course of providing the deliverables, Acumera may be given access to, or be
provided with, confidential information about Participating Location's business and/or Participating Location's website
("Business Information"), and personal information about Participating Location, Participating Location's employees,
Participating Location's account and/or card holders and/or Participating Location's website ("Personal Information").
Participating Location authorizes such access and disclosure of Participating Location's Business Information to
Acumera. Acumera will use reasonable efforts to keep Participating Location's Business Information confidential and
will not disclose Participating Location's Business Information to any third party. To the extent that access to Personal
Information by Acumera occurs, Participating Location authorizes such access and authorizes Acumera to use such
Personal Information for the sole purpose of providing the services contemplated by this Agreement. Acumera will
not use any such Personal Information for any other purposes than those specifically related to providing the services
contemplated by this Agreement. As a Service Provider as defined under PCI-DSS regulations, Acumera
acknowledges it is responsible for the security of cardholder data that it possesses, stores, processes, or transmits on
behalf of the Participating Location, or to the extent it impacts the security of the Participating Location's cardholder
data environment. Participating Location acknowledges that it is responsible for the security of cardholder data that is
in its possessions or that it stores, processes, or transmits while it is in Participating Location's possession or care.
Participating Location further acknowledges that it is responsible for complying with any applicable regulations.
16.
Intellectual Property. The intellectual property associated with any Equipment installed at Participating Location's
Location(s) is and remains Acumera's property. By its possession and use, Participating Location acquires no rights
or interests of any kind in the intellectual property and hereby expressly covenants that it will not disclose anything
about Acumera's intellectual property or allow any physical access to Acumera's intellectual property. If
Participating Location is subject to a claim or demand that the Services infringe a third party's property rights,
Acumera will: (1) procure for Participating Location the right to continue to use the Services, replace the Services ,
or modify the Services to avoid infringement; and (2) indemnify Participating Location against damages and costs
(including reasonable attorney's fees and legal expenses) incurred in connection with the alleged infringement.
