4225 DQT Oper Agmt - 03/25 
37 
reference and should not be taken into account in construing or interpreting this 
agreement. 
15.6 Guarantee. If Licensee is a corporation, partnership or other entity, then all 
Owners must sign the undertaking and guarantee at the end of this agreement. 
Any person or entity that becomes an Owner after the date of this agreement 
must sign the form of undertaking and guarantee at the end of this agreement. 
15.7 Successors; Assigns. Subject to the terms of section 11, this agreement is 
binding upon and inures to the benefit of the administrators, executors, heirs, 
successors and assigns of the parties. 
15.8 Interpretation of Rights and Obligations. The following provisions apply to 
and govern the interpretation of this agreement, the parties’ rights under this 
agreement, and the relationship between the parties: 
(A) 
Applicable Law and Waiver. Subject to Company’s rights under 
federal trademark laws and the parties’ rights under the Federal 
Arbitration Act under section 12, the parties’ rights under this 
agreement and the relationship between the parties is governed by, and 
will be interpreted in accordance with, the laws (statutory and 
otherwise) of the state in which the Authorized Location is located. 
Licensee waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the rights and 
protections that might be provided through the laws of any state 
relating to franchises or business opportunities, other than those of the 
state in which the Authorized Location is located. 
(B) 
Exercise of Rights. Whenever this agreement provides that Company 
has a certain right, that right is absolute and the parties intend that 
Company’s exercise of that right will not be subject to any limitation or 
review. Company may operate, administrate, develop, and change the 
System in any manner that is not specifically precluded by the 
provisions of this agreement. 
(C) 
Reasonable Business Judgment. Whenever Company reserves or is 
deemed to have reserved discretion in a particular area or where 
Company agrees or is deemed to be required to exercise its rights 
reasonably or in good faith, Company will satisfy its obligations 
whenever it exercises Reasonable Business Judgment (as defined below) 
in making its decision or exercising its rights. A decision or action by 
Company will be deemed to be the result of “Reasonable Business 
Judgment,” even if other reasonable or even arguably preferable 
alternatives are available, if Company’s decision or action is intended, in 
whole or significant part, to promote or benefit the Franchise System (or 
one or more components of it) generally even if the decision or action 
also promotes a financial or other individual interest of Company. 
Examples of items that will promote or benefit the Franchise System 
include enhancing the value of the Trademarks, improving customer 
service and satisfaction, improving product quality, improving 
