 
DQT FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26   
44 
You must keep all proprietary information confidential during and after the term of the franchise 
agreement, including the Operations Manual and product preparation materials. You must not 
duplicate or disseminate any proprietary information to any party other than, your employees who 
need to know such proprietary information, and you must comply with all changes to the Operations 
Manual at your cost. Upon termination of your franchise agreement, you must return all proprietary 
information to ADQ, including all copies of the Operations Manual and the product preparation 
materials then in your possession or control or previously disseminated to your employees, and all 
other copyright material. You must notify ADQ immediately if you learn about an unauthorized use 
of proprietary information, although ADQ is not required by the franchise agreement to take any 
action and has the right to determine the appropriate response to any unauthorized use of proprietary 
information. 
UItem 15U: UObligation to Participate in the Actual Operation of the Franchise Business 
You are required to operate your DQ® Treat franchise under your active and continuous supervision. 
If the franchisee is a business entity, the franchisee is required to have one owner who is responsible 
for overseeing the general management of the day-to-day operations of the location. If you are 
developing your first DQ® Treat location, you must have one designated manager and one 
assistant manager (ARD franchisees only need a designated manager) who have completed ADQ’s 
training requirements in Item 11. Designated and assistant managers must personally invest their 
full time and attention and devote their best efforts to the on-premises general management of the 
day-to-day operations of the location, and meet ADQ’s store or retail management experience 
requirements. Designated and assistant managers may not participate in the active operation or 
management of any other business.  
You must ensure that any designated or assistant managers with access to confidential information 
(as defined in the franchise agreement) abide by the confidentiality obligations in the franchise 
agreement. Also, a designated manager cannot directly or indirectly operate, permit to be operated, 
or hold any interest in a competitive business. 
If the franchisee will be a business entity, all of its owners must sign the personal undertaking and 
guarantee attached to the franchise agreement. You must identify your owners in the Ownership 
Addendum and notify ADQ in writing of any change in the owners.  
UItem 16U: URestrictions on What the Franchisee May Sell 
ADQ requires you to offer and sell only those goods and services that ADQ has approved 
(see Items 8 and 9). In addition, you may offer and sell these approved goods and services only 
from your store (see Item 12). Any failure to comply with these requirements or to meet product 
quality standards may result in termination of your franchise agreement (see Item 17). 
You must carry the required menu items that ADQ designates for your business. If you are a 
conversion franchisee, you must cease selling any non-system food items. ADQ has the right to 
determine the authorized menu for your store, based upon ADQ’s evaluation of various factors, 
including customs or circumstances of a particular site or location, density of population, 
population of trade area, existing business practices, lease restrictions, and any other condition that 
ADQ deems to be of importance to the operation of your business or to the DQ® system. There 
