 
DQT FDD 3/25, as amended 1/26  
9
Group Inc. and Elite Ltd. for unpaid license, advertising, and termination fees. Discovery is 
underway, and ADQ will continue to vigorously defend itself and pursue its claims. 
 
State of Rhode Island Office of the General Treasurer, individually and on behalf of all similarly 
situated persons v. Domino’s Pizza, Inc., Russell J. Weiner, Sandeep Reddy, Joseph H. Jordan, 
and Arthur P. D’Elia (United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan, #2:24-CV-
12477-LVP-APP, filed April 10, 2025). On September 20, 2024, plaintiff Scott Bender filed a 
putative federal securities class action against Domino’s, its Chief Executive Officer, Russell 
Weiner, and its Chief Financial Officer, Sandeep Reddy (together with Domino’s and Mr. Weiner, 
collectively, “Defendants”) on behalf of a class consisting of all persons and entities that purchased 
or otherwise acquired Domino’s securities between December 7, 2023 and July 17, 2024. Bender 
alleges that, throughout the putative class period, Defendants made materially false and/or 
misleading statements and/or failed to disclose materially adverse facts concerning Domino’s 
likelihood of meeting its previously issued long-term guidance for annual global net store growth. 
Bender further alleges that, following the news of downwardly revised net store growth guidance 
and the decline in the market value of Domino’s securities, the members of the purported class 
suffered losses and damages. The complaint asserts the following causes of action: (i) violations 
of Section 10(b) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) and Rule 10b5 
promulgated under the Exchange Act, against all Defendants; and (ii) violations of Section 20(a) 
of the Exchange Act, against Mr. Weiner and Mr. Reddy. On February 10, 2025, following 
competing motions to be named as lead plaintiff, the Court issued an order naming the State of 
Rhode Island Office of the General Treasurer as the lead plaintiff in this action, and naming Rhode 
Island’s counsel as lead plaintiffs’ counsel. On April 11, 2025, plaintiffs filed an amended class 
action complaint naming two additional individual defendants, including Arthur D’Elia who now 
serves as ADQ’s Chief Operating Officer, US and Canada.  Mr. D’Elia served as Domino’s 
Executive Vice President, International from May 2022 until he resigned from the position in 
October 2024.  Plaintiffs allege that Mr. D’Elia also made false and/or misleading statements about 
Domino’s global net store growth during the putative class period and includes Mr. D’Elia in its 
assertions of violations of Section 10(b), Rule 10b5, and Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act.    Mr. 
D’Elia and the other defendants intend to vigorously defend these claims. ADQ and its affiliates 
are not parties to this lawsuit.  
 
Mr. D’Elia and the other defendants also have been named as defendants in a number of derivative 
lawsuits filed by various plaintiffs (“Derivative Lawsuits”).  The Derivative Lawsuits include 
Patrick Ayers, Derivatively on behalf of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. v. Russell Weiner, et al (Case No. 
2:25-cv-10289-SJM-APP, United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan); 
Daran Joshi, Derivatively on behalf of Nominal Defendant Domino’s Pizza, Inc. v. C. Andrew 
Ballard, et al (Case No. 2:25-cv-10704-GAD-EAS, United States District Court for the Eastern 
District of Michigan); Christopher Kassner, Derivatively on behalf of Nominal Defendant 
Domino’s Pizza, Inc. v. C. Andrew Ballard, et al (Case No. 25-000482-CB, 22nd Judicial Circuit, 
Washtenaw County, Michigan) and King Wah Philip Chu, Derivatively on behalf of Domino’s 
Pizza Inc. vs. Russell J. Weiner, et al (Case No. 25-001352-CB, 22nd Judicial Circuit, Washtenaw 
County, Michigan).  The Derivative Lawsuits are follow-on lawsuits arising from the allegations 
made in the Rhode Island securities action and alleged, among other things, breaches of fiduciary 
duties owed to Domino’s resulting in unjust enrichment to the individual defendants.  The 
Derivative Lawsuits have been stayed pending the outcome of a motion to dismiss filed in the 
