 
DQT FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26   
19 
(1) 
The initial investment amounts do not include the cost of land, and the amounts in several categories 
will vary depending on building size, whether you lease or own the space or building, and whether 
you are a new or conversion franchisee, among other factors.  
(2) 
Except where otherwise noted, all fees paid to ADQ or its affiliates are nonrefundable. Third party 
lessors, contractors, and suppliers determine if payments to them are refundable. 
(3) 
See Item 5 for conditions when the initial franchise fee is refundable, or when you may pay a 
reduced or no initial franchise fee in certain circumstances. 
(4) 
There are three required components to training: (1) the MTRA; (2) SERVSAFE certification; and 
(3) ADQ’s training program, which is made up of three phases. The MTRA costs $200/person, a 
SERVSAFE course costs $200-$400/person, and ADQ’s training program costs $3,600/person.  If 
you are a current franchisee that already has at least one existing DQ® Treat location open and 
operating for a minimum of two years and you are developing an additional restaurant under ADQ’s 
additional restaurant development (ARD) program, you may be permitted with operational 
approval to have training candidates with a certain level of experience test out of Product and 
Equipment Training  (phase 1), in which case the cost of the remaining phases of ADQ’s training 
program is $2,300/person, or test out of both Product and Equipment Training, and Service, 
Management and Financial Basics Training (phases 1 and 2), in which case the cost of the 
remaining phase of ADQ’s training program is $1,000/person.  If you pay the full initial franchise 
fee, you can send one person to ADQ’s training program without paying a training fee. 
 
The low end of the range assumes you pay for one person to pass the MTRA and obtain SERVSAFE 
certification. The high end of the range assumes you pay for one person to take the MTRA, obtain 
SERVSAFE certification and attend all three phases of ADQ’s training program. If your trainee 
does not pass People, PRIDE, and Profit Training (phase 3) within six months after phase 2 
completion, you must pay an additional $1,000/person for phase 3 completion.  
The MTRA fee is nonrefundable. If a training attendee cancels a scheduled MTRA more than one 
business day before the scheduled MTRA, the MTRA fee will be applied to the next scheduled MTRA 
for that attendee. If a training attendee fails to cancel at least one business day before the scheduled 
MTRA or fails to appear at the testing facility, the MTRA fee will be forfeited. 
In limited instances, you may be required to pay ADQ a fee for on-site pre-opening and opening 
assistance. Availability of this assistance is at ADQ’s discretion, and you must pay for the full 
opening program as determined by ADQ. The fee is approximately $800 per day, per person that 
provides assistance, which is due prior to the time the on-site pre-opening and opening assistance 
is rendered. The total due can vary widely, depending on various factors such as your and your 
crew’s level of experience, the number of ADQ personnel providing assistance, and the extent and 
duration of assistance provided. 
If you relocate a store under ADQ’s relocation policy, you are required to meet the then-current 
minimum training requirements for new DQ® Treat stores. For those training items listed in this 
table (all phases of ADQ’s training program, the MTRA, and a SERVSAFE course, for which your 
management team is not in compliance, you must comply and pay all associated fees described in 
this Item 7. 
(5) 
The total amount of travel and living expenses will vary depending on the number of training 
attendees and the types of training completed by your training attendees; these estimates assume 
you send two people to all three training components. ADQ estimates you will pay approximately 
