 
DQT FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26   
23 
computer systems, communications equipment, or electronic services providers). Approved 
products must meet ADQ’s specifications, and are manufactured, provided or prepared by ADQ 
approved manufacturers, suppliers or distributors. ADQ periodically identifies approved products 
for use in DQ® locations, and has the right to periodically change the list of approved products, 
and to update and alter the specifications for approved products.  
ADQ always has the right to designate a single approved manufacturer, supplier or distributor for 
the following products: (1) soft drinks; (2) third party branded products; (3) products relating to 
limited time offers and special promotions; (4) equipment, including EPOS equipment and all 
related point-of-sale and web based software and back-office hardware and software; (5) any 
product you purchase where ADQ does not receive a fee or payment from the manufacturer with 
respect to the sale of that product, other than payments from vendors for marketing; and (6) the 
Orange Julius® proprietary powders and frozen orange juice concentrate. 
For other products not listed in (1) - (6) above, as long as there is not in place an agreement for a 
“unified purchasing program,” a franchisee may make written request for approval of a specific 
product, service or piece of equipment of an additional, qualified manufacturer, supplier or alternate 
distributor, pursuant to ADQ’s then current policies and procedures.  
ADQ has received and offered proposals to create a unified purchasing program as a joint effort 
between ADQ and a cooperative association of DQ® restaurant and store operators, to benefit the 
entire DQ® system in the United States. For any period during which there is an agreement for a 
unified purchasing program: (1) ADQ will designate as approved the manufacturers, suppliers or 
distributors properly selected within the structure of that program; and (2) ADQ has the right to 
designate a single approved manufacturer, supplier and/or distributor of any approved products. 
ADQ has currently designated ParTech, Inc. as the sole supplier of the required EPOS hardware 
and software that you must purchase for your restaurant.  You will be required to sign an agreement 
with ParTech for the purchase of the equipment, software subscription services, installation and 
other services (“ParTech Participation Agreement”) when you sign your franchise agreement.   
ADQ also has designated (a) Fiserv (formerly, FirstData Merchant Services) as the sole supplier 
of payment card processing and related services you must purchase, (b) Verifone as the sole 
supplier of certain payment card data encryption services that you must purchase; (c) ValueLink, 
LLC as the sole supplier of the gift cards and related services you must purchase, (d) Olo Inc. as 
the sole supplier of the DQ Mobile Ordering System; (e) Punchh Inc. as the sole supplier of the 
DQ Mobile Loyalty platform that you must purchase; (f) Acumera as the sole supplier of managed 
firewall services you must purchase and (g) Cineplex Digital Media Inc. as the sole supplier of the 
digital menu boards you must purchase. Copies of the ParTech Participation Agreement and the 
participation agreements that you must sign and/or agree to the terms with ValueLink, Olo, 
Punchh, Acumera and Cineplex are included in this disclosure document as Exhibit E. When you 
sign the franchise agreement, you must also sign the then-current participation agreements offered 
by the other suppliers listed above. ADQ has the right to designate suppliers in place of or in 
addition to these suppliers. 
The franchise agreement requires you to purchase and maintain liability insurance at a minimum 
limit of liability that ADQ designates periodically. You also must purchase and maintain any other 
insurance required by law or by any agreement related to the franchised business. You must furnish 
