4225 DQT Oper Agmt - 03/25 
29 
(F) 
Except for the appeal process described in section 12.1(G), the decision of 
the arbitrator(s) will be final and binding on all parties to the dispute; 
however, the arbitrator(s) will have no authority or power to: (i) stay the 
effectiveness of any pending termination of this agreement; (ii) assess 
punitive or exemplary damages; or (iii) make any award that extends, 
modifies or suspends any lawful term of this agreement or any reasonable 
standard of business performance set by Company. The arbitrator(s) must 
also follow the applicable law and may not disregard the law based on 
principles of justice or equity which are not a specific part of the applicable 
law. A judgment may be entered upon the arbitration award by any state 
or federal court in Minnesota or the state of the Authorized Location. 
(G) 
Any award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be appealed pursuant to the 
AAA’s Optional Appellate Arbitration Rules in effect as of the Effective 
Date of this agreement (“Appellate Rules”). Any award will, at a minimum, 
be a reasoned award. The award will not be considered final until after the 
time for filing the notice of appeal pursuant to the Appellate Rules has 
expired. Appeals must be initiated within thirty days of receipt of an 
award, as defined by Rule A-3 of the existing Appellate Rules, by filing a 
notice of appeal with any AAA office. The appeal tribunal may affirm, 
reverse, or modify the award of the arbitrator(s), or return the matter to 
the arbitrator(s) for further action. A final award may be entered once the 
appeal process is complete or the time for filing an appeal has expired, and 
a judgment may be entered upon the arbitration award in accordance with 
the procedures identified in section 12.1(F). 
12.2 Injunctive Relief. The Restaurant is one of a large number of restaurants and 
stores identified by the Trademarks selling similar products to the public. The 
failure on the part of a single licensee to comply with the terms of its agreement 
could cause irreparable damage to Company or to some or all of Company’s other 
licensees. Therefore, in the event of a breach or threatened breach of any of the 
terms of this agreement by a party, the other party is entitled to an injunction 
from a court of law restraining the breach or to a decree of specific performance, 
without showing or proving any actual damage, together with recovery of 
reasonable attorneys’ fees and other costs incurred in obtaining the equitable 
relief, until a final and binding determination is made by the arbitrators. The 
arbitrator(s) has no authority to award interim, injunctive, or other equitable 
relief pending conclusion of the arbitration proceeding. Any equitable remedies 
are in addition to, not in lieu of, all other remedies or rights which the parties 
might otherwise have by virtue of any breach of this agreement by the other 
party. Company and its affiliates have the right to commence a civil action in 
any court of competent jurisdiction against Licensee or take other appropriate 
action to obtain injunctive relief (whether temporary, preliminary or 
permanent) to compel Licensee’s compliance with trademark standards and 
requirements to protect the goodwill of the Trademarks (including enforcement 
of the non-compete provisions in section 10.5 and 14.6) without having to file 
an arbitration demand. 
