4225 DQT Oper Agmt - 03/25 
26 
(1) 
Amount. Licensee must pay Company a transfer fee of $5,500, 
which is due when Licensee submits the application for consent of 
the transfer. The transfer fee increases by $500 on 
January 1, 2025, and on each 5-year anniversary of that date. 
(2) 
Refund. If Company exercises its right of first refusal or does not 
consent to a proposed transfer, Company will return the transfer 
fee to Licensee, minus any actual expenditures or disbursements 
made by Company in direct connection with evaluating or 
processing the proposed transfer, together with an itemized 
statement of these costs. The transfer fee is not refundable in 
whole or in part except as expressly stated in this agreement. 
(F) 
Payment of Amounts Owed. All amounts owed by Licensee to 
Company or any of Company’s affiliates, Licensee’s suppliers, or any 
landlord for the Restaurant premises and Authorized Location, or upon 
which Company or any of Company’s affiliates have any contingent 
liability, must be paid in full. 
(G) 
Compliance with Agreement. Licensee must be in full compliance 
with the terms of this agreement, including providing Company with all 
reports required in sections 9.9 and 9.10 through the effective date of the 
transfer. 
(H) 
Guarantee. All Owners of transferee must sign Company’s then current 
form of undertaking and guarantee. In addition, if Company allows 
Licensee or an Owner to retain a security or other financial interest in 
this agreement or the Restaurant after the transfer, then Licensee and 
the Owner must guarantee the performance of this agreement until the 
security or other financial interest terminates. 
(I) 
General Release. Licensee, each Owner, and each guarantor must sign 
a general release of all claims arising out of or relating to this 
agreement, Licensee’s Restaurant, or the parties’ business relationship, 
in the form designated by Company, releasing Company and its 
affiliates. 
(J) 
Training. The transferee must, at Licensee’s or transferee’s expense, 
comply with Company’s then current training requirements for DQ® 
Treat restaurants. 
(K) 
Financial Reports and Data. Company may require Licensee to 
prepare and furnish to transferee or Company financial reports and 
other data relating to the Restaurant and its operations as Company 
deems reasonably necessary or appropriate for transferee or Company to 
evaluate the Restaurant and the proposed transfer. Company may 
confer with proposed transferees and furnish them with information 
concerning the Restaurant and proposed transfer without being held 
liable to Licensee, except for intentional misstatements made to a 
