4225 DQT Oper Agmt - 03/25 
10 
Licensee will be required to use and, at Company’s discretion, pay for all 
future updates, supplements and modifications to the EPOS System or 
Computer Systems. Licensee must allow Company access to Licensee’s 
EPOS System and the Computer Systems, and the data and information 
they collect and store, at such times and in such a manner as Company 
periodically designates. Licensee must keep all financial information and 
customer data produced by or otherwise located on Licensee’s EPOS 
System or Computer Systems secure at all times. 
(B) 
Internet Access.  Licensee must have access at all times to the internet 
(or future form of electronic communication) at the Restaurant through an 
established service provider. Licensee must purchase, install and maintain 
a minimum of one DSL or cable/broadband internet connection and (if 
required by Company) one additional phone line or other future required 
communication access device that are exclusively designated and 
permanently connected to the EPOS System and any required Computer 
Systems. If the Restaurant is in an area without DSL or cable/broadband 
internet access, Company may require Licensee to install either a satellite 
connection, up to three additional phone lines, or any other communication 
access device or devices necessary to enable Company to communicate 
with the Restaurant on the same basis as with other newly built DQ® 
locations. Company may designate the specifications of any future 
required communication access device or method. 
(C) 
Electronic Communication. Licensee must maintain and regularly use 
an active email account or other form of electronic communication 
designated by Company, and keep Company informed of Licensee’s contact 
information. 
6.6 
Vending, Gaming, Alcohol, and Smoking. Licensee must not permit the 
following on the Restaurant premises: 
(A) 
Video game machines, vending machines or any similar coin-operated or 
electronic device or machine. 
(B) 
The sale, distribution or use of lottery or gambling devices of any nature, 
alcoholic or intoxicating beverages, or controlled substances. 
(C) 
Smoking, and Licensee must post signs on all doors and throughout the 
Restaurant to announce the smoke-free policy. 
6.7 
Health and Sanitation. The Restaurant must be operated and maintained at 
all times in compliance with all applicable health and sanitary standards 
prescribed by governmental authority. Licensee must also comply with any 
higher standards that Company prescribes. In addition, if the Restaurant is 
subject to any sanitary or health inspection by any governmental authorities 
under which it may be rated in one or more classification, it must be maintained 
and operated so as to be rated in the highest available health and sanitary 
classification by the inspecting governmental agency. If Licensee fails to be rated 
