4225 DQT Oper Agmt - 03/25 
19 
too low or high as compared to the actual continuing license and sales 
promotion program fees due to Company from Licensee each month. 
9.6 
Electronic Funds Transfer. Licensee must sign an electronic transfer of 
funds authorization, or other documents that Company designates periodically, 
to authorize and direct Licensee’s bank or financial institution to transfer 
either electronically or through some other method of payment Company 
designates, directly to the account of Company or its affiliates and to charge to 
the account of Licensee all amounts due to Company or its affiliates from 
Licensee. Licensee’s authorizations permit Company or its affiliates to 
designate the amount to be transferred from Licensee’s account. Licensee must 
maintain a balance in its account sufficient to allow Company and its affiliates 
to collect the amounts owed to them when due. Licensee is responsible for any 
penalties, fines or other similar expenses associated with the transfer of funds 
described in this subparagraph. Company may require Licensee to pay as 
described in this section, regardless of whether Company imposes the same 
requirement on other DQ® licensees. 
9.7 
Interest; Late Fees. All amounts owed by Licensee to Company or its affiliates 
under this agreement will bear interest at the lesser of 18% per annum or the 
maximum rate of interest permitted by governing law. Company may also 
charge Licensee a $50 fee for each late report or payment owed to Company 
under this agreement. This fee is not interest or a penalty, but compensates 
Company for increased administrative and management costs due to late 
payment. A payment is late if: 
(A) 
It is not received by Company on or before the date due; 
(B) 
The payment is received by Company on or before the date due, but is not 
honored by Licensee’s bank or financial institution; or 
(C) 
There are insufficient funds in Licensee’s bank account on or after the due 
date to collect a payment by the method of payment described in 
section 9.7. 
9.8 
Reports. 
(A) 
Monthly Report. Licensee must electronically (or using another method 
periodically required by Company) complete and submit to Company 
monthly reports with information from the previous calendar month on 
Company’s then-current form. The reports are due within 10 days after the 
end of each month. The report must include the following information: 
(1) 
Amount of gross receipts of the Restaurant; 
(2) 
Amount of sales tax; 
