 
DQT FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26   
35 
Percentage spent on Production 
 
U      46.1  
% 
Percentage spent on Media Placement 
 
U      26.2 
% 
Percentage spent on Administrative Expenses 
 
U      27.1 
% 
Percentage spent on Other 
 
U        0.6  
% 
 
TOTAL 
 
 
 
U100.0 
% 
Except as described in this paragraph, DQ® and Orange Julius® sales promotion program fees not 
spent in a fiscal year will be carried over for future use. In addition to its other programs, ADQ 
has the right to offer a local reimbursement or online credit program to certain franchisees if ADQ 
determines that the reimbursement is warranted for a particular restaurant or store. The availability 
of this program for a restaurant or store may be for a variable period of time and a variable amount 
of money, depending on the individual circumstances. If ADQ establishes such a program for your 
store, you may request reimbursement (or online credit, depending on the system available) of all 
eligible types of local media, promotions and promotional items you purchase up to the amount 
that has been determined by ADQ for your store. Unreimbursed funds at the end of the applicable 
period will not be carried over for future use by the particular restaurant, but will be used for other 
sales promotion activities in the DQ® and Orange Julius® systems, as determined by ADQ. 
 
DQ® sales promotion program fees are not used for advertising principally directed at the sale of 
franchises. 
 
Electronic Cash Registers; Computer Systems 
You must purchase, install and maintain an electronic point-of-sale (“EPOS”) system at your store, 
as designated by ADQ. The EPOS system includes designated hardware, software, peripherals, a 
managed firewall and installation. If you are opening a new restaurant, you must purchase all of 
the components of the EPOS system from ADQ’s designated vendors (see Item 8). The estimated 
initial cost to purchase the EPOS system hardware and installation from ADQ’s designated 
supplier ParTech, Inc., and hardware for the Acumera managed firewall will range from $20,800 
to $25,700.       
The EPOS system is an electronic cash and credit management system, which provides an interface 
for processing customer orders, collecting and managing information about the nature of sales 
transactions, and providing financial records of those transactions. The optional backoffice 
software provides certain reports, product inventory management, and time and attendance 
functionality for your employees.  The EPOS system will collect and report to ADQ a variety of 
information including overall sales, sales levels by item, item menu pricing, product movement 
statistics, individual unit and category sales data (including by flavor and size), various financial 
information to prepare store reports, and other information. 
Neither ADQ nor any affiliate is obligated to provide ongoing maintenance, repairs, upgrades or 
updates to you. You are required to purchase from ADQ’s designated vendor and pay for ongoing 
hardware warranty services for your EPOS system for $46 to $118 a month depending on the 
warranty package you choose.  In addition, as part of the ongoing software fees you will pay to 
some of the designated vendors, the vendors are obligated to provide certain maintenance and 
repair services for their software. You are required to make periodic upgrades and updates to the 
