4225 DQT Oper Agmt - 03/25 
12 
(C) 
Damage or Destruction. If the Restaurant is destroyed or damaged, 
Licensee must rebuild or repair the destroyed or damaged Restaurant at 
the Authorized Location in accordance with Company’s then current 
standards and specifications. If the Restaurant closed during rebuilding or 
repair, then the rebuilt or repaired Restaurant must open within 120 days 
(if a Captive-venue Location) or 270 days (if a Street Location) of the date 
of occurrence of its destruction or damage. 
6.10 Operating Procedures. Licensee must comply with the required standards, 
procedures, techniques, and management systems described in the Operations 
Manual relating to the development and operation of the Restaurant, including 
product preparation, menu, storage, uniforms, financial management, 
equipment, facility maintenance, and sanitation. Licensee must promptly notify 
Company of any claim or litigation in which Licensee is involved that arises from 
the operation of the Restaurant. 
6.11 Operations Manual. Company will provide on loan to Licensee, during the 
term of this agreement, a hard copy or electronic or online access to the 
Operations Manual. The Operations Manual will contain mandatory and 
suggested specifications, standards and operating procedures that Company 
develops for DQ® restaurants and information relating to Licensee’s other 
obligations. Any required specifications, standards and operating procedures 
exist to protect Company’s interest in the System and the Trademarks and to 
create a uniform customer experience, and not for the purpose of establishing 
any control or duty to take control over those matters that are reserved to 
Licensee.  Company may add to, and otherwise modify, the Operations Manual 
to reflect changes in authorized products and services, the Company required 
maximum, minimum, or other prices for Menu items, and specifications, 
standards and operating procedures of a DQ® restaurant. Company will 
provide Licensee with notification of any additions and modifications to the 
Operations Manual. The master copy of the Operations Manual that Company 
maintains at its principal office or on its website will control if there is a 
dispute involving the contents of the Operations Manual. Licensee must, at its 
expense, comply with all provisions of the Operations Manual. 
6.12 Proprietary or Confidential Information. 
(A) 
Use and Restrictions. Licensee does not acquire any interest in 
Confidential Information, other than the right to use it in developing 
and operating the Restaurant under this agreement. The use or 
duplication of the Confidential Information in any other business 
constitutes an unfair method of competition. The Confidential 
Information is proprietary and is Company’s trade secret. Licensee will: 
(1) 
not use the Confidential Information in any other business or 
capacity; 
(2) 
maintain the absolute confidentiality of the Confidential 
Information during and after the term of this agreement; 
