4225 DQT Oper Agmt - 03/25 
14 
6.14 Website and Other Online Communication. Company may require 
Licensee, at Licensee’s expense, to participate in websites or other online 
communication methods (collectively “online communication”) that Company 
sponsors or that are branded with any of the Trademarks. Company will 
determine the content and use of online communication and will establish the 
rules under which licensees generally, or Licensee in particular, must 
participate. Company retains all rights relating to any online communication 
and may alter or terminate any online communication at any time. Licensee’s 
general conduct on any online communication is subject to this agreement. 
Licensee’s access codes, identification codes and information Licensee receives 
through access to Company’s websites are considered Confidential 
Information. Licensee’s right to participate in online communication, or 
otherwise use the Trademarks or System on the internet, terminates when this 
agreement expires or terminates. 
6.15 Payment Methods. Licensee must allow its customers to pay for products by 
credit card, gift card, or other means or method of payment (electronic or 
otherwise) that Company periodically designates. Licensee must purchase and 
maintain at its own expense a subscription or other service contracts necessary to 
facilitate payment by any means or method of payment designated by Company. 
Company has designated a single supplier to administer and support all aspects 
of the Company’s gift card program. Licensee must sign the form of gift card 
participation agreement designated periodically by Company. 
6.16 Data Security. Licensee must comply with the Payment Card Industry (PCI) 
Data Security Standards and all other applicable data security standards. 
7. 
PERSONNEL AND SUPERVISION STANDARDS. 
7.1 
Pre-opening Training. Licensee must at its own expense comply with all of 
Company’s pre-opening training requirements for the Restaurant within 6 
months prior to the Restaurant opening. If Licensee fails to comply with 
Company’s pre-opening training requirements to Company’s reasonable 
satisfaction, Licensee cannot open or operate the Restaurant. 
7.2 
Ongoing Training. Licensee and its employees must meet Company’s ongoing 
training requirements at Licensee’s expense. 
7.3 
Training upon Default. If Licensee is in default of this agreement for failure 
to meet any operational standards, Company may require Licensee to comply 
with additional training requirements prescribed by Company at Licensee’s 
expense as a condition of curing the default. 
7.4 
In-Restaurant Training Program. Company may periodically make 
available, or provide electronic or another form of access, to Licensee an in-
restaurant training program at Licensee’s expense. Licensee may purchase 
Company’s in-restaurant training program and training updates. 
