DQ Participation Agreement 
 
 
 
6 
 
 
 
 
 
02/05/25 
 
will be charged an abort fee; or if PAR fails to arrive at the Participating Location or does not complete the 
installation due to the fault of PAR, then Participating Location will receive a credit as set forth on the Sales 
Order. Additionally, Participating Location shall be responsible for the payment of all fees for electrical 
work that must be performed by a licensed electrician, required by law in connection with the Installation 
Services, or any fees to comply with applicable government imposed environmental regulations including 
but not limited to elimination of certain chemical content and recycling fees. 
 
5. Advance Exchange Services. 
(a) Advance Exchange Services. PAR will provide the advance exchange services as to the Equipment 
(“AE Equipment”) identified and set forth in the Sales Order/Purchase Order (the “Advance Exchange 
Services”) as follows: PAR will provide 24/7 support, tracking and dispatch services and fully operational 
replacement Equipment for the AE Equipment, in accordance with this Section 5. The Advance Exchange 
Services include parts, labor, and materials to maintain, repair and replace the AE Equipment under normal 
use and service, and is provided for AE Equipment during the Advance Exchange Warranty Period (defined 
in Section 7(b)(i) below), except New Year’s Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, 
Thanksgiving Day, the Friday after Thanksgiving Day and Christmas Day. 
(b) Request for Advance Exchange Services. To request Advance Exchange Services and fully 
operational replacement Equipment, Participating Location must submit a request in accordance with 
Section 7(e) below and, in addition to the information required to be provided to PAR pursuant to Section 
7(e), Participating Location must provide PAR with: (i) all configuration requirements for the replacement 
Equipment, (ii) the failed AE Equipment’s model and serial number, and (iii) the address that the 
replacement Equipment is to be shipped (“ship-to address”). 
(c) Shipment of Replacement Equipment. PAR will ship replacement Equipment to Participating 
Location’s ship-to address, freight prepaid, with next day delivery within the United States for requests 
received prior to 4:00 p.m. (Eastern Time), Monday through Friday and 12:00 p.m. (Eastern Time), 
Saturday. Replacement Equipment will be shipped by a premium air freight carrier when PAR determines 
such method of shipment is appropriate. Participating Location must acknowledge receipt of replacement 
Equipment by signing the freight carrier air bill or similar shipping/delivery documentation accompanying 
the replacement Equipment. 
(d) Return of Defective AE Equipment. PAR will provide Participating Location with a pre-paid shipping 
label and packaging instructions for the return of the defective AE Equipment to PAR. Participating 
Location will return the defective AE Equipment to PAR using the corresponding replacement Equipment 
packaging (PAR will ship replacement Equipment in reusable packaging). Participating Location should be 
prepared to return ship the defective AE Equipment within two (2) business days of Participating Location’s 
receipt of the replacement Equipment; however, the defective AE Equipment must be returned to PAR no 
later than 14 days of Participating Location’s receipt of the replacement Equipment. If Participating 
Location fails to return the defective AE Equipment within such 14-day period, PAR will notify 
Participating Location that it has not received the return of the defective AE Equipment, and if Participating 
Location does not return such defective AE Equipment within 14 days after such notification, Participating 
Location will be required to purchase the replacement Equipment and pay a 10% restocking fee; and, if 
Participating Location fails to pay the invoice for such replacement Equipment, then the Equipment 
Warranty on the replacement Equipment will be ineffective until Participating Location’s account is 
current. PAR reserves the right to charge Participating Location PAR’s then-current time-and-materials 
rates for Advance Exchange Services provided to Participating Location when PAR determines that the root 
cause of the defective AE Equipment was as a result of events or circumstances described in Section 
7(b)(ii)) below. If PAR determines that more than 50% of the AE Equipment returned by Participating 
Location in any consecutive six (6) month period was not defective, Participating Location will be invoiced 
diagnostic and handling fees for each subsequent defective AE Equipment returned where no defect is 
found. 
