 
DQT FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26   
24 
copies of all insurance certificates to ADQ. ADQ has arranged with a third party insurer to make 
certain insurance, including liability insurance, available to qualifying franchisees. 
ADQ may require you to periodically purchase restaurant training materials from ADQ. See Item 6 
and 11 for more information. 
ADQ estimates that the purchase or lease of equipment (including computer and EPOS system 
hardware and software), signage, fixtures, furnishings, products, ingredients, supplies, advertising 
and sales promotion materials (see Item 11 for information on advertising and sales promotion 
materials), and services which meet ADQ’s specifications represent approximately 80% to 90% 
of the cost to establish the franchised business (excluding land) and 25% - 35% of the cost to 
operate the franchised business. 
ADQ provides no material benefit (such as renewal or granting additional franchise rights) based 
on your purchase of particular products or services or use of particular suppliers, but your franchise 
agreement obligates you to use products and services approved by ADQ. ADQ considers a number 
of factors when determining whether you might qualify for an additional franchise, including 
compliance with your franchise agreement and support of ADQ’s programs and policies. 
Approval of Alternate Suppliers 
 
ADQ has the right to approve the manufacturer, supplier or distributor of any approved products 
you purchase. If there is no agreement in place for a unified purchasing program, you may request 
approval in writing of a specific product from an alternate manufacturer, supplier, or distributor, 
of products other than those listed in (1) – (6) in the “Required Purchases” section above in this 
Item 8. ADQ only approves alternate manufacturers for products if doing so will not create an 
inordinate number of manufacturers of the product, and the manufacturer meets ADQ’s then-
current requirements. ADQ will not make product specifications available to you, but upon request 
will provide summary specifications to you to provide to a manufacturer to determine if there is 
an interest in producing the product. ADQ will provide a manufacturer with detailed written 
specifications for the product, or, if detailed written specifications are not available, ADQ will 
provide the manufacturer with a parameter specification or information about a comparison 
product for purposes of obtaining approval of the alternate manufacturer. ADQ may require you 
and the manufacturer to sign a non-disclosure agreement before providing information on 
specifications.  
ADQ uses the following criteria, which ADQ may change periodically, when evaluating an 
alternate product or manufacturer: 
• 
Compliance with ADQ’s specifications 
• 
Ability to supply a large number of restaurants or geographic areas 
• 
Ability of facility to meet ADQ’s requirements and accessibility for periodic evaluations 
• 
Completion of a successful facility inspection by ADQ and/or a designated third party 
auditor that, depending on the product, may need to be certified by a Global Food Safety 
Initiative (GFSI) recognized scheme 
• 
Acceptable food defense plan, supplier specification, HACCP plan, product recall process, 
24 hour contact information, and allergen control program 
