DQ Participation Agreement 
 
 
 
37 
 
 
 
 
02/05/25 
 
occurrences exceeding 60 seconds to calculate downtime. 
3. PARPay Service Level Credits. PAR shall issue a credit equal to the pro-rated portion of the monthly 
PARPay Service Fees for the downtime period attributable to PAR below the applicable threshold per month 
in accordance with the PARPay Transaction Availability Warranty set forth in the charts below (“Availability 
Warranty Credit”): 
 
 
PARPay Transaction 
Availability Warranty 
Service Level Credit/Refund 
Above 99.0%-99.9% 
30% of location’s monthly PARPay Service Fee 
Above 98.0% to 99.0% 
45% of location’s monthly PARPay Service Fee 
Above 95.0% to 98.0% 
60% of locations’ monthly PARPay Service Fee 
Above 90.0% to 95.0% 
80% of location’s monthly PARPay Service Fee 
90% or less 
100% of location’s monthly PARPay Service Fee 
 
All Availability Warranties set forth in this Section will be measured on a monthly basis over a twenty-four (24) 
hour period for each day of the applicable month in the aggregate for the PARPay Service Fees provided to 
Participating Location. 
 
4. PARPay Service Level Reporting and PARPay Service Level Credit Application. PAR will provide 
monthly reporting to Dairy Queen of PAR’s performance with respect to the PARPay Transaction Availability 
Warranty listed herein. Any PARPay Transaction Availability Warranty failures that result in PARPay Service 
Level Credits will be aggregated and cumulatively applied to the Participating Location(s) following month’s 
PARPay Service Fees. 
 
SECTION C: USE OF DEVICE SOFTWARE/PARPAY SERVICE. 
1. 
LICENSE AND RIGHT TO USE THE DEVICE SOFTWARE AND PARPAY SERVICE. 
Subject to the terms and conditions of these PARPay Terms, PAR grants Participating Location and 
Participating Location hereby accepts: (a) a personal, non-transferable, and non-exclusive right and limited 
license to use the payment application software (“Device Software”) on an approved payment application 
device; and (b) a personal, non-transferable, and non-exclusive right and limited license to use the PARPay 
Service implemented by the Device Software, as well as technical information or materials developed by PAR 
and provided to Participating Location in connection with the use of the PARPay Service (“User 
Documentation”), all solely for the purpose of processing credit/debit/gift card transactions for Participating 
Location’s business (“Purpose”). The use of any third party software shall also be subject to the terms and 
conditions of any end user license agreement provided for such software. 
 
2. 
USAGE RESTRICTIONS - Participating Location shall not directly or indirectly access or use the 
Device Software or the PARPay Service to process data or information for any person or entity other than 
Participating Location, and neither Participating Location nor Participating Location’s Authorized Users shall 
use or permit the Device Software or PARPay Service to be used as a service bureau. These PARPay Terms do 
not give Participating Location’s customers any right to use the Device Software or PARPay Service. 
Participating Location may not resell or transfer Participating Location’s right to use the Device Software or 
PARPay Service to any third party, including without limitation any resellers or distributors. Participating 
