 
DQT FDD 3/25, as amended 1/26  
16 
Type of Fee 
AmountP(1) 
Due DateP(5) 
Remarks 
Training 
Cancellation or 
Trainee 
Substitution 
Fee 
$100 - $1,000 
Upon 
cancellation or 
substitution of 
new trainee 
Fees for cancelling training are:  
$150 for cancelling phase 1 and 2 more than 
14 days before the training class; 
$750 for cancelling phase 1 and 2 fourteen 
or less days before the training class;  
$1,000 for cancelling phase 3  twenty one or 
less days before the training class. 
If you pay training tuition for the attendee, 
ADQ will withhold the cancellation fee from 
your refund. If you pay an initial franchisee 
fee and the tuition is included, you must pay 
the cancellation fee to ADQ. 
 
You must pay a trainee substitution fee of 
$200 if you substitute a new individual to 
attend training less than 14 days before a 
training class. 
 
(1) 
Except where otherwise noted, all fees are payable to ADQ or one of ADQ’s affiliates, are 
uniformly imposed and are nonrefundable.  
(2) 
If you are a conversion franchisee who signs the soft-serve only conversion addendum in 
Exhibit C, you will carry over your continuing license fee for DQ® soft-serve products 
(i.e., keep the same rate as your soft-serve only agreement for these products) and pay 5% 
of gross sales for all other products. If you are a conversion franchisee who signs the NSF 
conversion addendum in Exhibit C, you pay the same continuing license fee on soft-serve 
products as contained in your existing DQ® franchise agreement. You do not pay a 
continuing license fee on food menu products for the first 36 full months after the Effective 
Date. Starting with the 37th full month, you must pay a continuing license fee of 5% of 
“Food Sales” minus “Base Food Sales.” Food Sales and Base Food Sales are defined in the 
applicable conversion addendum. 
 
If you are relocating a store under ADQ’s relocation policy, you will carry over your 
continuing license fee from your existing franchise agreement for years 1-5 of the new 
franchise agreement. For years 6-10, your continuing license fee will be the mid-point 
between the continuing license fee in effect for years 1-5 and 5%. For example, if you paid 
2% of Gross Sales for years 1-5, then you must pay 3.5% of Gross Sales (the mid-point 
between the 2% continuing license fee applicable to years 1-5 and the standard 5% 
continuing license fee in the franchise agreement) as a continuing license fee for years 6-
10. For year 11 and throughout the remainder of the franchise agreement, you must pay 
5% of Gross Sales, as detailed in the table above. 
 
If you are renewing a franchise agreement entered into prior to April 2007 that contains a 
6% continuing license fee and a requirement to modernize, you must sign the Renewal 
Addendum included in Exhibit B and your continuing license fee will remain at 6% until 
the modernization is complete, when it will be decreased to 5%. 
