 
DQT FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26   
39 
(4) Phases 1 and 2 occur in DQ® locations certified and designated by ADQ and owned by either 
franchisees or ADQ’s affiliates. Phase 3 occurs in ADQ’s franchisee support center or another 
location designated by ADQ.  ADQ may, but is not required to, conduct phase 3 training online or 
virtually if circumstances warrant. 
 
Your required attendees must successfully complete each phase of ADQ’s training program to 
ADQ’s satisfaction. ADQ will evaluate your required attendees based on attendance, participation, 
presentations, progress in the training program, leadership, and other similar factors. Attendees 
who fail to fulfill these standards, or who violate ADQ’s code of conduct for the training program, 
may be prohibited from completing ADQ’s training program. You will not be allowed to open and 
operate your store until all required attendees complete all required training components. 
Angie Ballinger oversees all of ADQ’s training programs and has done so in her capacity as Vice 
President, Restaurant Training & CurriculumsinceApril 2024. As of the date of this disclosure 
document, in addition to Ms. Ballinger, ADQ’s training department consists of a Director of 
Training and 7 field training consultants, who have experience ranging from 8 to 40 years, and 20-
40 restaurant training specialists who may be employed by ADQ or a franchisee. Although 
experience varies among restaurant training specialists, all are required to successfully complete 
ADQ’s certified trainer training program.  
Prior to attending ADQ’s training program, your required trainees must pass the MTRA, which is 
administered by a third party at a location designated by ADQ. The MTRA measures leadership, 
customer service, decision-making, prioritizing and business math, and may be modified by ADQ 
at any time. If a trainee fails the MTRA, the test may be repeated after 30 days; if the trainee fails 
the MTRA on the second attempt, the test may be repeated after one year. No trainee may repeat 
the MTRA more than three times.  Your required attendees must also have current SERVSAFE 
certification, which will only be recognized by ADQ if received through a course that is part of or 
equivalent to the National Restaurant Association’s SERVSAFE program. SERVSAFE courses 
are offered online, and at various universities, vocational schools and community colleges. 
You must pay for ADQ’s training program (either through the initial franchise fee or otherwise, 
depending on your circumstances) prior to sending any attendees. You are responsible for paying 
any training fees, costs, travel, living expenses, salaries, benefits and other expenses associated 
with sending your attendees to ADQ’s training program, the MTRA, and a SERVSAFE course; 
see Item 7 for a cost estimate. 
If you are relocating a restaurant under ADQ’s relocation policy, you must comply with the then-
current training requirements and pay all related costs and fees. What, if any, aspects of training 
your required attendees must complete will depend on your individual circumstances. 
If you receive a default notice and the default relates, in whole or in part, to your failure to meet 
any operational standards, ADQ has the right to require you to comply with ADQ’s additional 
training requirements at your expense and at the then-current training fees as a condition of curing 
the default. 
The franchisee’s controlling owner (as defined in the franchise agreement) must, at your expense, 
attend all meetings ADQ holds or sponsors in your area or region including all DMA or other 
marketing area meetings, and all meetings relating to new products or product preparation 
