4225 DQT Oper Agmt - 03/25 
8 
fullest extent the law allows, Company may require Licensee to offer items on 
the Menu at the maximum, minimum, or other prices that Company specifies 
from time to time. Company may periodically make modifications to the Menu 
and Licensee must comply with any modifications. Licensee must not offer or sell 
any other product or service at the Restaurant without Company’s prior written 
consent. 
6.2 
Authorized Ingredients and Supplies. Licensee must only use in the 
operation of the Restaurant and in the preparation of products the ingredients, 
recipes, formulas and supplies specified by Company. Licensee must prepare 
products in the portions, sizes, appearance and packaging specified by Company 
in the Operations Manual or otherwise communicated in writing. Licensee must 
secure at its own expense all necessary permits or approvals for the use and sale 
of all products, supplies and ingredients in and from the Restaurant. All supplies, 
including cones, cups, containers, eating utensils, and napkins, and all other 
customer service materials of all descriptions and types must meet the 
reasonable standards of uniformity and quality as now or hereafter are set by 
Company. 
6.3 
Powders. The Powders are secret formulas. Their composition or formula will 
not be, and is not required to be, disclosed to Licensee. Licensee must not resell 
(at retail or otherwise), make, manufacture, alter, adulterate or dilute the 
Powders, or any substitute for the Powders, or similar products and must 
maintain in secrecy any information it acquires about the Powders. Company 
may refer to the Powders by other terms, including compounds. Licensee must 
purchase exclusively from Company’s designated supplier (which may be 
Company or an affiliate) the Powders and the frozen orange juice concentrate 
used in Orange Julius® products. 
6.4 
Approved Products, Services, and Equipment. 
(A) 
Company will periodically publish lists of approved products (including 
ingredients of approved products), approved services, and approved 
equipment (including an approved menu board system (dine in and drive-
thru, if applicable)). Licensee must use only the approved products, 
approved services, and approved equipment in the Restaurant described in 
the approved products, services, and equipment lists, as they may be 
periodically modified by Company. Licensee may not test, offer, or sell 
any new or unapproved products without Company’s prior written 
consent. 
(B) 
Although they may be approved by Company, Company makes 
no warranties and expressly disclaims all warranties, 
including warranties of merchantability and fitness for a 
particular purpose, with respect to products (including 
ingredients), services, equipment (including the EPOS System, 
any required Computer Systems, and any menu board system), 
supplies, fixtures, furnishings, or other approved items. 
