10.4. 
Suspension of Service. If Participating Location's account is fifteen (15) days or more overdue, in addition 
to any of its other rights or remedies, Acumera reserves the right to suspend the Service provided to 
Participating Location, without liability to Acumera, until such amounts are paid in full; provided, however, 
that prior to any such suspension, Acumera shall provide Participating Location with at least ten (10) days' 
prior written notice that payment is overdue and the date upon which Services will be suspended if payment 
is not received. Acumera may require an activation fee to change or resume a suspended Account. 
10.5. 
Payment of Fees. In the event of Participating Location's breach of the terms of this Agreement, including 
without limitation, failure to pay any sum due hereunder, in addition to other remedies and recoveries 
provided for hereunder (e.g., for early termination), Participating Location shall reimburse Acumera for all 
attorney's fees, court, collection and other costs incurred by Acumera in the enforcement of Acumera's 
rights hereunder and Acumera may keep any deposits or other payments made by Participating Location. 
11.
Billing Disputes. To dispute an Invoice, or a portion thereof, Participating Location must, within thirty (30) days of
the date on the Invoice ("Dispute Due Date"), submit a written claim fully documenting the reasons for the dispute
(the "Claim") via certified or overnight mail, return receipt requested, to the address below. After receipt of the Claim,
Acumera shall undertake an investigation of the Claim, so long as Participating Location has not waived its rights
pursuant to this paragraph to make the Claim. At the conclusion of the investigation, Acumera will notify
Participating Location of any amount determined by Acumera to be correctly charged and such amount will become
immediately due and owing. If the Claim is not sent by the Dispute Due Date, Participating Location waives all rights
to dispute the applicable Charges, unless otherwise provided by law. All billing disputes must be sent to the Billing
Department at the address listed in the first paragraph of this Agreement, and to bcreceivables@acumera.com
12.
Taxes. Federal, state, local, county, municipal and other governmental or regulatory agencies may assess
taxes, including, without limitation, excise, franchise, sales, value-added, use, personal and real property taxes,
surcharges, tariffs or fees (collectively, "Taxes") on Participating Location's purchase or use of the Services or
Equipment. These Taxes may change from time-to-time, with or without notice to Participating Location. Participating
Location is responsible for the payment of all applicable Taxes now in force or enacted in the future. The Taxes are in
addition to the amounts paid for the Services and Equipment. If Participating Location is exempt from any or all
Taxes, it must provide Acumera with an original certificate that satisfies applicable legal requirements attesting to its
tax-exempt status. Tax exemption shall only apply from and after the date that Acumera receives such valid
certificate. If any amounts paid by Participating Location for the Services are refunded by Acumera to the
Participating Location, applicable Taxes may not be refundable.
13.
Termination.
13.1. 
Master Termination. If Dairy Queen terminates the Master Agreement for an uncured material Breach of 
Contract, this Agreement will terminate immediately and no further fees will be due for Products or Services 
under this Agreement. Acumera may, at Acumera's option and expense, require Participating Location to 
return Products supplied under this Agreement. Termination shall not relieve Participating Location of the 
obligation to pay any Fees accrued or payable to Acumera prior to the effective date of termination. Should 
Participating Location elect to continue to use Acumera's Services past the date of termination of the 
Master Agreement, the portions of this Agreement which do not concern duties of Dairy Queen will remain in 
full force and effect, and Participating Location is responsible for all fees incurred as long as Services are 
being used. In no case will this Agreement extend beyond the Initial Term, if the Master Agreement has 
been terminated prior to the end of the Initial Term, or beyond the end of the current Renewal Term, if the 
Master Agreement has been terminated after the end of the Initial Term. 
13.2. 
Termination. Either party may terminate this Agreement for any reason or for no reason at the end of a 
Term or Location Term by giving written notice to the other party not less than thirty (30) days prior to the 
end of the then current Term. Participating Location may terminate this Agreement only in accordance with 
the termination conditions set forth in this Agreement. 
13.3. 
Early Termination. If Participating Location desires to terminate this Agreement prior to the end of the Initial 
Term or Initial Location Term ("Early Termination"), Participating Location shall give Acumera notice, 
pursuant to Section 23, of its intent to terminate early thirty (30) days prior to the desired termination date. 
Termination shall not relieve Participating Location of the obligation to pay any Fees accrued or payable to 
Acumera prior to the effective date of termination. Participating Location shall also be responsible for paying 
an early termination charge according to the following schedule: 
Months Paid Under this Agreement 
Termination Fee* 
0-12 
$1000 
12 - 24 
$500 
