 
DQT FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26   
37 
Site Selection and Development Time 
You must locate and obtain a site that meets ADQ’s standards and criteria and that is acceptable 
to ADQ within 90 days after the date ADQ approves your franchise application. The general site 
selection and evaluation criteria you should consider include the quality of the trade area and the 
strategic fit of the site within the trade area, residential and daytime employment, attributes of the 
trade area that generate potential traffic and traffic patterns, ease of ingress and egress, pedestrian 
access and convenience, physical attractiveness of the host building or real estate, end-cap with 
drive-thru capability on shopping centers and fuel centers, demographic information and consumer 
behavior information, competition, signage, site and building design requirements or restrictions, 
local marketing support and similar factors. You must obtain ADQ’s approval of the building plans 
and location prior to commencing construction of the store. In certain circumstances, ADQ may 
identify a site and may assist in purchase or lease negotiations. You are under no obligation to 
accept the proposed site. ADQ’s identification of, or consent to, a site does not constitute a 
guarantee, recommendation, assurance or endorsement as to the success of the site or your store. 
ADQ’s consent indicates only that ADQ believes that the particular site falls within its criteria as 
of the time period encompassing the evaluation. Application of site criteria that have been effective 
for other sites does not predict the potential success of any specific site. 
From the time you submit a site to ADQ for consideration, ADQ will generally respond within 60 
days, or less, depending on the status of negotiations to secure the site, the level of ADQ’s 
involvement in the identification of the site, and other factors. If you and ADQ are unable to agree 
to a site within 90 days of ADQ’s approval of your franchise application, ADQ has the right to 
retract the application approval and to refund your initial franchise fee less the non-refundable 
deposit of $10,000. 
The typical length of time between ADQ’s acceptance of the franchise agreement and the opening 
of your business varies from 4 to 8 months. This period can be longer or shorter depending upon 
the time of year, availability of and securing financing, preparation of full building plans for 
permitting, municipality approval process, how quickly your site is identified and secured, 
development stage of the shopping center or mall, local construction delays, how soon your 
managers are selected and attend training, or other factors. You should not expend funds or make 
any other commitment in connection with the franchise and should not resign from employment, 
relocate or take any similar action until ADQ’s final acceptance of your application and written 
approval of the franchise. 
Training 
There are currently three required components to training: (1) the MTRA; (2) SERVSAFE 
certification; and (3) ADQ’s training program, which is made up of 3 phases. The following 
individuals must pass the MTRA, obtain SERVSAFE certification and successfully attend ADQ’s 
training program (as defined in Item 15 and referred to as “required attendees”): your designated 
manager and one assistant manager if you are developing your first DQ® Treat store, or your 
designated manager if you are an ARD franchisee. 
ADQ’s training program is summarized in the tables below, and ADQ has the right to periodically 
alter the training program.  
