 
DQT FDD 3/25, as amended 1/26  
3
restaurants and specialty ice cream treat outlets, specialty fruit beverage (primarily smoothies), 
snack food, or treat establishments, including members of other regional and national chains and 
franchise systems. Sales of Dairy Queen® products may be seasonal in areas of the United States 
with cooler climates during part of the year. The market for quick service food restaurants, 
specialty ice cream treat outlets, and specialty fruit beverage, snack food and treat establishments 
is well developed and highly competitive. 
Licenses and Permits 
In addition to laws and regulations that apply to businesses generally, DQ® Treat stores are subject 
to various federal, state and local government regulations, including those relating to site location 
and building construction; privacy and data security; food and menu labeling; storage, preparation 
and sale of food and beverage products including packaging and certain ingredient restrictions (e.g., 
those relating to trans fat); dairy and meat products; and health, sanitation and safety. ADQ strongly 
encourages you to investigate these regulations and other laws that may be applicable to your 
business before you purchase the franchise. It is your sole responsibility to abide by any applicable 
laws and regulations, and to obtain and keep in place all necessary licenses and permits.  
Business of ADQ 
ADQ’s business includes administering its franchise system, establishing and conducting sales 
promotion programs for DQ® products and providing various services to its franchisees (see Items 8 
and 11). In addition, since ADQ’s incorporation, ADQ has operated DQ® restaurants and stores on 
an interim basis. ADQ does not operate any company-owned DQ® Treat stores as of the date of 
this disclosure document, although, as explained further below, ADQ’s affiliate, DQTR, owns and 
operates two DQ Grill & Chill® restaurants.  
In addition to the franchise offered under this franchise disclosure document, ADQ offers 
franchises for other concepts through separate franchise disclosure documents: 
• DQ Grill & Chill®. ADQ offers single and multiple unit franchises for the operation of DQ 
Grill & Chill® restaurants, which are quick service food restaurants with indoor seating (and 
outdoor, in certain locations) from which a franchisee sells the full line of approved soft-
serve, treat, food and beverage menu items. 
 
• Texas DQ® Restaurant. Due to historical factors unique to Texas, ADQ offers single and 
multiple unit franchises in Texas for DQ® restaurants with a food menu different than the DQ 
Grill & Chill® food menu, which is called “Texas Country Food.” The DQ® restaurant 
multiple unit franchises permit a franchisee to establish and operate a specific number of 
DQ® restaurants at authorized locations in Texas within a specific geographic or trade area 
under separate franchise agreements for each restaurant. 
In November 2021, ADQ’s affiliate, Orange Julius of America (OJA), transferred and assigned all 
of its right, title and interest in and to its Orange Julius® and other trademarks, as well as all of its 
right, title and interest in and to the Orange Julius® franchise system and existing Orange Julius® 
franchise agreements, to ADQ.  Since that time, ADQ’s business has included administering the 
Orange Julius® franchise system, establishing and conducting sales promotion programs for 
