 
43 
G&C FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26 
leasable area; (2) transportation terminals; (3) food service centers, residence halls, or student unions 
on college/university campuses; (4) sports stadiums or adventure or theme parks; or (5) retail or 
commercial buildings and facilities of at least 150,000 square feet; (6) any institutional locations, 
including, but not limited to public buildings, airports, schools, hospitals, factories, turnpikes, toll roads, 
universities, and existing or hereafter established U. S. Military establishments; or (7) any other DQ® 
units authorized under pre-existing agreements or commitments with other franchisees or territory 
operators. Also, during the term of a MultiTRA, ADQ has the right to issue DQ® restaurant or 
store franchises under any trademark or operate DQ® restaurants or stores under any trademark at 
any location, as determined by ADQ, outside your development area or trade areas, including those 
near your authorized locations. 
Both during and after the term of a MultiTRA, ADQ and its affiliates have the right to issue 
franchises or operate competing company-owned businesses under any new or different 
trademarks, service marks, trade names and commercial symbols (including Orange Julius®) other 
than the DQ Grill & Chill®, Dairy Queen®, DQ®, or any other trademarks for or at any locations, 
both within and outside of your trade areas, including those near your authorized locations. Upon 
termination or expiration of the MultiTRA, ADQ may issue Dairy Queen®, DQ®, and DQ Grill 
& Chill® restaurant or store franchises or operate company-owned restaurants or businesses at any 
location, as determined by ADQ, within and outside your former trade areas, including those near 
your authorized locations. 
There are no territorial or customer restrictions on your sales from your store, and you are not 
required to compensate other franchisees, nor are you entitled to receive compensation from other 
franchisees or ADQ based on sales from a restaurant or store. You are not, however, granted any 
right under any franchise agreement, or MultiTRA to sell products and menu items identified by 
the Trademarks, or any of ADQ’s affiliates’ trademarks, or any other trademarks: (1) at any 
location other than your store; or (2) through resale or any other channels or methods of 
distribution, including the internet (or any other existing or future form of electronic commerce 
such as social media, mobile applications, third party platforms and the metaverse), catalog sales, 
telemarketing or other direct marketing and pre-packaged retail sales, except as ADQ may 
authorize or require in writing for all or part of the franchise system. 
As described in Item 1, ADQ and its affiliates offer franchises under different trademarks that sell 
some, but not all, products similar to those you will offer in your DQ Grill & Chill® restaurant.  
 
• Texas DQ® Restaurant. ADQ offers single and multiple unit DQ® restaurant franchises 
in Texas under the DQ® trademark, which sell substantially the same soft-serve and treat 
products, but with a different food menu. 
 
• DQ® Treat. ADQ offers single unit DQ® Treat franchises under the DQ®/Dairy Queen® 
and DQ®/Orange Julius® trademarks, which sell substantially the same soft-serve and 
treat products, with a limited number of substantially similar food items, and certain 
additional treat and snack products. 
 
Neither ADQ nor its affiliates own or operate any DQ® Treat stores, Texas DQ® restaurants, or 
Orange Julius® stores. ADQ’s affiliate, DQTR, owns and operates DQ Grill & Chill® restaurants, 
as described in Item 1. The DQ Grill & Chill®, DQ® Treat, Texas DQ® restaurant, and Orange 
