4025 G&C Oper Agmt – 3/25 
12 
Company of any claim or litigation in which Licensee is involved that arises from 
the operation of the Restaurant. 
6.11 Operations Manual. Company will provide on loan to Licensee, during the 
term of this agreement, a hard copy or electronic or online access to the 
Operations Manual. The Operations Manual will contain mandatory and 
suggested specifications, standards and operating procedures that Company 
develops for DQ® restaurants and information relating to Licensee’s other 
obligations. Any required specifications, standards and operating procedures 
exist to protect Company’s interest in the System and the Trademarks and to 
create a uniform customer experience, and not for the purpose of establishing 
any control or duty to take control over those matters that are reserved to 
Licensee.  Company may add to, and otherwise modify, the Operations Manual 
to reflect changes in authorized products and services, the Company required 
maximum, minimum, or other prices for Menu items, and specifications, 
standards and operating procedures of a DQ® restaurant. Company will 
provide Licensee with notification of any additions and modifications to the 
Operations Manual. The master copy of the Operations Manual that Company 
maintains at its principal office or on its website will control if there is a 
dispute involving the contents of the Operations Manual. Licensee must, at its 
expense, comply with all provisions of the Operations Manual. 
6.12 Proprietary or Confidential Information. 
(A) 
Use and Restrictions. Licensee does not acquire any interest in 
Confidential Information, other than the right to use it in developing 
and operating the Restaurant under this agreement. The use or 
duplication of the Confidential Information in any other business 
constitutes an unfair method of competition. The Confidential 
Information is proprietary and is Company’s trade secret. Licensee will: 
(1) 
not use the Confidential Information in any other business or 
capacity; 
(2) 
maintain the absolute confidentiality of the Confidential 
Information during and after the term of this agreement; 
(3) 
not make unauthorized copies of any Confidential Information 
disclosed in written form nor input or use any Confidential 
Information in any open source artificial intelligence program; 
(4) 
adopt and implement all reasonable procedures Company directs 
to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of the Confidential 
Information, including restrictions on disclosure to Restaurant 
employees; 
(5) 
not reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble any of Company’s 
proprietary products, formulas, ingredients, or software; and 
