State Addendum (G&C Oper Agmt) - 3/25 
 
ADDENDUM TO 
DQ GRILL & CHILL® 
OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR THE 
STATE OF NORTH DAKOTA 
 
This Addendum will pertain to franchises sold in the State of North Dakota and will be for 
the purpose of complying with North Dakota statutes and regulations. 
 
1. 
Notwithstanding anything contained in subparagraph 12.1(D) of the Operating 
Agreement, any arbitration proceeding shall take place in the city nearest to the Authorized Location 
in which the American Arbitration Association shall maintain an office and facility for arbitration, 
or at such other location as may be mutually agreed upon by the parties. 
 
2. 
Notwithstanding anything contained in subparagraph 14.6 of the Operating 
Agreement, covenants not to compete during the term of and upon termination or expiration of the 
Operating Agreement are enforceable only under certain conditions according to North Dakota law.  
If the Operating Agreement contains a covenant not to compete that is inconsistent with North 
Dakota law, the covenant may be unenforceable. 
 
3. 
Any release executed in connection with a renewal shall not apply to any claims 
that may arise under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law. 
 
4. 
The choice of law other than the State of North Dakota may not be enforceable 
under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law.  If the laws of a state other than North Dakota 
govern, to the extent that such law conflicts with North Dakota law, North Dakota law will control.   
 
5. 
The waiver of punitive or exemplary damages may not be enforceable under the 
North Dakota Franchise Investment Law.   
 
6. 
The waiver of trial by jury may not be enforceable under the North Dakota 
Franchise Investment Law.  
 
7. 
The requirement that a franchisee consent to termination or liquidated damages has 
been determined by the Commissioner to be unfair, unjust and inequitable within the intent of the 
North Dakota Franchise Investment Law.  This requirement may not be enforceable under North 
Dakota law. 
 
8. 
The Operating Agreement states that Licensee must consent to the jurisdiction of 
courts located outside the State of North Dakota.  This requirement may not be enforceable under 
North Dakota law.  
 
 
 
 
 
Licensee’s Initials 
 
American Dairy Queen Corporation’s 
 
 
Initials 
 
 
