DQ Participation Agreement 
 
 
 
44 
 
 
 
 
02/05/25 
 
negligent or willful misconduct of the Participating Location; or (z) any violation of Lawby Participating 
Location or its sub-contractors and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, suppliers, successors 
and assigns or any of their respective employees, officers, directors, agents or representatives. 
 
SECTION K: GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
a. Money Damages Insufficient. Any breach by Participating Location or PAR of these PARPay Terms or 
violation of the other party’s Intellectual Property Rights could cause irreparable injury or harm to the other 
party. The other party may seek a court order to stop any breach or avoid any future breach. 
 
b. Governing Law. These PARPay Terms shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of 
the State of Delaware. 
c. Force Majeure. PAR and Participating Location shall not be liable for any delay in performance under 
these PARPay Terms resulting from any cause beyond PAR or Participating Location’s reasonable control, 
including without limitation, any act of God, fires, storms, floods, explosions, strikes, work stoppages or 
slowdowns, or other industrial disputes, legal action, failure or delay of supplies from ordinary sources, 
accidents, riots, war or civil disturbances, or acts of civil or military authorities. 
d. Entire Agreement and Changes. These PARPay Terms and the Sales Order constitute the entire 
agreement between the parties with respect to PARPay Services and Device Software, and supersede all 
prior or contemporaneous negotiations, agreements and representations, whether oral or written, related to 
this subject matter. The sole terms and conditions governing the purchase of the PARPay Services from 
PAR are contained in these PARPay Terms and any terms or conditions contained on the face or back of 
any Participating Location purchase order or other document shall be without effect. No modification or 
waiver of any term of these PARPay Terms is effective unless both parties sign it. 
e. No Assignment. Neither Participating Location or PAR may assign or transfer these PARPay Terms or an 
order to a third party, without prior written consent of the other party, which shall not be unreasonably 
withheld; provided, however, these PARPay Terms with all orders may be assigned as part of a merger, or 
sale of all or substantially all of the business or assets, of a party and PAR may use a subcontractor to 
perform all or part of the PARPay Services provided hereunder. PAR shall remain responsible for the 
performance of each subcontractor and its employees and for their compliance with these PARPay Terms. 
f. Independent Contractors. The parties are independent contractors with respect to each other. 
g. Enforceability. If any term of these PARPay Terms is invalid or unenforceable, the other terms remain in 
effect. 
h. Survival. Any terms that by their nature survive termination or expiration of these PARPay Terms, will 
survive including but not limited to indemnification, choice of law, and confidentiality. 
i. 
CISG Not Apply. The Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods does not apply. 
j. Notices. Notices shall be deemed given upon receipt. Any notices required to be given shall be in writing 
and in the case of notice to Participating Location, shall be sent to the billing address or fax number on the 
Sales Order. In the case of notice to PAR, such notice shall be sent via postage prepaid certified mail or by 
overnight courier to: ParTech, Inc. (Attn: Legal Department); ParTech Technology Park; 8383 Seneca 
Turnpike; New Hartford, NY 13413-4991. 
