   
       
9 
 
Customer to Customer Data and will thereafter, unless legally prohibited, delete all Customer Data in its systems 
or otherwise in its possession or under its control. 
 
11.6 
Surviving Provisions.   The following provisions shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this 
TOU: Sections 1, 4, 5, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, and 12. 
 
12. General Provisions. 
 
12.1 
Relationship of the Parties. The parties shall at all times act as independent contractors and 
licensor/licensee. Nothing contained in this TOU shall be deemed to constitute a partnership or joint venture between 
the parties, nor shall any party be deemed the employee, agent, or representative of the other. Neither party shall have 
any authority whatsoever, whether express or implied, to assume, create, or incur any obligation or liability whatsoever 
on behalf or in the name of the other, or to bind the other in any manner whatsoever. Neither party shall hold itself out 
contrary to the provisions of this Section. 
 
12.2 
No Third-Party Beneficiaries. There are no third-party beneficiaries to this TOU. The Service, results of 
the Service or use of the Service, and any information furnished to or procured by Customer by or through the Service 
is solely for the benefit of Customer, and no third party is entitled to rely on the same. 
 
12.3 
Notices. Any notice or other communication which is required or permitted under this TOU shall be in 
writing and shall be deemed to have been given, delivered, or made, as the case may be (notwithstanding lack of actual 
receipt by the addressee), (i) on the date sent if delivered personally or by e-mail, cable, telecopy, telegram, telex, or 
facsimile (which is confirmed), or (ii) three (3) business days after having been deposited in the United States mail, 
certified or registered, return receipt requested, sufficient postage affixed and prepaid, or (iii) one (1) business day 
after having been deposited with a nationally recognized overnight courier service (such as by way of example, but 
not limitation, U.S. Express Mail, Federal Express, or Airborne), to the parties at the addresses in the Initial Order 
Form (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified by like notice). 
 
12.4 
Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of either party in exercising any right or remedy with respect to a 
breach of this TOU by the other party shall operate as a waiver thereof or of any prior or subsequent breach of this 
TOU by the breaching party, nor shall the exercise of any such right or remedy preclude any other or future exercise 
thereof or exercise of any other right or remedy in connection with this TOU. Any waiver must be in writing and 
signed by the waiving party. 
12.5 
Severability. If any section, subsection, or provision or the application of such section, subsection, or 
provision of this TOU is held invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the remainder of this TOU and the obligation of such 
section, subsection, or provision to persons or circumstances other than those to which it is held invalid, illegal, or 
unenforceable shall not be affected by such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability. 
 
12.6 
Assignment. Neither party may assign any of its rights or delegate any of its duties under this TOU, directly 
or indirectly by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the other party. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, this TOU may be assigned by either party, together with a delegation of all duties of that party, and 
without the consent of the other party, in connection with a sale of all of the stock of the assigning party or a sale 
of all or substantially all of the assets of the assigning party in a single transaction or series of related transactions 
that would be considered to be part and parcel of a single transaction. Any attempted assignment in violation of this 
Section shall be void. This TOU shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties to this TOU, and their 
respective legal representatives, trustees, successors, and permitted assigns. 
 
12.7 
Applicable Law; Attorneys’ Fees to Prevailing Party. This TOU shall be governed in its construction, 
interpretation, and performance by the laws of the State of New York and the United States, as applicable, without 
reference to law pertaining to choice of laws or conflict of laws. In the event of any litigation arising out of or relating 
to this TOU or the breach, termination, validity, or enforcement of this TOU, venue shall be in the Supreme Court 
in and for New York County, New York, or the Manhattan Division of the United States District Court for the Southern 
District of New York, as applicable. In the event of any litigation arising out of or relating to this TOU or the 
breach, termination, validity, or enforcement of this TOU, the prevailing party shall be 
