DQ Participation Agreement 
 
 
 
16 
 
 
 
 
 
02/05/25 
 
identified as “training terminal” before POS installation. 
1.2.7. Contact Participating Location approximately 7 days prior to Go-Live to review 
Participating Location readiness requirements. 
1.2.8. Contact the Participating Location approximately 3 business days prior to the installation 
date to review the installation scope and confirm Participating Location’s readiness 
requirements have been completed. 
1.2.9. Contact Participating Location during Go-Live and review Dairy Queen Day of Go-Live 
Checklist as set forth in the Installation Guide. 
 
1.3. POS Training Services 
PAR will provide POS training documentation and materials to each Participating Location prior 
to installation. POS Training Services to include the following: 
1.3.1. Provide a Dairy Queen branded Brink POS user guide including reference materials such 
as how to perform cashier functions, manager functions, set menu prices and taxes, run 
Brink reports, and general system use. Refer to the Brink POS Manager/Owner Training 
Guide as set forth in the Installation Guide. 
 
1.4. POS System Staging and Delivery Services 
PAR will load the PAR terminals and kitchen controllers with the Licensed Software and 
approved Microsoft Windows Operating System. PAR will configure the system in accordance 
with the Dairy Queen System Configuration Procedure as set forth in the Installation Guide. POS 
System Staging Services to include the following: 
1.4.1. PAR will configure kitchen video controllers, POS terminals, and specified peripherals as 
defined in the Dairy Queen System Configuration Procedure to minimize installation 
efforts and promote consistency across installations. 
1.4.2. Maintain POS image for PAR terminals and kitchen controllers including operating 
system, device drivers and settings, and Licensed Software “DQ POS Image”. 
1.4.3. Activate the Participating Location with store specific location ID. 
1.4.4. Ship the Equipment set forth on Participating Location Sales Order to the destination 
provided, to arrive approximately seven (7) calendar days prior to the scheduled 
installation date for existing locations or approximately three (3) calendar days prior to the 
scheduled installation date for new construction or remodeled locations. Shipping costs 
will be invoiced to the Participating Location. Any expedited shipping requests must be 
pre-approved by the Participating Location and PAR and Participating Location will be 
required to pay to PAR any additional shipping charges. 
1.4.5. Deliver Equipment with instruction for inside delivery only with signature required by an 
authorized representative of Participating Location upon delivery; provided however, if a 
Participating Location has limited hours of operation when an authorized representative 
may not be present to sign for the delivery, the Participating Location should inform PAR 
of such limited hours when placing its order with PAR. If there is no representative at the 
Participating Location to accept and sign for the delivery, then the carrier will take the 
Equipment back and attempt to make delivery two (2) more times to the Participating 
Location. After the third attempt, the Equipment will be returned to PAR by the carrier 
and the Participating Location will be required to pay to PAR any additional shipping 
charges or other charges, including any Rescheduling Fees, prior to any further attempt at 
delivery of the Equipment. 
 
1.5. POS Installation Services 
PAR will provide Installation Services to the Participating Location for all Equipment set forth on 
