4025 G&C Oper Agmt – 3/25 
20 
(A) 
Licensee must keep its Business Records, and the information, data and 
statistics that are the basis for the Business Records, for at least 5 full 
calendar years from the date of preparation or any longer period 
required by applicable law. 
(B) 
Business Records must be compiled, kept and submitted to Company on 
the forms, in the manner (electronically or another format), and using the 
methods of bookkeeping and accounting that Company periodically 
prescribes. Licensee must provide this information to Company according 
to reporting formats, methodologies and time schedules periodically 
established by Company. Upon Company’s request, Licensee must submit 
tax returns relating to the Restaurant to Company. 
9.10 Audit. 
(A) 
On-site Audit. Company or its authorized representative may at all times 
during the business day enter the premises where Licensee keeps its 
Business Records, and evaluate, copy and audit the Business Records. 
(B) 
Off-site Audit. In addition to or instead of an on-site audit, Company may 
require Licensee to give Company, at Licensee’s expense, copies of the 
Business Records requested by Company. 
(C) 
Understatement of Gross Sales. In addition to any other rights 
Company may have, if any audit reveals that the Restaurant’s Gross Sales 
have been understated by 3% or more, Licensee must reimburse 
Company for all costs of the audit, including salaries, outside accountant 
fees, outside attorneys’ fees, copying costs, postage, travel, meals, and 
lodging (“audit costs”), and for all audit costs incurred in connection any 
additional periodic on-site or off-site audits of the Business Records that 
Company reasonably deems necessary for up to 2 years after the initial 
audit. Upon Company’s request, Licensee must submit tax returns for all 
Owners to Company. If Licensee intentionally understates or underreports 
Gross Sales, continuing license fees, or sales promotion program fees, or if 
an additional audit conducted within the 2-year period reveals an 
understatement or variance of 3% or more, in addition to any other 
remedies provided for in this agreement, at law or in equity, Company 
may terminate this agreement in accordance with section 13.2(C). 
(D) 
Sales Reconstruction.  In order to verify the information supplied by 
Licensee in the Business Records, Company may reconstruct Licensee’s 
sales through the inventory extension method or any other reasonable 
method of analyzing and reconstructing sales. Licensee will accept a 
reconstruction of sales unless Licensee provides evidence in a form 
satisfactory to Company of Licensee’s actual sales within 14 days from the 
date that Company provides notice to Licensee of the understatement. Any 
amounts payable to Company because of the understatement are due 
immediately at the end of the 14 days. 
