DQ Participation Agreement 
 
 
 
27 
 
 
 
 
 
02/05/25 
 
Participating Location for any Losses directly arising from: (y) the negligent or willful 
misconduct of the Participating Location; or (z) any violation of Law by Participating Location or 
its sub-contractors and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, suppliers, 
successors and assigns or any of their respective employees, officers, directors, agents or 
representatives. 
 
c. By Participating Location. If a third-party alleges that the Participating Location Data infringes 
or violates a right of that third-party, Participating Location shall defend PAR against that claim 
at Participating Location’s expense and pay all costs, damages, and attorney's fees, that a court 
finally awards or that are included in a settlement approved by Participating Location, provided 
that PAR: 
i. promptly notifies Participating Location in writing of the claim; and 
ii. allows Participating Location to control, and cooperates with Participating Location in, the 
defense and any related settlement. 
 
10. MISCELLANEOUS OTHER TERMS. 
a. Money Damages Insufficient. Any breach by Participating Location or PAR of these SSS Terms 
or violation of the other party’s Intellectual Property Rights could cause irreparable injury or 
harm to the other party. The other party may seek a court order to stop any breach or avoid any 
future breach. 
b. Force Majeure. PAR and Participating Location shall not be liable for any delay in performance 
under these SSS Terms resulting from any cause beyond PAR or Participating Location’s 
reasonable control, including without limitation, any act of God, fires, storms, floods, explosions, 
strikes, work stoppages or slowdowns, or other industrial disputes, legal action, failure or delay of 
supplies from ordinary sources, accidents, riots, war or civil disturbances, or acts of civil or 
military authorities. 
c. Entire Agreement and Changes. These SSS Terms and the order constitute the entire agreement 
between the parties, and supersede all prior or contemporaneous negotiations, agreements and 
representations, whether oral or written, related to this subject matter. The sole terms and 
conditions governing the purchase of the SSS from PAR are contained in these SSS Terms and 
any terms or conditions contained on the face or back of any Participating Location purchase 
order or other document shall be without effect. No modification or waiver of any term of these 
SSS Terms is effective unless both parties sign it. 
d. No Assignment. Neither Participating Location or PAR may assign or transfer these SSS Terms 
or an order to a third party, without prior written consent of the other party, which shall not be 
unreasonably withheld; provided, however, these SSS Terms with all orders may be assigned as 
part of a merger, or sale of all or substantially all of the business or assets, of a party. 
e. Independent Contractors. The parties are independent contractors with respect to each other. 
f. Enforceability. If any term of these SSS Terms is invalid or unenforceable, the other terms 
remain in effect. 
g. Survival. Any terms that by their nature survive termination or expiration of these SSS Terms, 
will survive including but not limited to Sections 3, 4, 5, 6, 8, 9 and 10. 
h. CISG Not Apply. The Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods does not 
apply. 
i. 
Notices. Notices shall be deemed given upon receipt. Any notices required to be given shall be in 
writing and in the case of notice to Participating Location, shall be sent to the billing address or 
fax number on the SSS order. In the case of notice to PAR, such notice shall be sent via postage 
prepaid certified mail or by overnight courier to: ParTech, Inc. (Attn: Legal Department); 
ParTech Technology Park; 8383 Seneca Turnpike; New Hartford, NY 13413-4991. 
