 
 
10 
 
entitled to recover all costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees incurred,  including, without  limitation,  costs and attorneys’ fees incurred 
in any investigations, trials, bankruptcies, and appeals. 
 
12.8 
Dispute Resolution. 
 
12.8.1 In the event of any dispute, controversy, or claim arising out of or related to this TOU or to a breach hereof, whether based in 
contract, tort, or statute, including its interpretation, scope, formation, performance, or termination (“Dispute”), the parties hereto shall 
attempt to settle such Dispute by amicable discussions between two senior executives of RM and Customer having the specific 
authority to settle the Dispute within fifteen (15) days after one party giving notice to the other of existence of the Dispute. 
 
12.8.2 If no settlement is reached by this meeting of the parties, the parties shall attempt in good faith to resolve the dispute through 
mediation in Tampa, Florida, or such other place as the parties may otherwise agree, with the assistance of a mutually agreeable mediator. 
Such mediation will take place within ninety (90) days after notice of the Dispute. 
 
12.8.3 If no settlement is reached at mediation, then either party shall be free to commence litigation pursuant to the terms of this 
TOU. The provisions of Sections 12.8.1 and 12.8.2 shall not apply to breaches of Sections 2.2, 2.3, 5.1, a n d 7, for which the non-
breaching party may proceed immediately to seek temporary and/or preliminary injunctive relief. 
 
12.9 
Construction. This TOU shall not be construed more strictly against any party regardless of who is responsible for its drafting. 
Unless the context of this TOU otherwise clearly requires, references to the plural include the singular and the singular include the 
plural. Wherever the context so requires, the masculine shall refer to the feminine, the feminine shall refer to the masculine, the 
masculine or the feminine shall refer to the neuter, and the neuter shall refer to the masculine or the feminine.   The captions of this TOU 
are for convenience and ease of reference only and in no way define, describe, extend, or limit the scope or intent of this TOU or the 
intent of any of its provisions. 
 
12.10 
Entire Agreement. This TOU, including all exhibits and addenda hereto and all Order Forms executed hereunder, constitutes 
the entire agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter hereof. All prior understandings and agreements between the 
parties relating to the subject matter hereof are merged in this TOU, which alone and completely expresses their understanding. This 
TOU may not be altered, amended, or changed except by written instrument signed by and on behalf of each of the parties hereto. In the 
event of any conflict between the provisions in this TOU and any exhibit or addendum hereto, or Order Form executed hereunder, the 
terms of such exhibit, addendum, or Order Form shall prevail to the extent of any inconsistency. Notwithstanding any language to the 
contrary therein, no terms or conditions stated in a Customer purchase order or in any other Customer order documentation (excluding 
Order Forms) shall be incorporated into or form any part of this TOU, and all such terms or conditions shall be null and void. 
 
12.11 
Counterparts. This TOU may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original instrument, 
but all of which counterparts together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
 
 
[Not for Signature] 
 
