DQ Participation Agreement 
 
 
 
24 
 
 
 
 
 
02/05/25 
 
5. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS. 
a. Reservation of Rights by PAR. The software, workflow processes, user interface, designs, 
know-how, Licensed Software and Documentation, and other technologies provided by PAR as 
part of the SSS are the proprietary property of PAR and its licensors, and all right, title and 
interest in and to such items, including all associated intellectual property rights, remain only with 
PAR. PAR reserves all rights therein unless expressly granted in theses SSS Terms. PAR shall 
have a royalty-free, worldwide, transferable, sublicenseable, irrevocable, perpetual license to use 
or incorporate into the SSS any suggestions, enhancement requests, recommendations or other 
feedback provided by Participating Location or its users relating to the operation of the SSS. 
b. Participating Location Restrictions. Participating Location may not: 
i. Use the SSS or the Licensed Software and Documentation beyond its internal operations; 
ii. Reverse engineer the SSS or the Licensed Documentation; 
iii. Remove or modify any proprietary marking or restrictive legends in the SSS or Licensed 
Software and Documentation; or 
iv. Access the SSS or use the Licensed Software and Documentation to build a competitive 
service or product, or copy any feature, function or graphic for competitive purposes. 
c. Participating Location Owned Data. All data uploaded by Participating Location remains the 
sole property of Participating Location, as between PAR and Participating Location 
(“Participating Location Data”), subject to the other terms of these SSS Terms. Participating 
Location grants PAR the right to use the Participating Location Data solely to the extent 
necessary to perform its obligations under these SSS Terms. Participating Location grants PAR 
the right to use non-identifiable aggregate Participating Location Data for purposes of reviewing 
and auditing performance of the SSS and improving the platform. Upon request, PAR will 
provide comma-separated files containing TLD (as defined below) data and Participating 
Location records. 
d. Consent to Release Data to Dairy Queen. 
i. 
Participating Location hereby authorizes PAR to disclose, release and transmit any and all 
data collected by PAR from the point of sale (POS) systems in each of Participating 
Location’s sites to Dairy Queen, its subsidiaries and affiliates, including without limitation 
sales, labor, inventory, product mix, and data compiled or derived from such data. This 
authorization does not extend to any data that constitutes personally identifiable information 
about franchisee's employees, customers, representatives, agents, suppliers or vendors. 
ii. 
In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any agreement between Participating 
Location and PAR, Participating Location acknowledges that the disclosures and 
transmissions to Dairy Queen, its subsidiaries and affiliates authorized in the previous 
paragraph shall not constitute a breach of the confidentiality obligation, or any other 
obligation (whether express or implied) of PAR under any such agreement, whether such 
agreement was entered into before, on or after the Effective Date of this Participation 
Agreement. PAR may rely on this authorization in making such disclosures and transmissions 
to Dairy Queen, its subsidiaries and affiliates. 
 
6. TERM, TERMINATION, SUSPENSION OF SSS AND RETURN OF DATA. 
a. Term. The Initial Term of these SSS Terms shall begin upon Activation of the SSS in such 
location, and unless earlier terminated by either Participating Location or PAR pursuant to the 
terms set forth in these SSS Terms or this Participation Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) 
years. These SSS Terms shall automatically renew at the end of the Initial Term for additional 
successive periods of one (1) year (the “Renewal Term(s)”). The Initial Term and the Renewal 
Term(s) shall be referred to herein collectively as the “Term”. 
