 
11 
G&C FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26 
for breach of contract against the franchisee’s estate, trademark infringement against the estate 
and the property owner, and other violations of law against both defendants.  ADQ seeks damages, 
a declaration that the franchise agreement is terminated, injunctive relief enjoining the defendants’ 
trademark infringement, and other relief.  On July 24, 2025, the court entered an Order granting 
ADQ a temporary injunction requiring the defendants immediately cease all use of ADQ’s 
trademarks.  Defendants subsequently filed an Answer and Counterclaim seeking damages for 
alleged breach of contract for wrongful termination, declaratory judgment that they have not 
abandoned the franchise, injunctive relief prohibiting termination of the franchise and other relief.  
ADQ denies defendants’ claims and intends to vigorously defend against them. 
 
Oshlo-Wilkinson Dairy Queen vs. American Dairy Queen Corporation (District Court of 
Pottawattamie County, Iowa, #LACV127235, filed Nov. 11, 2025).  The plaintiff initiated this suit 
claiming that ADQ is breaching its contract with Oshlo-Wilkinson and is violating the Iowa Franchise 
Act by not allowing a transfer of rights to another party.  The issues in the case are whether Oshlo-
Wilkinson has the contractual and exclusive right to sublicense DAIRY QUEEN restaurants in 
Pottawattamie County, Iowa, and whether ADQ has the contractual right to consent or to condition 
Oshlo-Wilkinson’s transfers of DAIRY QUEEN restaurants.  Plaintiff seeks damages and declaratory 
relief.  ADQ denies the claims and will vigorously defend itself.   
 
Concluded Cases 
 
Rodney Johnson and Food Ventures, Inc. vs. American Dairy Queen Corporation (American 
Arbitration Association, No. 01-16-0005-3571, filed December 9, 2016).  Claimants, a DQ Grill 
& Chill franchisee and its owner, initiated this arbitration claiming that ADQ unlawfully 
encroached upon their franchise by franchising another DQ Grill & Chill restaurant in what they 
allege is too close a proximity to their restaurant.  Claimants alleged that the encroachment caused 
a decline in their restaurant’s sales and profitability.  They claimed that ADQ’s actions violated 
the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act and the Washington Consumer Protection 
Act and alleged breach of contract, breach of the implied covenant of good faith and tortious 
interference with business expectancy.  On August 5, 2017, the parties entered into a settlement 
agreement under which claimants are allowed to pay ADQ a reduced royalty fee and advertising 
fee for set periods and avoid the modernization requirement for the next transfer of the franchise 
since the restaurant recently had been remodeled to current image.  ADQ also paid claimants 
$25,000. 
 
American Dairy Queen Corporation. vs. Universal Investment Corporation f/k/a Neos Corporation 
(United States District Court, Western District of Wisconsin, No: 16-cv-323, filed May 16, 
2016).  ADQ commenced this action against the defendant franchisee seeking a declaratory 
judgment that ADQ properly terminated defendant’s franchise agreement after defendant failed to 
comply with numerous contractual requirements and then failed to timely cure its defaults of the 
franchise agreement after notice from ADQ.  ADQ also sought injunctive relief and damages under 
the Lanham Act for defendant’s infringement of ADQ’s trademarks.   Defendant counterclaimed 
against ADQ alleging claims for violation of the Wisconsin Fair Dealership Law, tortious 
interference with contract, and several counts of intentional breach of contract.  On August 25, 
2017, the court granted ADQ’s motion for partial summary judgment and dismissed defendants 
claim for tortious interference.  The parties settled the remaining claims on December 11, 2017 
