4025 G&C Oper Agmt – 3/25 
16 
8.3 
Approved Materials. Licensee must only use the sales promotion or other 
advertising materials that Company furnishes or makes available to Licensee, or 
that Company approves for use in Licensee’s sales promotion activities. 
(A) 
Company Provided Materials. 
(1) 
Company may periodically make available sales promotion or other 
advertising materials to Licensee at a reasonable cost. Licensee 
must purchase these materials; however, Company may at its 
option periodically include the cost of these materials in the sales 
promotion program fee paid under section 9.3.  
(2) 
Licensee cannot transfer sales promotion or advertising materials 
that Company furnishes or makes available to Licensee to any third 
party or allow a third party to use them. Sales promotion and other 
advertising materials produced by the national marketing fund 
(“NMF”) administered by Company are licensed only to current 
NMF participating DQ® restaurants and stores, and may not be 
transferred to or used in any way by or in non-NMF participating 
DQ® restaurants and stores. 
(B) 
Licensee Developed Materials. Licensee must submit all sales 
promotion or other advertising materials developed by Licensee to 
Company for Company’s written approval prior to use. 
(1) 
Examples of sales promotion or advertising materials that Company 
must approve include menu board transparencies, counter mats, 
counter mat inserts, posters, billboard paper or vinyl, newspaper 
inserts, lawn signs, banners, menu board or register toppers, 
window clings, cake freezer merchandising, stanchions/display 
point-of-purchase, TV and radio creative, online communication, 
electronic or mobile media, loyalty programs, and direct mail. 
(2) 
Company will not unreasonably withhold approval of any sales 
promotion or other advertising materials that Licensee proposes to 
use, as long as Licensee’s materials are factually accurate, current, 
in good condition, in good taste, of like quality to and not in conflict 
with sales promotion and other advertising materials Company 
furnishes or makes available to Licensee, and accurately depict the 
products and Trademarks. 
(3) 
Company owns and can use and permit others to use any sales 
promotion or other advertising materials, ideas, concepts or 
programs developed by Licensee. 
9. 
FEES, REPORTING, AND AUDIT. 
9.1 
Initial Franchise Fee. Licensee must pay to Company an initial franchise fee 
of $45,000, which has been paid prior to or upon the date of execution of this 
