 
G&C MultiTRA Agmt – 3/25 
-5- 
3. 
FEES 
 
3. 
Developer agrees to pay to Company the following fees: 
 
A. 
Trade Area Reservation Fee.   As consideration for the rights granted herein, 
Developer must, upon execution of this Agreement, pay Company a non-refundable trade area 
reservation fee equal to $22,500  multiplied by the total number of openings required on 
Appendix B (the “Trade Area Reservation Fee”). The Trade Area Reservation Fee is deemed 
fully earned and non-refundable upon execution of this Agreement by Company..  
 
 
B. 
Initial Franchise Fees.  Developer shall pay to Company, at the time Developer 
submits the application for an Operating Agreement, the then current initial franchise fee for a 
newly developed DQ Grill & Chill® Restaurant.  As long as Developer is in compliance with this 
Agreement, Company will reduce the then-current initial franchise fee Developer is required to 
pay at the time of application by $22,500 for each Restaurant up to the required number of 
openings under this Agreement.   
 
 
C. 
Other Fees under Operating Agreements.  In addition to the Trade Area 
Reservation Fee and the initial franchise fee, Developer shall pay, as and when due, all fees, 
charges and assessments (including all continuing license fees and sales promotion program fees) 
set forth in each Operating Agreement. 
4. 
TERM 
4. 
Unless the Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with Section 9, the term of this 
Agreement shall expire at the end of the final Term Year set out in Appendix B. Except as provided 
herein, Developer has no right to any extension or renewal of this Agreement. 
 
5. 
DEVELOPER’S OTHER OBLIGATIONS 
5. 
Developer agrees to comply with the following terms and conditions: 
 
A. 
Designated Supervisory Executive and Supervisors.  Developer must designate 
one full-time senior executive (the “Designated Supervisory Executive”) to be responsible for 
supervising all day-to-day business activities of Developer under this Agreement and managing 
all of Developer’s Supervisors (as defined below).  In addition, Developer must employ at least 
one full-time supervisor (the “Supervisor”) for each 8 DQ Grill & Chill® Restaurants it opens 
and operates pursuant to this Agreement.  Each Supervisor will be responsible for supervising the 
operation and administration of the DQ Grill & Chill® Restaurants under his or her control and 
managing the designated managers and assistant managers of such Restaurants.  For the first 8 
DQ Grill & Chill® Restaurants Developer opens and operates pursuant to this Agreement, the 
Designated Supervisory Executive may fill the role of Supervisor for such Restaurants, provided 
he or she is not managing any other Supervisors.  Once the Designated Supervisory Executive 
manages any Supervisors, however, the Designated Supervisory Executive may no longer fill the 
role of Supervisor for any of the Restaurants.  Developer’s Designated Supervisory Executive and 
Supervisors must personally invest their full time and attention and devote their best efforts to 
their supervisory and management duties relating to Developer’s DQ Grill & Chill® Restaurants.  
Developer’s Designated Supervisory Executive must attend and successfully complete the 
required training described below and serve as the Supervisor for the first DQ Grill & Chill® 
Restaurant Developer opens and operates.  Until this obligation is satisfied, Developer may not 
commence construction of its second DQ Grill & Chill® Restaurant. Developer will identify its 
Designated Supervisory Executive and Supervisors, along with its principal owners, on the 
Ownership and Management Addendum attached to this Agreement.  
