   
       
2 
 
use the Service for Customer’s internal business purposes in operating its restaurant business from and for the Stores 
identified in Customer’s Order Forms under this TOU. RM will provide Customer with one or more unique 
identifications and passwords so that Customer’s Users will be able to access and use the Service as provided in this 
TOU. Customer will be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of its identifications, shared log-ins,and 
passwords and for all activities and charges resulting from their use, including, but not limited to, 
unauthorized use. 
 
2.2 
No Implied License. Customer acknowledges and agrees that this TOU shall in no way be construed to 
provide to Customer any express or implied license: 
(i) 
to copy, reproduce, modify, change, alter, translate, improve, prepare derivative works based on, decompile, 
disassemble, reverse engineer, sell, rent, lease, distribute, sublicense, or otherwise transfer its right to access and use the 
Service; or 
 
(ii) 
to use the Service in any outsourcing, time sharing, service bureau, or other similar enterprise; or 
 
(iii) 
to use the Service from or for any Store not identified in an Order Form or to use the Service provided under a 
single subscription from or for more than one Store; or 
 
(iv) 
to use the Service other than as expressly set forth in Section 2.1; 
 
and Customer expressly agrees not to take any of the foregoing actions. All rights not expressly granted under this 
TOU are reserved to RM. 
 
2.3 
Restrictions on Use of Service. Customer agrees to use the Service only for lawful purposes. Customer 
will not engage in any conduct involving the Service that would constitute a criminal offense or give rise to civil 
liability under any United States or foreign federal, state, local, or other law, rule, regulation, treaty, or convention, 
or that would in any way compromise the national security of the United States or any other nation. Customer will be 
responsible for any wrongful or unlawful acts or omissions of its employees, contractors, agents, and representatives 
with respect to the Service, and shall have sole responsibility for notifying its employees, agents, contractors, and 
representatives of the terms, conditions, and restrictions contained in this TOU and for securing their agreement to be 
bound by the same. 
 
3. 
Provision and Use of the Service. 
 
3.1 
Quality of the Service. During the term of this TOU the functionality of the Service will not be materially 
decreased from that available as of the Effective Date. 
 
3.2 
RM Responsibilities. RM shall: (i) in addition to its confidentiality obligations under Section 7, not use, 
edit, or disclose to any party other than Customer the Customer Data, unless Customer and RM agree to participate 
in a shared data reporting service, in connection with any distribution system to which Customer is a party, or unless 
otherwise authorized under this TOU; (ii) ensure the security, integrity, and confidentiality of the Service and the 
Customer Data against destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized access or disclosure to third parties while in the 
possession or under the control of RM or RM agents; (iii) provide telephone and/or online support to Customer’s DCR 
as provided in Section 6; and (iv) use commercially reasonable efforts to make the Service generally available 24 
hours a day, 7 days a week, except for: (a) planned downtime of which RM shall give at least 24 hours notice via e-
mail to Customer’s designated contact, which may be changed by Customer by written notice to RM, and which RM 
shall schedule to the extent reasonably practicable during non- peak hours as determined by RM; and (b) any 
unavailability caused by circumstances beyond RM’s control, including, but not limited to, acts of God, acts of 
government, flood, fire, earthquake, weather, civil unrest, acts of terror, strikes or other labor problems, computer, 
telecommunications, Internet service provider or hosting facility failures or delays involving hardware, software, or 
power systems not within RM’s possession or control, and network intrusions or denial of service attacks. 
 
3.3 
Customer Responsibilities. In addition to those responsibilities in Section 6.3 and elsewhere, Customer 
will be responsible for procuring and maintaining, at its own expense, all hardware, software, communication 
