DQ Participation Agreement 
 
 
 
20 
 
 
 
 
 
02/05/25 
 
 
 
SCHEDULE B 
to Participation Agreement 
 
SUBSCRIPTION SOFTWARE SERVICES 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
1. RESTAURANT POINT OF SALE SOFTWARE SERVICE. 
a. These Subscription Software Services (“SSS”) Terms and Conditions (“SSS Terms”) provides 
Participating Location with a license and right to use and access PAR’s proprietary web-based 
restaurant point of sale software service. 
b. PAR will provide the Subscription Software Services or SSS through a hosted server environment 
and through a licensed desktop software client (“Licensed Software”) that will act as the 
interface to the SSS. PAR hereby grants Participating Location a personal, non-transferable, and 
non-exclusive right and limited license to use the Licensed Software and all digital and printed 
documentation, training material, and other documentation and material provided by PAR to 
Participating Location (“Documentation”) in connection with the SSS solely for the purpose of 
managing Participating Location’s internal business. 
 
2. USE OF SSS. 
a. Participating Location Support. PAR shall provide Participating Location with Level 1 and 
Level 2 Help Desk Support Services for the SSS as set forth in Exhibit A to this Schedule B. 
b. Employee and Contractor Access and Use. Participating Location may allow its employees and 
contractors to access the SSS in compliance with the terms of these SSS Terms, which access 
must be for the sole benefit of Participating Location. Participating Location is responsible for its 
employees and contractors’ compliance with these SSS Terms. 
c. Participating Location Responsibilities. Participating Location: (i) is solely responsible for the 
accuracy and completeness of the Participating Location Data (defined below) and all activity in 
its account in the SSS; (ii) must use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent unauthorized 
access to its account in the SSS and notify PAR promptly of any such unauthorized access; and 
(iii) may use the SSS only in accordance with the Documentation and applicable Law. 
d. Restrictions: Participating Location may not: (i) directly or indirectly access or use the Licensed 
Software or the SSS to process data or information for any person or entity other than 
Participating Location, and neither Participating Location nor its authorized users shall use or 
permit the SSS to be used as a service bureau, (ii) sell, resell, sublicense, loan, rent or lease the 
Licensed Software or the SSS, (iii) use the SSS to store or transmit infringing, unsolicited 
marketing emails, libelous, or otherwise unlawful or tortious material, or to store or transmit 
material in violation of third-party rights, (iv) interfere with or disrupt the integrity or 
performance of the SSS, or (iv) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the SSS or their related 
systems or networks. 
 
3. SERVICE LEVEL AGREEMENT, DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION 
OF LIABILITY. 
a. SSS Availability Warranty. PAR warrants to Participating Location, (i) PAR will maintain the 
online availability of the SSS for a minimum of availability in any given month as provided in the 
Transaction Availability Warranty and the General Availability Warranty charts below 
