 
36 
G&C FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26 
DQ® sales promotion program fees currently are not used for advertising principally directed at 
the sale of franchises. 
 
Electronic Cash Registers; Computer Systems 
You must purchase, install and maintain an electronic point-of-sale (“EPOS”) system at your 
restaurant, as designated by ADQ.  The EPOS system includes designated hardware, software, 
peripherals, back office workstation, a managed firewall and installation. If you are opening a new 
restaurant, you must purchase all of the components of the EPOS system from ADQ’s designated 
vendors (see Item 8). The estimated initial cost to purchase the EPOS system hardware and 
installation from ADQ’s designated supplier ParTech, Inc., hardware for the Acumera managed 
firewall, and the launch fee for the Data Central back office software, will range from $25,500 to 
$33,000.   
The EPOS system is an electronic cash and credit management system, which provides an interface 
for processing customer orders, collecting and managing information about the nature of sales 
transactions, providing financial records of those transactions, managing product inventory and 
providing time and attendance functionality for your employees. The EPOS system will collect 
and report to ADQ a variety of information including overall sales, sales levels by item, item menu 
pricing, product movement statistics, individual unit and category sales data (including by flavor 
and size), various financial information to prepare restaurant reports, and other information. 
Neither ADQ nor any affiliate is obligated to provide ongoing maintenance, repairs, upgrades or 
updates to you. You are required to purchase from ADQ’s designated vendor and pay for ongoing 
hardware warranty services for your EPOS system for $72 to $150 a month depending on the 
warranty package you choose.  In addition, as part of the ongoing software fees you will pay to 
some of the designated vendors, the vendors are obligated to provide certain maintenance and 
repair services for their software. You are required to make periodic upgrades and updates to the 
EPOS system, and there are no contractual limitations on the frequency and cost of this 
requirement.  
In addition to the initial costs for the EPOS system, there are required monthly service fees for the 
ParBrink, Data Central, Olo and Punchh software for the EPOS, back office systems, and mobile 
app ranging from $408 to $481 a month.  You also must pay Olo a per transaction fee of 0.25% 
for each order processed by Olo.  Help desk and software support costs are included in this monthly 
fee.  Copies of the participation agreements that you must sign with these vendors are included in 
this disclosure document as Exhibit F. 
To enable ADQ’s access to your EPOS system, you must install one DSL or cable/broadband 
internet connection, or other necessary communication access device, that is exclusively 
designated and permanently connected to your EPOS system. There are no contractual limitations 
on ADQ’s right to access the information generated by your EPOS system, although ADQ may 
choose not to poll information from all restaurants and stores. You must have access at all times 
to the internet, and must maintain and regularly use an active email account or other form of 
electronic communication that ADQ designates, and keep ADQ informed of your contact 
information. 
