 
31 
G&C FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26 
Item 11: Franchisor’s Assistance, Advertising, Computer Systems, and Training 
Except as listed below, ADQ is not required to provide you with any assistance. 
Pre-opening Assistance. Before you open your restaurant, ADQ will: 
1. Provide you with design information or prototypical design intent plans described in Item 7 
(design services agreement included as Exhibit G). 
 
2. Advise you in the selection of a contractor for the construction of your restaurant facility, 
assist you in the negotiation of construction bids and assist you with equipment installation 
at the appropriate time if you purchase or are otherwise entitled to receive ADQ’s 
construction consultation services, as described in Item 7 (construction consultation 
services agreement included as Exhibit H). 
 
3. Furnish or make available to you, through the ADQ website or otherwise, confidential lists 
of approved equipment, signage, fixtures and furnishings (franchise agreement section 
6.4(A)). 
 
4. Provide the mandatory training program described later in this Item 11 (franchise 
agreement section 7.1). 
 
5. Provide on loan to you, a hard copy or electronic or online access to ADQ’s system 
standards and operations manual and resource guides (“Operations Manual”) (franchise 
agreement section 6.11). The Operations Manual is confidential and proprietary, and you 
must keep it confidential as stated in Item 14 of this disclosure document. The tables of 
contents for ADQ’s current Operations Manual is included in this disclosure document as 
Exhibit I. The current number of pages devoted to each subject is indicated on the tables 
of contents and the total number of pages in the Operations Manual is 469. 
Ongoing Assistance. During the operation of your restaurant, ADQ will: 
1. Provide on-site pre-opening and opening assistance (franchise agreement section 2.2) for 
up to 40 person days if you are developing your first DQ Grill & Chill® restaurant, and up 
to 30 person days if you are developing an ARD restaurant. 
 
2. Periodically update the Operations Manual and notify you of any additions or 
modifications to the Operations Manual (franchise agreement section 6.11). 
 
3. Periodically publish updated lists of approved products, ingredients, services, and 
equipment to assist you in purchasing approved products (franchise agreement section 6.4). 
 
4. Periodically make available to you, electronically or otherwise, an in-restaurant training 
program for use in training your employees (franchise agreement section 7.4). 
 
5. Periodically hold or sponsor meetings for you and other franchisees (franchise agreement 
section 7.7). 
