 
35 
G&C FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26 
The CMAC has eight franchisee advisors.  In 2026, seven are elected and 1 is appointed by DQC.  
Starting in 2027, four are elected and four are appointed by DQC.  The OPAC and the TAC are 
each comprised of eight franchisee advisors appointed by ADQ and DQC, six from the US and 
two from Canada.  ADQ has the power to form, change, or dissolve the councils, and has the right 
to change how franchisee membership on the councils is determined.    
Use of Funds 
The accounting for the funds used for DQ® national and DMA activities and materials are 
reviewed by an independent national accounting firm on an annual basis. This review consists 
principally of applying analytical procedures to the financial data and of making inquiries of 
persons responsible for financial and accounting matters. ADQ currently makes available to DQ® 
franchisees a copy of the annually prepared statements of contributions, expenditures and balance 
for the national (NMF), DMA (consolidated) and individual DMA in which your restaurant is 
located along with the Independent Accountants’ Review Report. In addition, each DMA can 
request that an audit of its DMA activities be conducted at the expense of that DMA. Currently 
ADQ annually convenes a committee from the MAC to conduct its own review of the accounting 
for the marketing funds. 
Use of the combined sales promotion payments from all types of DQ® businesses in the 2024 
fiscal year is as follows: 
Percentage spent on Production 
 
 
19.7 
% 
Percentage spent on Media Placement 
 
     66.8 
% 
Percentage spent on Administrative Expenses 
 
       4.3 
% 
Percentage spent on Other(1) 
 
       9.1 
% 
TOTAL 
 
 100.0 
% 
(1) 
Includes amounts spent on audits, the Children’s Miracle network, certain point-of-sale 
items, research and the franchise advisory councils expenses. 
The above percentages vary if you calculate the allocations at the individual restaurant level, by 
area or group of restaurants, or by type of DQ® business. 
Except as described in this paragraph, DQ® sales promotion program fees not spent in a fiscal 
year will be carried over for future use. In addition to its other programs, ADQ has the right to 
offer a local reimbursement or online credit program to certain franchisees if ADQ determines that 
the reimbursement is warranted for a particular restaurant or store. The availability of this program 
for a restaurant or store may be for a variable period of time and a variable amount of money, 
depending on the individual circumstances. If ADQ establishes such a program for your restaurant, 
you may request reimbursement (or online credit, depending on the system available) of all eligible 
types of local media, promotions and promotional items you purchase up to the amount that has 
been determined by ADQ for your restaurant. Unreimbursed funds at the end of the applicable 
period will not be carried over for future use by the particular restaurant, but will be used for other 
sales promotion activities in the DQ® system as determined by ADQ. 
 
