CONFIDENTIAL 
   
       
 
 
TERMS OF USE FOR AMERICAN DAIRY QUEEN STORES 
 
 
Effective Date: 12/1/2018 
 
These Terms of Use (“TOU”) are made and entered into effective as of the above-identified “Effective Date”  by 
and between AccSys, Inc., a Florida corporation d/b/a Restaurant Magic Software with its principal place of business 
at 4010 West Boy Scout Blvd, Suite 300, Tampa, FL 33607 (“RM”) and the above-identified “Customer.” 
 
For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree 
as follows: 
 
1. 
Definitions. As used herein, the following terms shall have the respective meanings set forth below: “Service” 
means the back office restaurant service, including associated offline components, provided by RM. 
“Order Forms” means the ordering documents representing the initial and subsequent purchases of the Service 
under this TOU, which are included or hereafter incorporated from time to time and specify, among other things, the 
number of subscriptions ordered, the subscription term, and the applicable fees. 
 
“Initial Order Form” means the Initial Order Form executed by Customer effective as of the Effective Date. 
“Subsequent Order Forms” means any later Order Forms executed by Customer or any franchisee of Customer. 
“Store” means an isolated revenue and/or expense data source owned and/or operated and/or franchised and/or 
licensed by Customer for which Customer has purchased a subscription in an Order Form and from and/or for which 
Customer accesses the Service. 
 
“Customer Data” means all electronic data or information submitted by Customer to the Service. 
 
“Users” means Customer’s employees, contractors, agents, representatives, and franchisees (who have signed a 
franchisee joinder and) who are authorized to use the Service and have been supplied user identifications, shared log-
ins, and passwords by Customer (or by RM at Customer’s request). 
 
“Data Central Resource” Data Central Resource (“DCR”) means the individual(s) designated by Customer, and 
trained by RM, to be responsible for ongoing configuration and linking, addition of users, items and recipes, and other 
application administration required for optimal use of the Service.   DCR also represents the first line of support for 
Customer’s Users.  Each DCR must complete training as defined and provided by RM. 
 
“IP Rights” means all intellectual property rights, including, but not limited to, copyrights, patent rights, trade secret 
rights, trademark rights, and other similar property rights. 
 
2. Service. 
 
2.1 
Provision of Service. Subject to the terms, conditions, and restrictions set forth in this TOU (including, but 
not limited to, the restrictions in Sections 2.2 and 2.3 and Customer’s obligation to pay for the rights granted in this 
TOU in Section 4), RM hereby grants to Customer, for the term of this TOU, under any and all IP Rights owned or 
otherwise assertable by RM, a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right and license to access and
