Dairy Queen Participation Agreement Revised 2022-08-18
2 
 
not specifically covered under this Agreement or any Work Order, including, but not limited to, fees incurred to 
facilitate installation, Participating Location's IT or technical assistance, or any other third-party fees expended. 
5.
Equipment. Acumera may provide Equipment to Participating Location to facilitate performance of Services. If any
such Equipment fails during the Term of this agreement as a result of misuse, abuse, the fault or negligence of
Participating Location or a third party, or due to an Act of God, it will be replaced by Acumera after payment to
Acumera by Customer of the replacement cost of the item. Title to any Equipment passes to Customer upon
shipment (FOB Origin). If any Equipment is not received by the Participating Location or is damaged in the shipping
process, Acumera will replace that Equipment with no additional charge to the Participating Location. If the
Equipment fails for reasons other than misuse, abuse, or the fault or negligence of Participating Location or a third
party, or an Act of God, it will be replaced by Acumera without additional payment from the Customer.
6.
Maintenance. In the routine process of managing and maintaining deployed Equipment, Acumera may occasionally
perform remote maintenance activities on Equipment, such as a firmware update etc., that may result in the
Equipment being reset and unavailable and/or result in a loss of connectivity at a Location for a short period of time.
Except in the case of emergency or in the process of troubleshooting a critical service issue, Acumera will perform
this type of work during planned maintenance windows which take place each day between 1AM and 5AM local time
and for which Acumera will use commercially reasonable efforts to give eight (8) hours or more notice that the
maintenance will be performed and Equipment may be unavailable.
7.
Location List. The locations covered by this Agreement shall be specified in a Work Order or on a Location List
which, if applicable, will be attached as an Exhibit hereto. The addition of a new Location to this Agreement will
require the submission of an Addendum to the Agreement adding the Location in the form attached as Exhibit "A",
New Location Addendum.
8.
Term. The term of this Agreement is thirty six (36) months plus any partial first month beginning on the date Service
commences. ("Initial Term"). The Agreement shall automatically be renewed after the Initial Term on the applicable
anniversary of the Effective Date for subsequent one (1) year periods (each, a "Renewal Term"). The Initial Term
and all Renewal Terms shall collectively be referred to as the "Term."
9.
Location Term. The Term for any Location(s) is the same as Paragraph 8 above, except as follows: The Location
Term begins on the date Service commences at that Location. The Location Term(s) is independent and does not
run coterminous with any other Location Term unless the date of commencement of Service is the same.
10.
Fees and Payment.
10.1. 
Fees and Invoicing. Participating Location agrees to pay all recurring charges and non-recurring charges, 
(collectively, the "Fees") as indicated in any Work Order or SOW. Participating Location agrees that 
recurring charges commence upon installation of the equipment and/or commencement of Services at a 
Location and non-recurring charges upon shipment of the Equipment to a Location. Acumera will invoice for 
install/set up fees and shipping and handling charges on the firewall shipping date. The pricing is 
confidential and may not be disclosed to third parties. Any partial month at the beginning of the Term will be 
invoiced to Participating Location on a pro-rated basis. Invoicing, which will occur one month in advance, 
begins upon shipment. Payments shall be made to Acumera via credit card or auto ACH debit and shall be 
paid fifteen (15) days from invoice date, or if such due date falls on a weekend or holiday, on the first 
business day after such due date. ACH or credit card payment shall be set up with Participating Location 
prior to the commencement of Service. Fees are non-refundable. Participating Location may pay on a 
monthly basis, or on an annual up-front basis according to preference. 
10.2. 
Additional or Change in Fees. Acumera may introduce additional services or features during the Term 
with associated Fees, which Participating Location may elect not to utilize. If Participating Location does not 
elect to use the additional services or features, then Participating Location will not be charged any additional 
fees. For Fees related to the Core Services as described in an applicable Work Order, Acumera will use 
commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the Fees at the price specified in the Work Order for the 
duration of the Participating Location's term. However, Acumera may increase such Fees once per year as 
necessary to accommodate unforeseen increases in its costs, subject to a maximum annual increase equal 
to the lesser of 2% or the amount of Consumer Price Index ("CPI") increase calculated based on the 
immediately preceding unadjusted 12 months (10/01 through 9/30), derived from the U.S. Department of 
Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics web site, https://www.bls.gov/news.release/cpi.nr0.htm. 
10.3. 
Overdue Payments. At Acumera's discretion, any undisputed payment not received from Participating 
Location by the due date may accrue late charges at the rate of one and a half percent (1.5%) of the 
outstanding balance per month, or at the maximum rate permitted by law, whichever is lower, from the date 
such payment was due until the date paid. 
