4025 G&C Oper Agmt – 3/25 
38 
operating agreement, site or location, population density, business potential, 
trade area population, existing business practice, competitive circumstance, or 
any other condition that Company deems to be of importance to the operation of 
such restaurant or store, Licensee’s business, or one or more components of the 
Franchise System. Company is not required to grant to Licensee a like or other 
variation as a result of any variation from standard menus, specifications or 
requirements granted to any other restaurant or store or licensee. Licensee 
acknowledges that it is aware that other licensees of Company operate under a 
number of different forms of franchise agreement or operating agreement that 
were entered into at different times and that, consequently, the obligations and 
rights of the parties to such other agreements may differ materially in certain 
instances from Licensee’s rights and obligations under this agreement. Company 
may periodically modify or rescind any requirement, standard or specification 
prescribed by Company under this agreement to adapt the System to changing 
conditions, competitive circumstances, business strategies, business practice 
innovations, and technological changes as Company deems appropriate. 
15.14 Notice of Potential Profit. Company or its affiliates may make available 
goods, products, or services to Licensee for use in the Restaurant and may make 
a profit on the sale of these items. Company or its affiliates may receive and 
retain consideration from suppliers or manufacturers for services rendered, 
license rights, or sales of goods, products, or services to Licensee. The 
consideration may or may not be related to services performed and Company or 
its affiliates is entitled to these profits or consideration. 
15.15 Effective Date. Company will fill in the “Effective Date” of this agreement in 
the space provided on the cover page. If no Effective Date is listed, the 
Effective Date is the date when this agreement has been signed by both 
Licensee and the President or a Vice President of Company. 
15.16 Receipt of Documents. Licensee acknowledges that it received a franchise 
disclosure document at least 14 calendar days prior to the date this agreement 
was executed. 
15.17 Including. Unless the context requires otherwise, the term “including” means 
“including but not limited to.” 
16. 
DEFINITIONS. 
16.1 Assistant Manager means an individual who personally invests his or her full 
time and attention and devotes his or her best efforts to the on-premises 
general management of the day-to-day operations of the Restaurant under the 
supervision of the Designated Manager, meets Company’s prior restaurant or 
retail management experience requirements, and does not participate in the 
active operation or management of any business other than the Restaurant. 
16.2 Authorized Location is the location of the Restaurant designated on the 
cover page to this agreement. 
