 
- 10 - 
that have been included in the consolidated financial statements. Under this method, deferred tax 
assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the consolidated financial 
statements and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which 
the differences are expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and 
liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. 
In general, it is the Company’s practice and intention to permanently reinvest the earnings of its 
Canadian subsidiaries and that position has not changed following payment of the transition tax under 
the Tax Act. No deferred taxes have been provided for withholding taxes or other taxes that would 
result upon repatriation of undistributed foreign earnings of approximately $8.8 million and 
$8.5 million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. To the extent these earnings are 
repatriated, foreign tax credits will be available to substantially eliminate any additional U.S. income 
taxes that might otherwise result from such repatriation. 
The Company records net deferred tax assets to the extent it believes these assets will more likely than 
not be realized. In making such determination, the Company will consider all available positive and 
negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable 
income, tax planning strategies, and recent financial operations. In the event the Company were to 
determine that it would be able to realize its deferred income tax assets in the future in excess of the 
net recorded amount, the Company would make an adjustment to the valuation allowance, which 
would reduce the provision for income taxes. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had a 
valuation allowance of $3.7 million. 
Unredeemed Gift Card Liabilities—The Company sells stored value gift cards of various denominations 
at Dairy Queen restaurants and other retail stores. Cash receipts from gift card sales are classified as a 
current liability on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. As gift cards are presented for 
redemption at Dairy Queen franchised restaurants, the liability is reduced through reimbursement to 
franchisees for the value redeemed. Based on historical redemption rates, a percentage of gift cards 
will never be redeemed, and the estimated value of unredeemed gift cards is recognized as gift card 
breakage reducing the liability. The Company recognizes gift card breakage over time in proportion to 
actual gift card redemptions. Breakage is recognized as a contribution to the Committed Advertising 
fund less management fees.   
Concentration of Credit Risk—Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to 
concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash equivalent investments, accounts and notes 
receivable, and cash pooling receivable from affiliate. 
The Company places its cash equivalent investments with high-credit-quality financial institutions, with 
original maturities of 90 days or less and, by policy, limits the amount of credit exposure of any one 
financial institution. Accounts receivable are generally unsecured; however, concentrations of credit 
risk with respect to these receivables are limited due to the large number of franchisees and their 
dispersion across many different geographic areas. Notes receivable are generally secured by the 
equipment purchased or the existing franchise agreement. 
Use of Estimates—The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with 
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make 
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of 
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, the reported 
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period and accompanying notes. Accounts 
