4025 G&C Oper Agmt – 3/25 
33 
must reimburse Company for Company’s costs incurred in connection with 
this removal. 
(D) 
If, despite not being permitted to do so, Licensee owns or controls any 
domain name registrations in connection with the Restaurant or that 
include any of the Trademarks, Licensee agrees to promptly transfer 
ownership of such domain names to Company and execute any 
documents the domain name registry requires in connection with the 
transfer of these domain name registrations to Company. 
14.3 Liable for Obligations. Licensee remains liable for its obligations under any 
applicable lease or sublease for the Restaurant premises and Authorized 
Location, and its other applicable obligations under this agreement or any other 
agreement between Licensee and Company or Company’s affiliates. 
14.4 Amounts Owed. Licensee must pay all sums due to Company, its affiliates or 
designees, or that Licensee owes to third parties which have been guaranteed by 
Company or any of its affiliates, within 10 days of the termination or expiration 
of this agreement. 
14.5 Purchase Option. Company may purchase or designate a third party to 
purchase any or all of the assets of the Restaurant that are owned by Licensee or 
any of Licensee’s affiliates including the land, building, equipment, fixtures, 
signage, furnishings, supplies, leasehold, leasehold improvements, and inventory 
of the Restaurant, upon the following conditions: 
(A) 
Company must give Licensee written notice of its intent to exercise its 
purchase rights under this section 14.5 within 30 days after the date of the 
expiration or termination of this agreement. 
(B) 
The purchase will be at a price determined by a qualified appraiser paid 
for by Company and selected with the consent of both parties. The price 
determined by the appraiser will be the reasonable fair market value of 
the assets based on their continuing use in, as, and for the operation of a 
DQ Grill & Chill® restaurant and the appraiser will designate a price for 
each category of asset (e.g., land, building, equipment, fixtures, etc. but not 
good will). If the parties cannot agree upon an appraiser, either party may 
petition a judge of the United States district court for the district in which 
the Authorized Location is located to appoint an appraiser. 
(C) 
Within 45 days after Company’s receipt of the appraisal report, Company 
must inform Licensee if Company or Company’s designee intends to 
purchase any or all of the assets at the price in the appraisal report. 
Company or its designated purchaser and Licensee must complete and 
close the purchase of the designated assets in a commercially reasonable 
time and manner. Company may reduce the price paid for the assets by 
any unpaid portion of the termination fee due under section 13.2(D) of this 
agreement. 
