 
24 
G&C FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26 
You may only use or purchase products approved by ADQ that meet ADQ’s specifications. For 
purposes of this Item 8, “products” includes products, services, ingredients, supplies, signage, 
fixtures, furnishings, advertising and sales promotion materials, and equipment (including 
hardware and software for a computerized electronic point-of-sale (“EPOS”) system or other 
computer systems, communications equipment, or electronic services providers). Approved 
products must meet ADQ’s specifications, and are manufactured, provided or prepared by ADQ-
approved manufacturers, suppliers or distributors. ADQ periodically identifies approved products 
for use in DQ® locations, and has the right to periodically change the list of approved products, 
and to update and alter the specifications for approved products.  
ADQ always has the right to designate a single approved manufacturer, supplier or distributor for 
the following products: (1) soft drinks; (2) third party branded products; (3) products relating to 
limited time offers and special promotions; (4) equipment, including EPOS equipment and all 
related point-of-sale and web based software and back-office hardware and software; and (5) any 
product you purchase where ADQ does not receive a fee or payment from the manufacturer with 
respect to the sale of that product, other than payments from vendors for marketing. 
For other products not listed in (1) - (5) above, as long as there is not in place an agreement for a 
“unified purchasing program,” a franchisee may make written request for approval of a specific 
product, service or piece of equipment of an additional, qualified manufacturer, supplier or alternate 
distributor, pursuant to ADQ’s then current policies and procedures.  
ADQ has received and offered proposals to create a unified purchasing program as a joint effort 
between ADQ and a cooperative association of DQ® restaurant and store operators, to benefit the 
entire DQ® system in the United States. For any period during which there is an agreement for a 
unified purchasing program: (1) ADQ will designate as approved the manufacturers, suppliers or 
distributors properly selected within the structure of that program; and (2) ADQ has the right to 
designate a single approved manufacturer, supplier and/or distributor of any approved products. 
ADQ has currently designated ParTech, Inc. as the sole supplier of the required EPOS hardware 
and software that you must purchase for your restaurant.  You will be required to sign an agreement 
with ParTech for the purchase of the equipment, software subscription services, installation and 
other services (“ParTech Participation Agreement”) when you sign your franchise agreement.    
ADQ also has designated (a) ParTech, Inc. Data Central as the sole supplier of the back office 
software you must purchase for reporting and labor and inventory management; (b) Fiserv 
(formerly, FirstData Merchant Services) as the sole supplier of payment card processing and 
related services you must purchase, (c) Verifone as the sole supplier of certain payment card data 
encryption services that you must purchase; (d) ValueLink, LLC as the sole supplier of the gift 
cards and related services you must purchase; (e) Olo, Inc. as the sole supplier of the DQ Mobile 
Ordering system; (f) Punchh Inc. as the sole supplier of the DQ Mobile Loyalty platform that you 
must purchase; (g) Acumera as the sole supplier of managed firewall services you must purchase 
and (h) Cineplex Digital Media Inc. as the sole supplier of the digital menu boards you must 
purchase. Copies of the ParTech Participation Agreements and the participation agreements that 
you must sign and/or agree to the terms with ValueLink, Olo, Punchh, Acumera and Cineplex are 
included in this disclosure document as Exhibit F. When you sign the franchise agreement, you 
must also sign the then-current participation agreements offered by the other suppliers listed above.  
ADQ has the right to designate suppliers in place of or in addition to these suppliers. 
