4025 G&C Oper Agmt – 3/25 
23 
requirements that are designed to combat terrorism and terrorist activities. In 
addition, neither Licensee nor Owner is named as a “specially designated 
national” or “blocked person” as designated by the United States Department 
of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control. 
10.5 In-Term Noncompete. During the term of this agreement, Licensee, the 
Designated Manager, a Principal Owner, or an officer or director of a Principal 
Owner owning a 20% or greater interest in Licensee cannot, without 
Company’s prior written consent, directly or indirectly operate, permit to be 
operated, or hold any interest in any Competitive Business. 
11. 
TRANSFER OF FRANCHISE. 
11.1 Consent Required. Company enters this agreement with specific reliance 
upon the financial qualifications, personal experience, skills, and managerial 
and financial qualifications of the Licensee and its Owners. Because of this, no 
transfer may be made in whole or part, whether in one or more transactions, 
without Company’s consent. 
11.2 Definition of Transfer. A “transfer” is defined as a sale (including an 
installment sale), lease, pledge, contract for deed, option agreement, 
assignment, bequest, gift, transfer of interest upon death or disability, 
management agreement (or any other arrangement pursuant to which 
Licensee or an Owner turns over all or part of the daily operation of the 
Restaurant to a person or entity who shares in the losses or profits of the 
Restaurant in a manner other than as an employee or agent of Licensee), or 
disposal of the Restaurant, any assets, revenues or profits of the Restaurant 
(except in the ordinary course of business), or any direct or indirect ownership 
interest in this agreement, the Restaurant, the Licensee, or an Owner to any 
other person or entity (a “transferee”).  If Licensee or any Owner is a trust, a 
“transfer” also includes any modification, amendment, revocation or 
restructuring of the trust (including but not limited to any change in the roles 
of or individuals named as beneficiaries, trustees, grantors, settlors or other 
similar positions of the trust) that would result in any change of control of 
Licensee or any Owner. 
11.3 Requirements for a Transfer. The following requirements must be satisfied 
before Company will consent to any direct or indirect transfer or proposed 
transfer of this agreement, the Restaurant, or any ownership interest in this 
agreement, the Restaurant, the Licensee, or an Owner: 
(A) 
Application. Licensee must immediately notify Company of a proposed 
transfer, promptly submit to Company a transfer request and release of 
information form and provide Company with a complete application for 
consent to transfer at least 90 days before the effective date of the 
transfer. The transfer request and release of information form and 
application must be completed on Company’s then-current forms and 
accompanied by all other documents required by Company. 
