DQ Participation Agreement 
 
 
 
36 
 
 
 
 
02/05/25 
 
• 
SKU 
c. CRM Surveys provided on DEVICE (set up fees apply) 
d. Charity/Donations provided on DEVICE (set up fees apply) 
e. SKU displays on DEVICE 
f. Tip/Gratuity entry on DEVICE 
g. AVS Security 
h. Paperless receipt - Text or Email 
i. 
Split Tender display on DEVICE 
j. Signature Capture 
k. Store and Forward 
l. 
ApplePay 
m. SamSung Pay 
n. Internationalization on DEVICE – (option to change DEVICE language: i.e. English to Spanish) 
6. UPDATES TO THE DEVICE SOFTWARE/PARPAY SERVICE. Participating Location will receive 
updates and upgrades to the Device Software and PARPay Services generally made available to PAR’s other 
customers as part of Participating Location’s monthly PARPay Service Fees. Updates, fixes and minor 
enhancements will be made at PAR’s discretion to improve the performance and features of the Device 
Software and PARPay Service. Any updates will be made between 2:00 am and 5:00 am EST. Updates and 
fixes may need to be made to the Device Software and PARPay Service on an emergency basis during business 
hours. If such emergency updates are needed, PAR will coordinate with Participating Location to determine 
when such updates can be made. 
 
SECTION B: AVAILABILITY OF PARPAY SERVICE AND DATA. 
1. Transaction Availability Warranty. PAR warrants that the PARPay Service shall be capable of being 
accessed by Participating Location and by Participating Location’s Authorized Users at least 99.9% of the time 
measured on a monthly basis, excluding outages and downtime set forth in Section B.2. below (the “PARPay 
Transaction Availability Warranty”). 
 
2. Outages and Downtime. The following outages and downtime shall be excluded from the Availability 
Warranty: (i) requested by Participating Location; (ii) caused by Participating Location or Participating 
Location’s contractors and agents; (iii) scheduled maintenance and upgrade purposes; (iv) caused by 
Participating Location’s computer system, web browser, hardware or software applications, including third 
party integrations, not authorized by PAR; (v) power failures; (vi) service failures caused by a service provider 
other than PAR or PAR’s agents; (vii) damage to telecommunication facilities outside of PAR’s control, other 
than acts taken by or caused by PAR personnel; (viii) outages and downtime that arises as a result of 
Participating Location’s failure to upgrade or refresh required software or hardware where such non-compliance 
was communicated by PAR to Participating Location with adequate advance notice and where compliance is 
consistent with good business practices. PAR will provide Participating Location with one (1) week notice of 
any scheduled maintenance or upgrades, which shall occur after business hours local time. PAR shall only use 
