 
- 7 - 
INTERNATIONAL DAIRY QUEEN, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
(A Wholly Owned Subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc.) 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
In thousands  
 
1. 
NATURE OF BUSINESS 
International Dairy Queen, Inc. (the “Company”) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire 
Hathaway Inc. (“Berkshire”). The Company is engaged in developing, licensing, franchising, and 
servicing a system of approximately 7,700 retail restaurants featuring over-the-counter sales of dairy 
desserts, food, and blended fruit drinks. On December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company operated two 
Dairy Queen restaurants. 
2. 
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
Basis of Presentation—The consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) in the United States of America and include the 
accounts of the Company and its affiliates after elimination of all significant intercompany balances and 
transactions. The Company’s fiscal year ends on December 31. 
Cash and Cash Equivalents—Cash equivalents include all short-term investments with an original 
maturity of 90 days or less. Cash and cash equivalents are recorded at cost, which approximates their 
fair value. 
Notes and Accounts Receivable—Accounts and notes receivable consist primarily of service fees, 
franchise sales fees, and advertising fees due principally from franchisees and gift card receivables. 
Accounts receivable are recorded net of an allowance for expected credit losses. The allowance is 
recognized in an amount equal to anticipated future write-offs. The Company estimates future write-
offs based on delinquencies, aging trends, industry risk trends, its historical experience and current 
trends. 
Cash Pooling Receivable from Affiliate—In 2022, the Company began participating in a centralized cash 
management program (cash pooling) with an affiliate, BH Finance LLC (BH Finance), a wholly owned 
subsidiary of Berkshire. The agreement with BH Finance allows for day-to-day cash borrowing not to 
exceed $10 million with no limit on invested amounts with BH Finance. Loans to the Company bear 
interest at the one-month SOFR rate. Loans by the Company to BH Finance bear interest at a rate 
established by BH Finance. The agreement automatically renews on December 31 of each year unless 
either party gives notice to the other party at least ninety days prior to the renewal date, in which case 
the amounts must be repaid. Amounts owed to the Company are shown as cash pooling receivable 
from affiliate. 
Inventories—Inventories consist primarily of marketing material created or purchased for resale and 
are carried at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or net realizable value. 
Property and Equipment—Property and equipment is stated at historical cost. Depreciation and 
amortization of property and equipment are computed on the straight-line method over the estimated 
useful lives of the assets or the remaining term of the lease for leasehold improvements. Estimated 
useful lives range from 3 to 10 years for equipment, the shorter of 20 years or remaining lease term for 
