 
47 
G&C FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26 
Executive and Supervisors must personally invest their full time and attention and devote their 
best efforts to their supervisory and management responsibilities relating to your restaurants, and 
must attend and successfully complete the required training described in Item 11.  
If the franchisee will be a business entity, all of its owners must sign the personal undertaking and 
guarantee attached to the franchise agreement. You must identify your owners in the Ownership 
Addendum and notify ADQ in writing of any change in the owners. 
Item 16: Restrictions on What the Franchisee May Sell 
ADQ requires you to offer and sell only those goods and services that ADQ has approved (see 
Items 8 and 9). In addition, you may offer and sell these approved goods and services only from 
your restaurant (see Item 12). Any failure to comply with these requirements or to meet product 
quality standards may result in termination of your franchise agreement (see Item 17). 
You must carry the required menu items that ADQ designates for your business. If you are a 
conversion franchisee that signs the NSF conversion addendum, you must cease selling any non-
system food item, unless otherwise approved by ADQ in writing. ADQ has the right to determine 
the authorized menu for your restaurant, based upon ADQ’s evaluation of various factors, 
including customs or circumstances of a particular site or location, density of population, 
population of trade area, existing business practices, lease restrictions and any other condition that 
ADQ deems to be of importance to the operation of your business or to the DQ® system. Except 
as described in the NSF conversion addendum, there are no limits on ADQ’s right to make 
modifications to the approved menu and ingredients periodically through the Operations Manual, 
system bulletin or otherwise in writing, any of which may be communicated electronically. To the 
fullest extent the law allows, ADQ may require you to offer items on the menu at the maximum, 
minimum, or other prices that ADQ specifies. In order to carry certain optional menu items 
approved by ADQ, ADQ has the right to require you to attend specialized training or purchase 
additional equipment. You might have to pledge additional funds to be used for advertising the 
optional products in your trade area. Other restaurants may carry different menu items than you 
carry in your restaurant.  
You must not sell, offer for sale or otherwise handle alcoholic or intoxicating beverages or 
controlled substances upon the restaurant premises. You must not have or use, or permit the 
presence or use of, ATM, video game machines or vending machines or any like coin-operated or 
electronic device or machine upon the restaurant premises. In addition, you must not offer, sell, 
use or participate in, any lottery or gambling device of any nature at or from the restaurant 
premises. Your restaurant must be smoke-free for all customers and employees, and you must post 
signs on all doors and throughout the restaurant that announce the smoke-free policy. 
