their capacity, including the provision of relevant information and completion of 
rudimentary tasks as reasonably requested by the Level 1 Help Desk service 
representative. Customer will ensure that any dispatched technician to the 
Participating Site is provided with immediate access to the equipment interfacing 
with or connecting to the Subscription Services and is otherwise provided with 
such assistance or resources as they might reasonably request.  
 
f) Routine cleaning and aesthetic maintenance of all Equipment, including the 
removal of dust, grime or dirt using a non-abrasive cleaning agent, and the 
replacement of Media Player filters if and when required. 
 
g) Complying with all operating, maintenance and other instruction or best practices 
contained in documentation, including any Equipment user manual or otherwise 
made known to them.  
 
8. Customer will be charged additional fees of one hundred fifty U.S. dollars (US$150) per 
hour for any work Vendor Support Team performs on non-Eligible Incidents. Customer 
will be charged additional fees of one hundred fifty U.S. dollars (US$150) per hour for 
any work Vendor Support Team performs on equipment not purchased through Vendor. 
Customer will be charged additional fees of one hundred fifty U.S. dollars (US$150) per 
hour for any work Vendor Support Team performs on equipment purchased through 
Vendor but whose warranty has expired. 
 
9. Neither Vendor nor its contractors will be liable to Customer for failure or delay in 
fulfilling any of its obligations if that failure or delay is attributable to circumstances 
beyond its reasonable control, including any act of God, fire, labour dispute or 
government measure.  
 
10. The Subscription Services and the software comprised therein constitute Vendor’s 
valuable intellectual property. Customer agrees not to sell, share, distribute, or transfer 
the Subscription Services or the software comprised therein or any copies thereof to or 
with any person in any manner. Customer also agrees not to attempt to copy, reverse 
engineer or decompile the software comprised in Subscription Services in any way. 
 
11. Any non-public information pertaining to Customer or Vendor, which comes into the 
other’s possession will be held in confidence and not used for any purpose unrelated to 
this Agreement.  
 
12. Vendor will indemnify Customer against any claim by a third party that the Subscription 
Services or Software infringe the intellectual property rights of that third party and for 
any damages, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorney fees) attributable to 
Vendor’s gross negligence or willful misconduct in performing services under this 
Participation Agreement. 
 
