3/2025 
2
under the supervision and control of, a general contractor licensed to work in the city and state where the project is 
located. Furthermore, the Licensee understands that the scope of services to be provided are specifically limited to 
those that are described in the attached Exhibit “A” and are not intended to provide a “turn-key” service to the 
Licensee.  ADQ is not responsible for ensuring that the restaurant to be constructed complies with building standards 
or legal requirements, including, but not limited to, architectural, structural, mechanical, electrical, accessibility 
(including without limitation those under the Americans with Disabilities Act), and other standards. 
 
  5. 
Additional Billing:  If ADQ’s construction consultant must be on site for purposes of consulting longer than 
specified in Exhibit “A” due to delays or complications beyond the control of ADQ, the Licensee agrees to pay ADQ 
an additional sum of $200.00 per day for each day the construction consultant is available on site.  Should the 
construction consultant have to make a return visit, related travel expenses, including, but not limited to, air travel, 
meals and lodging, will be added to the daily $200.00 fee. 
 
  6. 
Liability and Indemnification:  Licensee waives all claims against ADQ for damages to property or injuries 
to persons arising out of the design and/or construction of Licensee’s building.  Licensee must fully protect, 
indemnify and defend ADQ and its affiliates and hold them harmless from and against any and all claims, demands, 
damages and liabilities of any nature whatsoever arising in any manner, directly or indirectly, out of, in connection 
with, or incident to the franchised location, this Agreement (regardless of cause or any concurrent or contributing fault 
or negligence of ADQ) or any breach or failure to comply with this Agreement. 
 
  7. 
Insurance:  Licensee must purchase and maintain at its own expense liability insurance in an amount equal to 
the greater of (a) $2,000,000 per occurrence or a higher amount that ADQ may in the future require of similarly 
situated Licensees, (b) the amount the lessor of the Restaurant premises may require or (c) the amount required under 
Licensee’s operating agreement for the location.  The insurance coverage must start no later than the date Licensee 
begins construction.  Licensee must deliver to ADQ a certificate of insurance and additional insured and other 
endorsements showing compliance with this section.  The insurance coverage must: 
 
A. 
Insure Licensee, ADQ, ADQ’s affiliates and any other person or entity designated by ADQ by name from 
liability for any and all such damage and injury; 
 
B. 
Be written with a company rated no less than “A” by AM Best Insurance Rating; 
 
C. 
Name ADQ and its affiliates as an additional insured; and 
D. 
Provide that ADQ will be given 30 days’ prior written notice of material change in or termination or 
cancellation of the policy. 
ADQ does not represent or warrant that any insurance that Licensee is required to purchase will provide adequate 
coverage for Licensee.  The requirements of insurance specified in this Agreement are for ADQ’s protection.  Licensee 
should consult with its own insurance agents, brokers, attorneys and other insurance advisors to determine the level of 
insurance protection it needs and desires, in addition to the coverage and limits required by ADQ. 
 
 
Licensee:       
 
Dated:       
 
 
Construction Consultation Services Agreement (Including Exhibit “A”) Total of Four Pages 
 
Company:  AMERICAN DAIRY QUEEN CORPORATION 
 
 
By:       
 
Dated:       
 
 
