   
       
3 
 
equipment, access service, access lines, and Internet connectivity necessary for Customer to access and use the 
Service. Customer is responsible for all activities that occur under Customer’s User accounts. Customer shall: 
(i) have sole responsibility for the accuracy, quality, integrity, legality, reliability, and appropriateness of 
all Customer Data; (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent unauthorized access to or use of the Service; 
(iii) at Customer’s expense, comply with RM’s optimization, data loading, data retrieval, web service, utilization, and 
other system usage requirements; and (iv) comply with all applicable United States or foreign federal, state, local, or 
other laws, rules, regulations, treaties, and conventions in connection with its use of the Service. 
 
3.4 
Use Guidelines. Customer shall use the Service solely for its internal business purposes as contemplated by 
this TOU and shall not: (i) knowingly send or store infringing, obscene, threatening, libelous, or otherwise unlawful 
or tortious material, including material harmful to children or violative of third party privacy rights; 
(i) knowingly send or store material containing software viruses, worms, Trojan horses, or other harmful computer 
code, files, scripts, agents, or programs; (iii) intentionally interfere with or disrupt the integrity or performance of the 
Service or the data contained therein; (iv) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Service or its related systems or 
networks; or (v) if using the Documents Central service, publish any document for which Customer does not have 
rights under applicable copyright law. 
 
3.5 
Third-Party Providers.   Certain third-party providers, some of which may be listed on pages within RM’s 
website, offer products and services related to the Service, that work in conjunction with the Service, such as by 
exchanging data with the Service or by offering additional functionality within the user interface of the Service 
through use of the Service’s application programming interface, and in addition to the Service. RM does not warrant 
any such third-party providers or any of their products or services, whether or not such products or services are 
designated by RM as “certified,” “validated,” or otherwise. Any exchange of data or other interaction between 
Customer and a third-party provider, and any purchase by Customer of any product or service offered by such third-
party provider, is solely between Customer and such third-party provider.   In addition, from time to time, certain 
additional functionality (not defined as part of the Service) may be offered by RM to Customer, for an additional 
fee, on a pass-through or OEM basis pursuant to terms specified by the licensor and agreed to by Customer in 
connection with a separate purchase by Customer of such additional functionality. Customer’s use of any such 
additional functionality shall be governed by such terms, which shall prevail in the event of any inconsistency with 
the terms of this TOU. RM will not offer third-party products or services or additional functionality that is not a part 
of the Service to Customer’s franchisees without Customer’s prior review and approval, which approval shall not be 
unreasonably withheld, delayed, or conditioned. 
 
4. 
Fees & Payment. 
 
4.1 
Subscription Fees. Customer shall pay all fees specified in all of its Order Forms under this TOU. Except 
as otherwise provided in this TOU, all fees are quoted in United States Dollars and are non-refundable, to the extent 
earned. The number of subscriptions purchased may be decreased during the relevant subscription term stated on 
the Order Forms only in the event of a Unit closing or transfer. All fees due for partial payment periods will be prorated 
on a daily basis. 
 
4.2 
Professional Services. In addition to fees under Section 4.1, Customer may, from time to time, request 
professional services from RM. These services will be billed by RM to Customer at RM’s then prevailing rates and 
terms. 
 
4.3 
Invoicing & Payment. Fees for the Service and other professional services will be invoiced in advance and 
otherwise in accordance with the terms set forth in the relevant Order Form. Unless otherwise stated in the Order 
Form, charges are due net thirty (30) days from the invoice date.   Unless otherwise stated in the Order Form, all 
payments made under this TOU shall be in United States Dollars. 
 
4.4 
Overdue Payments. Any payment not received from Customer by the due date may accrue (except with 
respect to charges then under reasonable and good faith dispute), at RM’s discretion, late charges at the rate of 1.5% 
of the outstanding balance per month, or the maximum rate permitted by law, whichever is lower, from the date such 
payment was due until the date paid. 
