4025 G&C Oper Agmt – 3/25 
8 
in the Operations Manual or otherwise communicated in writing. Licensee must 
secure at its own expense all necessary permits or approvals for the use and sale 
of all products, supplies and ingredients in and from the Restaurant. All supplies, 
including cones, cups, containers, eating utensils, and napkins, and all other 
customer service materials of all descriptions and types must meet the 
reasonable standards of uniformity and quality as now or hereafter are set by 
Company. 
6.3 
Intentionally omitted. 
6.4 
Approved Products, Services, and Equipment. 
(A) 
Company will periodically publish lists of approved products (including 
ingredients of approved products), approved services, and approved 
equipment (including an approved menu board system (dine in and drive-
thru, if applicable)). Licensee must use only the approved products, 
approved services, and approved equipment in the Restaurant described in 
the approved products, services, and equipment lists, as they may be 
periodically modified by Company. Licensee may not test, offer, or sell 
any new or unapproved products without Company’s prior written 
consent. 
(B) 
Although they may be approved by Company, Company makes 
no warranties and expressly disclaims all warranties, 
including warranties of merchantability and fitness for a 
particular purpose, with respect to products (including 
ingredients), services, equipment (including the EPOS System, 
any required Computer Systems, and any menu board system), 
supplies, fixtures, furnishings, or other approved items. 
(C) 
Company has the right to approve the manufacturer, supplier and/or 
distributor of any approved products (or the ingredients of any approved 
products), approved services and any approved equipment. Under all 
circumstances, Company has the right to designate a single approved 
manufacturer, supplier and/or distributor of: 
(1) 
Soft drink products; 
(2) 
Third party branded products for use in Licensee’s Restaurant; 
(3) 
Products relating to limited time offers and special promotions; 
(4) 
Equipment, including the EPOS System and Computer Systems, 
and all related software and back-office hardware and software; 
(5) 
Any product, ingredient, service or equipment where Company 
does not receive any fee or payment with respect to the sale of 
