4025 G&C Oper Agmt – 3/25 
22 
(2) 
Be written with a company rated no less than “A” by AM Best 
Insurance Rating; 
(3) 
Name International Dairy Queen, Inc. and its affiliates as an 
additional insured; and 
(4) 
Provide that Company will be given 30 days’ prior written notice of 
material change in or termination or cancellation of the policy. 
(B) 
Licensee must purchase and maintain workers’ compensation insurance 
and all additional insurance that may be required by law or other 
agreement related to the Restaurant. 
(C) 
If Licensee does not procure and maintain the required insurance 
coverage, Company may procure insurance coverage for Licensee and 
charge the cost to Licensee, together with a reasonable fee for Company’s 
expenses in doing so, payable by Licensee immediately upon notice. 
(D) 
Licensee’s obligation to obtain and maintain these insurance policies in 
the amounts specified is not limited in any way by reason of any 
insurance that Company may maintain, nor does Licensee’s 
procurement of required insurance relieve Licensee of liability under the 
indemnity obligations described in Section 10.2 of this 
Agreement.  Licensee’s insurance procurement obligations under this 
Section are separate and independent of Licensee’s indemnity 
obligations.  
(E) 
Company does not represent or warrant that any insurance that 
Licensee is required to purchase will provide adequate coverage for 
Licensee.  The requirements of insurance specified in this Agreement 
are for Company’s protection.  Licensee should consult with its own 
insurance agents, brokers, attorneys and other insurance advisors to 
determine the level of insurance protection it needs and desires, in 
addition to the coverage and limits required by Company. 
10.4 Compliance with Laws. Licensee must at all times maintain the Restaurant 
premises and conduct the Restaurant in compliance with all applicable laws, 
regulations, codes, and ordinances, including labor and employment laws. In 
addition, Licensee must comply with all privacy policies, data protection and 
security, and breach response policies that Company may establish. Licensee 
must notify Company immediately of any suspected data breach at or in 
connection with the Restaurant.  Licensee is an independent business and 
responsible for control and management of the Restaurant, including matters 
such as hiring and discharging Licensee’s employees, setting and paying wages 
and benefits of Licensee’s employees, and scheduling employees. Company has no 
power, responsibility or liability in respect to these or related matters. Licensee 
has had an opportunity to obtain legal advice regarding, and currently 
complies with, all applicable legal requirements that prohibit unfair, 
fraudulent or corrupt business practices, including U.S. and other legal 
