4025 G&C Oper Agmt – 3/25 
7 
(D) 
After construction commences, the new Restaurant must be open and 
operating within 90 days if a Captive-venue Location, or 120 days if a 
Street Location. 
(E) 
The new Restaurant must be constructed and equipped in accordance 
with Company’s then current standards and specifications. 
5.5 
Modernization or Replacement. Licensee must modernize, refurbish or 
replace the building, premises, equipment, signage and grounds as is necessary 
to reasonably conform them to Company’s then current standards for similarly 
situated new restaurants of the type developed under this agreement, upon 
renewal of this agreement, upon transfer of this agreement under the 
circumstances described in section 11, and every 10 years or any shorter period 
required by the lease for the premises. The requirements of this section 5.5 are 
reasonable and necessary to ensure continued public acceptance and patronage of 
DQ® restaurants and to avoid deterioration or obsolescence in connection with 
the operation of the business. 
5.6 
Lease. To the extent that Company assists Licensee with any lease negotiations, 
Licensee acknowledges that Company or an affiliate: 
(A) 
has not made any representations or warranties to Licensee with respect 
to whether Company’s or its affiliate’s negotiation with the landlord will be 
successful, whether the lease terms or site are adequate or appropriate, 
nor that the Authorized Location will be ready for occupancy or opening by 
any specified date; and 
(B) 
neither Company nor an affiliate are responsible or liable to Licensee for 
damages arising out of any failure by Company or its affiliate to obtain the 
landlord’s agreement to enter into a lease, the landlord’s failure to enter 
into a lease with Licensee, or for the failure of the Authorized Location to 
be ready for occupancy or opening by any specified date. 
6. 
PRODUCTS AND OPERATIONS STANDARDS AND REQUIREMENTS. 
6.1 
Menu. The Restaurant is limited to the preparation and sale of products 
periodically designated and approved by Company. Licensee must offer for sale 
from the Restaurant all items listed on the Menu and no other items. To the 
fullest extent the law allows, Company may require Licensee to offer items on 
the Menu at the maximum, minimum, or other prices that Company specifies 
from time to time. Company may periodically make modifications to the Menu, 
including the addition of breakfast items, and Licensee must comply with any 
modifications. Licensee must not offer or sell any other product or service at the 
Restaurant without Company’s prior written consent. 
6.2 
Authorized Ingredients and Supplies. Licensee must only use in the 
operation of the Restaurant and in the preparation of products the ingredients, 
recipes, formulas and supplies specified by Company. Licensee must prepare 
products in the portions, sizes, appearance and packaging specified by Company 
