CONFIDENTIAL
  
5 
Data Central – DQ Franchisee Joinder Agr. (USA) 
 
01/24/2025 
 
 
INITIAL ORDER FORM 
 
 
Service Level Addendum 
 
AccSys will be responsible for the provision of Level 1 Support (“L1”) to Users as follows: 
 
1. Definitions. 
a. 
“Issue” shall mean a Priority Level 1 (PI) issue, Priority Level 2 (P2) issue, Priority Level (P3) issue or Priority 
Level 4 issue as defined in the chart below. 
b. “Resolution Times” shall mean the amount of time from which an Issue is reported by Dairy Queen or a 
Store to AccSys and AccSys provides a fix, work-around or escalation to development.  
c. 
“Response Times” shall mean the time by which the Help Desk responds to an incoming Help Desk Support 
Case from Dairy Queen or a Store for Help Desk Support Services. 
d. “Help Desk Support Case” shall mean a case from a Store that relates to assistance with the use of, or an 
interruption in the operability of the Service. 
 
2. “Level 1 Support (L1)” means the provision of direct technical assistance and troubleshooting of Issues to Users at a 
Store. It includes the following encountered in the use of the covered Edition and Optional Features as defined in 
Customer’s Initial Order Form for the Service: 
a. 
Resolution or explanation of Service generated error messages. 
b. Assistance with User or operational problems that occur during operation of the Service. 
c. 
Guidance with procedural and system functionality or capability questions. 
d. Research, identification and escalation of defects in the Service. 
e. 
Assistance with the identification of programming issues or changes necessary to correct functionality or 
reporting issues. 
f. 
Recommendations for proper system maintenance. 
g. Root cause analysis of crashes and/or problems of the Service. 
h. General information concerning system requirements to the Service. 
 
L1 is not intended as supplemental training, and Customer must continue to meet its responsibilities defined in 
Section 6.3 of the TOU.  Any exclusions set forth in Section 6.1 of the TOU for L2 Support also apply to L1 Support. 
 
3. L1 will be provided during the hours listed in Section 6.5 of the TOU. AccSys will use its best efforts to respond and 
resolve L1 issues at the Response Times and Resolution Times in the chart below. 
 
4. AccSys will attempt to resolve all Help Desk Support Cases utilizing the appropriate resource for any given Issue. If 
an Issue is being worked by a L1 support technician, and such support technician determines they do not have the 
requisite knowledge or training to resolve the Issue in a timely manner, or such L1 support technician has been 
unable to resolve such Issue within 1 hour of time spent on it, such Issue will be escalated to a Level 2 Support (“L2”) 
technician or other appropriate resource to resolve the Issue. 
