 
G&C MultiTRA Agmt – 3/25 
-3- 
and Opening Commitment Schedule”).  Developer may open new Restaurants within the Trade 
Areas at a faster rate than indicated in the Development and Opening Commitment Schedule. If in 
any Term Year (as defined in Appendix B) the number of new Restaurants opened falls short of 
the number required for that Term Year but the cumulative total of new Restaurants opened under 
this Agreement through such Term Year equals or exceeds the cumulative number required to be 
opened by the end of such Term Year, as set forth in the Development and Opening Commitment 
Schedule, Developer shall be deemed to be in compliance with the Development and Opening 
Commitment Schedule. 
 
B. 
Conditions to Developer’s Development of Restaurants.  Developer may not 
develop a particular DQ Grill & Chill® Restaurant within the Trade Areas until all of the following 
conditions have been met: 
1. 
Application and Payment of Initial Franchise Fee.  Developer must apply 
for, and meet and maintain Company’s then current operational, financial, credit, legal and 
other criteria for the operation of DQ Grill & Chill® Restaurants.  Further, Developer must 
submit an application for a DQ Grill & Chill® Restaurant, and pay to Company the then 
current initial franchise fee, less the Trade Area Reservation Fee (defined below) for that 
Restaurant.  
 
2. 
Company’s Consent to Proposed Site.  Developer must receive Company’s 
prior written consent to the proposed site.   Company’s consent to a proposed site does not 
in any way constitute a guaranty by Company as to the success of a DQ Grill & Chill® 
Restaurant located on such site. Company’s written consent must be obtained within the 
time periods provided on Appendix B and the failure to do so is an Event of Default 
under Section 9.A below.  
 
3. 
Site Acquisition and Construction.  All Restaurants must be constructed, 
equipped and furnished in accordance with Company approved plans and specifications. 
Prior to construction, Developer must obtain from Company all necessary, as dictated by 
Company, written plan approvals of Developer's plans. Developer must obtain 
Company's written approval of the type of facility, site layout, and equipment 
configuration for each Restaurant, including the building design, style, size, interior 
decor, type of equipment, service format and equipment arrangement. Developer must 
obtain such approvals from Company by the deadlines established in Appendix B and the 
failure to do so is an Event of Default under Section 9.A below. 
 
4. 
Developer’s Compliance with Standard Financial Capability Criteria.  
Developer must provide information to Company that shows Developer is sufficiently 
capitalized to cover the investment necessary to develop the new DQ Grill & Chill® 
Restaurant.  Developer acknowledges and agrees that this requirement is necessary to 
ensure Developer’s proper development and operation of DQ Grill & Chill® Restaurants, 
and to preserve and enhance the reputation and goodwill of all Dairy Queen® restaurants 
and stores and the goodwill of the Trademarks.  Company’s confirmation that Developer 
meets this capitalization criteria for the development of a new DQ Grill & Chill® 
Restaurant does not in any way constitute a guaranty by Company as to the success of 
Developer or the new DQ Grill & Chill® Restaurant. 
5. 
Developer in Good Standing.  Developer has not received or have pending 
a notice of default under this Agreement, any Operating Agreement entered into pursuant to 
this Agreement or any other agreement between Developer and Company or any of its 
affiliates, and the notice of default remains uncured. 
