4025 G&C Oper Agmt – 3/25 
11 
6.9 
Period of Operation. 
(A) 
Open to the Public. Subject to any contrary requirements of local law, 
the Restaurant must be open to the public and operated at least 12 hours 
each day of the year, with the exception of New Year’s Day, Easter Day, 
Thanksgiving Day, and Christmas Day. Any variance must be authorized 
in writing by Company. However, if the Restaurant is in a Captive-venue 
Location that sets operating hours, then Restaurant must only be open 
during the required operating hours of that Captive-venue Location. If 
Company has required Licensee to offer breakfast items from the 
Restaurant (as described in section 6.1), then, subject to any contrary 
requirements of local law, Company may require the Restaurant to be 
open to the public and operated for more than 12 hours each day of the 
year to accommodate the offer and sale of the breakfast items. 
(B) 
Voluntary Abandonment. If Licensee voluntarily abandons the 
franchise, in addition to the other remedies provided for in this agreement, 
Company may terminate this agreement under section 13.2(C). The 
following events constitute voluntary abandonment: 
(1) 
The Restaurant is closed for 5 consecutive days or more without 
Company’s prior written consent. 
(2) 
Failure to commence construction of the Restaurant within 180 
days after the Effective Date. If Company terminates the agreement 
under this subparagraph, then all deposits, including the initial 
franchise fee, will be returned to Licensee minus the greater of a 
$5,000 cancellation fee or Company’s actual expenses incurred in 
connection with processing Licensee’s application and providing 
services for Licensee’s benefit. 
(3) 
Failure to open and operate the Restaurant within 270 days after 
the Effective Date, unless an extension of time is authorized in 
writing by Company. 
(C) 
Damage or Destruction. If the Restaurant is destroyed or damaged, 
Licensee must rebuild or repair the destroyed or damaged Restaurant at 
the Authorized Location in accordance with Company’s then current 
standards and specifications. If the Restaurant closed during rebuilding or 
repair, then the rebuilt or repaired Restaurant must open within 120 days 
(if a Captive-venue Location) or 270 days (if a Street Location) of the date 
of occurrence of its destruction or damage. 
6.10 Operating Procedures. Licensee must comply with the required standards, 
procedures, techniques, and management systems described in the Operations 
Manual relating to the development and operation of the Restaurant, including 
product preparation, menu, storage, uniforms, financial management, 
equipment, facility maintenance, and sanitation. Licensee must promptly notify 
