 
42 
G&C FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26 
you enter into a MultiTRA. In the past, ADQ did grant franchise agreements with protected 
territories, including territory operator agreements, which allow territory operators to operate 
restaurants and stores for their own account and to subfranchise third parties to operate restaurants 
and stores within their territories. You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face 
competition from other franchisees, from outlets that ADQ owns, or from other channels of 
distribution or competitive brands that ADQ controls. Consider carefully the implications of a site-
only franchise, and review closely the section below regarding ADQ’s and its affiliates’ rights. 
Rights under MultiTRA 
If you enter into a MultiTRA, you are granted the non-exclusive right, subject to the limitations 
described in this Item, in a designated development area to develop for your own account a specific 
number of DQ Grill & Chill® restaurants at authorized locations within your designated 
geographic trade areas within a specified amount of time. You must obtain ADQ’s written consent 
to each authorized location and you must sign the then-current form of franchise agreement for 
each location, which will detail the rights and obligations specific to each restaurant. 
Your right to develop additional restaurants within the trade areas is conditioned upon your 
compliance with the Development and Opening Commitment Schedule attached as Appendix B 
to your MultiTRA. If you fail to meet any of the Development and Opening Commitment Schedule 
deadlines, ADQ may terminate your MultiTRA, unless you: (a) open the restaurant (the “Default 
Restaurant”) within 30 days of receipt of notice of default; or (b) pay ADQ the full initial franchise 
fee for the Default Restaurant, and ADQ will extend the opening date for the Default Restaurant 
by up to 6 months. The cure listed in (b) is available only once during the term of the MultiTRA. 
ADQ’s and its Affiliates’ Rights 
Subject to any rights granted to any multiple unit franchisees and any other franchisees with 
franchise development rights, ADQ and its affiliates have the right to operate and grant others the 
right to operate competing business under the Trademarks, any affiliate’s trademarks, or any other 
trademarks at any location but your store’s authorized location. These locations may include 
freestanding buildings and facilities, strip centers, shopping malls, and other similar locations. 
These locations also may include transportation terminals, sports facilities, recreation areas, hotels, 
hospitals, campus facilities, and other non-traditional locations. You do not have any right to 
exclude, control or impose conditions on the location or development of future restaurants or stores 
franchised by others or owned and operated by ADQ or its affiliates. 
ADQ and its affiliates also have the right to sell or distribute, themselves or through designees, 
products and services through any distribution channels or methods, including the internet (or any 
other existing or future form of electronic commerce such as social media, mobile applications, 
third party platforms and the metaverse), catalog sales, telemarketing or other direct marketing and 
pre-packaged retail sales using the Trademarks, or any other trademarks, service marks, trade 
names and commercial symbols, without any compensation to franchisees. 
ADQ has the right during the term of a MultiTRA to establish, or license third parties to establish, 
within your trade areas, DQ Grill & Chill®, DQ® Treat, or other restaurants or stores using the 
Trademarks in: (1) shopping centers (open air or enclosed) of at least 500,000 square feet of gross 
