 
20 
G&C FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26 
Training, and Service, Management and Financial Basics Training (phases 1 and 2), in which case 
the cost of the remaining phase of ADQ’s training program is $1,000/person.  If you pay the full 
initial franchise fee, you can send three people to ADQ’s training program without paying a training 
fee. 
 
The low end of the range assumes you pay for three people to take the MTRA and obtain 
SERVSAFE certification. The high end of the range assumes you pay for three people to take the 
MTRA, obtain SERVSAFE certification and attend all three phases of ADQ’s training program. If 
all people required to attend training do not pass People, PRIDE, and Profit Training (phase 3) 
within six months after phase 2 completion, you must pay an additional $1,000/person for phase 3 
completion.  
 
The MTRA fee is nonrefundable. If a training attendee cancels a scheduled MTRA more than one 
business day before the scheduled MTRA, the MTRA fee will be applied to the next scheduled 
MTRA for that attendee. If a training attendee fails to cancel at least one business day before the 
scheduled MTRA or fails to appear at the testing facility, the MTRA fee will be forfeited. 
 
If you enter into a MultiTRA and pay the applicable trade area reservation fees, ADQ’s training 
program is provided at no additional cost for all people initially required to attend from only your 
first and second restaurants developed under the MultiTRA. For any additional people or for 
subsequent DQ Grill & Chill® restaurants, you are responsible for ADQ’s then-current training 
program fee. 
 
In limited instances, you may be required to pay ADQ a fee for on-site pre-opening and opening 
assistance. Availability of this assistance is at ADQ’s discretion, and you must pay for the full 
opening program as determined by ADQ. The fee is approximately $800 per day, per person that 
provides assistance, which is due prior to the time the on-site pre-opening and opening assistance 
is rendered. The total due can vary widely, depending on various factors such as your and your 
crew’s level of experience, the number of ADQ personnel providing assistance, and the extent and 
duration of assistance provided. 
 
If you relocate a restaurant under ADQ’s relocation policy, you are required to meet the then-
current minimum training requirements for new DQ Grill & Chill® restaurants. For those training 
items listed in this table (all phases of ADQ’s training program, the MTRA, and a SERVSAFE 
course) for which your management team is not in compliance, you must comply and pay all 
associated fees described in this Item 7. 
(6) 
The total amount of travel and living expenses will vary depending on the number of training 
attendees and the types of training completed by your training attendees; these estimates assume 
you send three people to all three training components. ADQ estimates you will pay approximately 
$0 - $250/person for the MTRA (the MTRA is generally available at locations reasonably close to 
prospective franchisees), $0 - $400/person for a SERVSAFE course, and $7,550 - $14,000/person 
for all phases of ADQ’s training program.  
 
If you enter into a MultiTRA, your costs will be higher because you need to send your “Designated 
Supervisory Executive” and at least one “Supervisor” (as these terms are defined in Item 15) to 
training.  
(7) 
This estimate is for site work and building construction, but excludes the cost of land. If you lease 
your facility, estimated costs range from $350,000 to $500,000 or more, and if you own your 
facility, estimated costs range from $600,000 to $980,000 or more. ADQ typically does not provide 
