 
3/2025 
 
3 
 
construction, however, an alternative system may be utilized that does not alter the building 
image and brand identity. 
 
5. 
OWNERSHIP AND MODIFICATIONS TO THE PLANS--If the Plans are modified by 
anyone other than ADQ, Licensee shall submit a copy of the modified plans to ADQ for 
review and written approval. Construction of a modified building shall not commence 
without plan approval from ADQ.  ADQ must approve in writing any proposed alteration to 
previously approved building plans, including those ADQ or designee prepares. Further, if 
your local architect makes revisions to ADQ Plans, these revisions shall become the property 
of ADQ, and ADQ has the right to use those plans in any manner in the future. 
 
6. 
EXPIRATION OF PLANS-- Plans provided by ADQ are valid for six months from the date 
of issuance. After the six-month time period, Plans will no longer be valid unless Licensee 
has obtained a written extension from ADQ. 
 
7. 
ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF LICENSEE'S CONSTRUCTION RESPONSIBILITIES--See 
attached Exhibit "A." 
 
8. 
TO PROCEED, you must first sign this agreement and the attached Non-Disclosure Letter, 
and send them to: 
 
 
AMERICAN DAIRY QUEEN CORPORATION 
 
Attn: Architecture/Construction Dept. 
 
8000 Tower, Suite 700 
 
8331 Norman Center Drive 
 
BLOOMINGTON, MINNESOTA 55437 
Unless your store is a new ARD or NRD restaurant for which you paid the full, applicable 
initial franchisee fee, you must include a check made payable to "American Dairy Queen 
Corporation" for payment of the base fee of $3,000.00 indicated above. 
9. 
LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION--Licensee waives all claims against ADQ for 
damages to property or injuries to persons arising out of the design and/or construction of 
Licensee’s building pursuant to this Agreement or in any way relating to the Plans or this 
Agreement.  Licensee must fully protect, indemnify and defend ADQ and its affiliates and 
hold them harmless from and against any and all claims, demands, damages, and liabilities 
of any nature whatsoever arising in any manner, directly or indirectly, out of, in connection 
with, or incident to the Plans, the franchised location, this Agreement (regardless of cause 
or any concurrent or contributing fault or negligence of ADQ) or any breach or failure to 
comply with this Agreement. 
10. 
INSURANCE--Licensee must purchase and maintain at its own expense liability insurance 
in an amount equal to the greater of (a) $2,000,000 per occurrence or a higher amount that 
ADQ may in the future require of similarly situated Licensees, (b) the amount the lessor of 
the Restaurant premises may require or (c) the amount required under Licensee’s operating 
