4025 G&C Oper Agmt – 3/25 
6 
Licensee must not use the Restaurant premises or Authorized Location in 
violation of section 14.6. 
5.2 
Future Alteration. Any replacement, reconstruction, addition or modification 
in the building, premises, interior or exterior decor or image, equipment or 
signage of the Restaurant to be made after Company’s consent is granted for 
initial plans, whether at the request of Licensee or of Company, must be made in 
accordance Company’s then current specifications and standards. Licensee must 
not commence any replacement, reconstruction, addition or modification until 
Licensee has received Company’s written consent to Licensee’s revised building 
plans. Company owns any alterations or improvements made by or on behalf of 
Licensee to the building plans. 
5.3 
Maintenance. Licensee must maintain the building, premises, grounds, 
equipment and signage used in the operation of the Restaurant in good condition 
and in accordance with requirements established periodically by Company, and 
any reasonable schedules prepared by Company based upon periodic evaluations 
of the premises by Company’s representatives. Within 90 days after the receipt of 
a report based on an evaluation, Licensee must effect the items of maintenance 
designated in the report, including the repair of defective items or the 
replacement of irreparable or obsolete items of equipment and signage. 
5.4 
Relocation. If it becomes necessary to replace or relocate the Restaurant 
because of the condemnation of the Authorized Location, the exercise of a 
replacement or relocation right by Licensee’s landlord, or for some other reason 
approved by Company, then Company will grant Licensee authority to replace or 
relocate upon the following conditions: 
(A) 
The new location must be: 
(1) 
Acceptable to Company; 
(2) 
Reasonably suited for a Restaurant; 
(3) 
In a location that is consistent with Company’s current site selection 
guidelines; and  
(4) 
If the Restaurant is a Captive-venue Location, within the same 
building or venue as the Authorized Location, or if the Restaurant is 
a Street Location, within a 500 meter radius of the Authorized 
Location. 
(B) 
The new site must not infringe on the rights of any other licensee or 
sublicensee of Company. 
(C) 
After Licensee discontinues operation of the Restaurant at the Authorized 
Location, the new Restaurant must be under construction within 30 days 
if a Captive-venue Location, or 180 days if a Street Location. 
