 
G&C MultiTRA Agmt – 3/25 
-2- 
Development Area, collectively referred to as “Special Sites”:  (1) shopping centers (open air or 
enclosed) of at least 500,000 square feet of gross leasable area; (2) transportation terminals; (3) food 
service centers, residence halls, or student unions on college/university campuses; (4) sports 
stadiums or adventure or theme parks; (5) retail or commercial buildings and facilities of at least 
150,000 square feet; or (6) any institutional locations, including, but not limited to public 
buildings, airports, schools, hospitals, factories, turnpikes, toll roads, universities, and existing or 
hereafter established U. S. Military establishments.  In addition, during and after the term of this 
Agreement, Company and its affiliates shall have the right to establish or license third parties to 
establish competing businesses identified by trademarks, service marks, trade names and commercial 
symbols other than the Trademarks at any locations both within and outside of the Trade Areas.  
Further, during and after the term of this Agreement, Company and its affiliates have the right to 
distribute, both within and outside of the Trade Areas, products identified by the Trademarks, or any 
other trademarks, service marks, trade names and commercial symbols, through any distribution 
channels or methods, including the internet (or any other existing or future form of electronic 
commerce), which periodically may be established or licensed by Company or its affiliates. Rights 
or approvals previously granted by Company to other persons or entities are not affected by this 
Agreement. This Agreement shall not limit Company’s ability to renew or extend existing 
agreements or enter into new agreements for Restaurants whether previously approved and under 
development or otherwise. 
 
C. 
Substitute Trade Area.   Under the following limited circumstances only, 
Company will allow Developer to remove a Trade Area from Appendix A and replace it with a 
new Trade Area (a “Substitute Trade Area”), so long as the Substitute Trade Area is reviewed and 
approved by Company in accordance with its then current development process. Developer 
agrees that a Substitute Trade Area is the Developer's sole and exclusive remedy for the 
circumstances listed below. Even if Company allows a Substitute Trade Area, Developer must 
maintain compliance with all Schedule B requirements. 
 
1. 
Significant Real Estate Constraints.  If Developer believes a Trade Area 
is not viable due to lack of available real estate, in such case Developer shall submit 
written evidence of its attempts to diligently locate a site in the Trade Area to Company. 
 
2. 
Impact on Developer's Trade Area.  If Company notifies Developer in 
writing that it intends to develop, or approve another franchisee to develop, a Restaurant 
(the “New Restaurant”) contiguous to a Trade Area as part of the Trade Area and site 
clearance process, and the Developer timely submits a written concern to Company 
stating that the New Restaurant would render the Trade Area economically unviable.  
 
3. 
Site Denied.  If Company denies site approval and Company decides 
there is no other comparable site in the Trade Area. 
 
4. 
Failure to Obtain Permits.  If Developer is prevented from developing a 
site within a Trade Area due to zoning restrictions or failure to receive permits required 
for the construction, occupancy or operation of the Restaurant after diligent attempts to 
obtain the permits; in such case Developer shall submit to Company written evidence of 
its attempts to obtain the permits.  
 
2. 
DEVELOPMENT OBLIGATIONS 
 
2. 
The following provisions shall control with respect to Developer’s development rights and 
obligations: 
 
A. 
Development and Opening Commitment Schedule.  Developer must comply with 
the development and opening commitment schedule set forth in Appendix B (the “Development 
