 
4 
G&C FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26 
Business of ADQ 
ADQ’s business includes administering its franchise system, establishing and conducting sales 
promotion programs for DQ® products, and providing various services to its franchisees (see 
Items 8 and 11). In addition, since ADQ’s incorporation, ADQ has operated DQ® restaurants and 
stores on an interim basis. ADQ does not operate any company-owned DQ Grill & Chill® 
restaurants as of the date of this disclosure document, although, as explained further below, ADQ’s 
affiliate, DQTR, owns and operates two DQ Grill & Chill® restaurants. 
In addition to the franchise offered under this franchise disclosure document, ADQ offers 
franchises for other concepts through separate franchise disclosure documents: 
• DQ® Treat. ADQ offers single unit franchises for the operation of DQ® Treat locations 
under the trade name DQ®/Dairy Queen® in Street locations and DQ®/Orange Julius® in 
Captive-venue locations. DQ® Treat locations sell Dairy Queen® soft-serve treat and 
beverage products and a limited number of approved food items.  
 
• Texas DQ® Restaurant. Due to historical factors unique to Texas, ADQ offers single and 
multiple unit franchises in Texas for DQ® restaurants with a food menu different than the DQ 
Grill & Chill® food menu, which is called “Texas Country Food.” The DQ® restaurant 
multiple unit franchises permit a franchisee to establish and operate a specific number of 
DQ® restaurants at authorized locations in Texas within a specific geographic or trade area 
under separate franchise agreements for each restaurant. 
In November 2021, ADQ’s affiliate, Orange Julius of America (OJA), transferred and assigned all 
of its right, title and interest in and to its Orange Julius® and other trademarks, as well as all of its 
right, title and interest in and to the Orange Julius® franchise system and existing Orange Julius® 
franchise agreements, to ADQ.  Since that time, ADQ’s business has included administering the 
Orange Julius® franchise system, establishing and conducting sales promotion programs for 
Orange Julius® products, and providing various services to Orange Julius® franchisees.  ADQ is 
not offering or issuing any new Orange Julius® franchises.  OJA was dissolved in December 2021. 
In the past ADQ issued standard and urban territory franchises in the United States, which are 
territory franchises that allow the territory operator to develop the Dairy Queen®/Brazier® (and 
now DQ Grill & Chill®) and Dairy Queen®/Limited Brazier® businesses within a defined 
geographical area (“territory”) through subfranchising to third parties. ADQ occasionally acquires 
a territory operator’s interest in various restaurant and store franchise agreements through 
negotiated acquisitions of territorial subfranchising rights. Also in the past, ADQ issued Dairy 
Queen® soft-serve-only franchises (a store featuring approved Dairy Queen® soft-serve treat 
products which may or may not sell non-system food), Dairy Queen®/Limited Brazier® franchises 
(a store featuring approved Dairy Queen® soft-serve treat products and a limited number of 
approved food items), Dairy Queen®/Brazier® franchises (a restaurant featuring approved Dairy 
Queen® soft-serve treat products and a full menu of Brazier® food items), and Dairy Queen®/Fuel 
Center franchises (a franchise specifically offered for locations operated in conjunction with or 
adjacent to a fuel dispensing or travel business). For these franchises that ADQ no longer offers, 
there may be existing franchisees that were granted licenses under these franchise programs 
(including territory operators who continue to subfranchise). 
