4025 G&C Oper Agmt – 3/25 
18 
Company’s determination as to amounts due. Unless Licensee provides 
evidence in a form satisfactory to Company of the correct amounts due 
within 14 days after Company provides notice to Licensee, then Company’s 
reconciliation will be conclusive as to the amounts due to Company from 
Licensee. Licensee must pay any amounts due immediately at the end of 
the 14 days. If Company determines that Licensee has overpaid continuing 
license or sales promotion program fees, Company will remit to or credit 
Licensee an amount equal to the excess fees collected at the time the 
reconciliation is provided to Licensee. 
(D) 
Company will collect, via the method described in section 9.7, all weekly 
payments and any amounts due to Company after Company’s 
reconciliation. 
(E) 
Company may periodically revise the amount that Licensee is required 
to pay to Company each week if Company determines that the amount is 
too low or high as compared to the actual continuing license and sales 
promotion program fees due to Company from Licensee each month. 
9.6 
Electronic Funds Transfer. Licensee must sign an electronic transfer of 
funds authorization, or other documents that Company designates periodically, 
to authorize and direct Licensee’s bank or financial institution to transfer 
either electronically or through some other method of payment Company 
designates, directly to the account of Company or its affiliates and to charge to 
the account of Licensee all amounts due to Company or its affiliates from 
Licensee. Licensee’s authorizations permit Company or its affiliates to 
designate the amount to be transferred from Licensee’s account. Licensee must 
maintain a balance in its account sufficient to allow Company and its affiliates 
to collect the amounts owed to them when due. Licensee is responsible for any 
penalties, fines or other similar expenses associated with the transfer of funds 
described in this subparagraph. Company may require Licensee to pay as 
described in this section, regardless of whether Company imposes the same 
requirement on other DQ® licensees. 
9.7 
Interest; Late Fees. All amounts owed by Licensee to Company or its affiliates 
under this agreement will bear interest at the lesser of 18% per annum or the 
maximum rate of interest permitted by governing law. Company may also 
charge Licensee a $50 fee for each late report or payment owed to Company 
under this agreement. This fee is not interest or a penalty, but compensates 
Company for increased administrative and management costs due to late 
payment. A payment is late if: 
(A) 
It is not received by Company on or before the date due; 
(B) 
The payment is received by Company on or before the date due, but is not 
honored by Licensee’s bank or financial institution; or 
