   
       
5 
 
6. 
Support, Maintenance and Enhancement. 
 
6.1 
Level 2 Support. Level 2 Support (L2) is included as a component of Customer’s Subscription. L2 includes 
answers to questions, guidance, and other assistance provided via telephone for the correction of technical problems 
encountered in the use of the covered Edition and Optional Features as defined in Customer’s Order Form(s). L2 is 
provided directly to Customer’s DCR(s). L2 does not include assistance with any version of the Service not currently 
offered by RM; any on-site services; remote or on-site training or configuration services for which RM generally 
charges a Professional Services fee; or, scripting, programming, consultation, interfacing with third party applications 
whether acquired by Customer or made available through the Service. 
 
6.2 
RM Responsibilities. RM will resolve problems in a timely, professional manner. RM will maintain a 
knowledgeable staff available during the hours described herein. RM will provide a venue for Customer to report bugs 
and deficiencies, and RM will make commercially reasonable efforts to resolve issues reported according to venue 
guidelines. RM will provide a venue for Customer to make requests, and RM will consider these requests as it 
continues to improve and enhance the Service. RM will provide a “Wiki” styled help tool to assist Users. 
 
6.3 
Customer Responsibilities.      Customer will provide that all Users maintain a working knowledge of their 
use of the Service. Customer will maintain a DCR level sufficient for the successful use of and support of the 
Service. 
Customer 
will 
meet 
the 
Device 
and 
Service 
Requirements 
published 
at 
http://www.restaurantmagic.com/Requirements.aspx or elsewhere, which may be updated from time to time. 
 
6.4 
Priority Levels. At RM’s sole determination, all problems with the Service will be assigned a priority 
Level as follows: 
 
(ii) 
Priority Level 1 Problems are events that result in a total malfunction, and which cannot be circumvented 
(an RM infrastructure interruption occurs, or a critical function is missing or causes an error, making it infeasible 
to be used in any productive fashion); 
 
(iii) 
Priority Level 2 Problems are events that result in the loss of some level of functionality in a major feature, 
but other features are still accessible by Customer (this type of problem makes it difficult but not impossible to perform 
most daily business functions); 
 
(iv) 
Priority Level 3 Problems are events that result in the loss of some functionality in a minor feature, but the 
Service is still accessible by Customer, and the problem has a minor impact on its operation (this type of problem is an 
annoyance to Customer but does not significantly impact Customer’s ability to perform daily business functions.); 
 
(v) 
Priority Level 4 Problems are events where the Service has complete functionality and is still accessible 
by Customer, but a bug or defect exists (these problems include Service cosmetic problems and minor Service 
problems.) 
 
6.5 
Problem Response. RM will respond to problems as follows: Attended Phone L2 is provided Monday 
through Thursday 8:00 AM ET – 9:00 PM ET, and Friday 8:00 AM ET – 6:00 PM ET. L2 is provided via the Voice 
Mail System Monday through Thursday, 9:00 PM ET – 8:00 AM ET, Weekends from Friday 6:00 PM ET 
– Monday 8:00 AM ET, and on the following Public Holidays: New Year’s Day, Memorial Day, Independence 
Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving Day, and Christmas Day. A Self Service Portal, which bypasses the phone system, is 
included as a component of Customer’s Subscription. This system is available 24/7/365 for reporting issues, tracking 
problem resolution, and receiving updates. 
 
(i) 
Priority Level 1 Problem Response: RM will respond within 1 hour during Attended Phone Service 
hours. RM will respond within 4 hours during L2 Voice Mail System hours. 
 
(ii) 
Priority Level 2 Problem Response: RM will respond within 6 hours during Attended Phone Service 
hours. RM will respond within 8 hours during L2 Voice Mail System hours. 
