DQ Participation Agreement 
 
 
 
17 
 
 
 
 
 
02/05/25 
 
Participating Location Sales Order and included in the PAR Solution. Refer to the Installation 
Guide for in scope Equipment. PAR Installation Services will include the following after 
Participating Location’s execution of the Participation Agreement and Sales Order, and in 
accordance with the market installation schedule as determined by PAR and Dairy Queen, for a 
Participating Location: 
1.5.1. PAR will make available or provide via email a welcome packet including contact 
information and site readiness information to Participating Location designated point of 
contact. Refer to the Dairy Queen PAR Brink POS Welcome Information as set forth in 
the Installation Guide. 
1.5.2. Provide a date and time to perform the Installation Services at the Participating Location 
after execution of the Participation Agreement and Sales Order, and in accordance with 
the Area Installation schedule as determined by PAR and Dairy Queen. If the 
Participating Location’s designated point of contact cannot be reached within three (3) 
business days, Dairy Queen will be notified to assist with the scheduling communications. 
1.5.3. Confirm Participating Location’s readiness to install the PAR Solution approximately 
three (3) business days prior to the scheduled POS installation as defined in the Site 
Readiness Checklist and identified in the Pre-Installation Site Survey. Refer to Dairy 
Queen Site-Readiness Checklist and the Dairy Queen PAR Site Survey Form the 
Installation Guide. 
1.5.4. Upon arrival at the Dairy Queen Participating Location on the scheduled installation date, 
PAR will review the Pre-Installation Site Survey as specified in the Dairy Queen Site- 
Readiness Checklist as set forth in the Installation Guide, prior to the removal of any 
existing equipment. 
1.5.5. Remove existing equipment to be replaced, including: point of sale terminals, cash 
drawers, kitchen display equipment, receipt printers, kitchen printers and other system 
peripherals. 
1.5.6. Install the Equipment set forth on the Participating Location Sales Order and connect all 
cables required in accordance with the PAR Dairy Queen Installation Manual, found in the 
Installation Guide. 
1.5.7. PAR will test system with Participating Location designated point of contact and record 
any open issues in the post-installation reporting. 
1.5.8. PAR will make post-installation reporting available to Dairy Queen including 
photographic images captured during the installation and the Dairy Queen Manager Post 
Installation Checklist as set forth in the Installation Guide. 
 
1.6. Network Cabling Services 
PAR will provide network cabling services set forth on Participating Location Sales Order. Network 
Cabling Services include the following: 
1.6.1. Obtain the appropriate licenses and permits required to perform work at the Participating 
Location. Low voltage permit and/or jurisdictional licensing fees as well as the cost to 
obtain these will be invoiced to the Participating Location. Requests for network cabling 
must be made at least 45 calendar days prior to the scheduled installation date. 
1.6.2. Remove existing cabling where required to complete the installation of new cabling. 
1.6.3. Install cabling required for installation of the Equipment as set forth on the sales order. 
1.6.4. Certify all cables installed and provide certifications in post-installation reporting. 
1.6.5. If a Participating Location installs network cabling, a Customer Acknowledgement of 
Low Voltage Cabling Self-Install as set forth in the Installation Guide form must be 
completed and submitted to PAR. 
 
 
