 
6 
G&C FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26 
Company 
Franchise Program 
Period Franchises Offered 
Number of 
Franchises 
operating as of 
12/31/24 
International Franchise Locations 
(outside the U.S. and Canada) 
1971 – Present 
2,853 
Orange Julius® 
1963 – Present 
11 
 
 
 
DQC 
 
DQ Grill & Chill® 
1963 – Present 
510(5) 
DQ® Treat 
1973 – Present 
184(6) 
Orange Julius® 
1977 – Present 
12 
 
(1) 
The total for DQ Grill & Chill® includes some restaurants originally franchised under 
the Dairy Queen®/Brazier® restaurant concept.  As the systems, menus and products 
for these two concepts has evolved, the distinction between them has diminished. 
(2) 
The total for DQ® Treat includes stores that sell the Dairy Queen® softserve menu along 
with a limited food menu, and stores that sell only the Dairy Queen® softserve menu.  
As the systems, menus and products for these concepts has evolved, the distinction 
between them has diminished. 
(3) 
Territory operators that have a signed Brazier® food service addendum to their territory 
agreements are authorized to offer approved food products under the Brazier®, DQ Grill 
& Chill® and other related trademarks. 
(4) 
In addition to territory operators who were granted standard territory or urban territory 
franchises, other territory operators conduct the Dairy Queen®, Dairy Queen®/Brazier® 
or DQ Grill & Chill® business under older forms of franchise agreement, many of which 
were issued more than 30 years ago.  
(5) 
The total for DQ Grill & Chill® includes some restaurants originally franchised under 
the Dairy Queen®/Brazier® restaurant concept.  As the systems, menus and products 
for these two concepts has evolved, the distinction between them has diminished. 
(6) 
The total for DQ® Treat includes stores that sell the Dairy Queen® softserve menu along 
with a limited food menu, and some stores that sell only the Dairy Queen® softserve 
menu.  As the systems, menus and products for these concepts has evolved, the 
distinction between them has diminished. 
