DQ Participation Agreement 
 
 
 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
02/05/25 
 
 
 
PURCHASE OF EQUIPMENT, SUBSCRIPTION SOFTWARE SERVICES, 
INSTALLATION AND OTHER SERVICES 
 
PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT 
 
By executing this PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT (“Participation Agreement”), effective 
____________________ (“Effective Date”), the undersigned Participating Location and ParTech, Inc. 
(“PAR”) hereby agrees to the following: 
 
1. PAR Equipment Terms and Conditions of Sale, Subscription Software Services Terms and 
Conditions and PARPay Terms and Conditions. Participating Location and PAR 
acknowledges and agrees to be bound by the Terms and Conditions of Sale attached to this 
Agreement as Schedule A (including the terms and conditions of the Installation Services set 
forth on Schedule A-1) and incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement (the “Equipment 
T&C of Sale”), the Subscription Software Services Terms and Conditions attached to this 
Agreement as Schedule B and incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement (the “SaaS 
T&C”), and the PARPay Service Terms and Conditions attached to this Agreement as Schedule C 
and incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement (“PARPay Service T&C”). 
2. PAR Sales Order for Equipment, Subscription Software Services and Services. Participating 
Location and PAR acknowledges and agrees to be bound by the final executed Sales Order for 
Equipment, Subscription Software Services and Services, which is incorporated into and made a 
part of this Agreement by reference (the “Sales Order”). A copy of a sample Sales Order is 
attached to this Agreement as Schedule D, along with Schedule D-1 Standard Dairy Queen 
Configurations for Participating Location’s reference. 
3. Master Hardware and Software Agreement with Dairy Queen. Participating Location 
acknowledges that: PAR and American Dairy Queen Corporation (“Dairy Queen”) have 
negotiated a Master Hardware and Software Agreement (the “Master Agreement”) to cover the 
acquisition and use of PAR Equipment, delivering of Services, and the license of Subscription 
Software Services by Dairy Queen and its franchisees, including Participating Location. Upon 
expiration of the Master Agreement or termination of the Master Agreement for convenience by 
Dairy Queen, at Participating Location’s option, this Participation Agreement will terminate 
(subject to payment of all remaining payments for Equipment and Installation Services purchased 
under any financing agreement, or payable under any Conversion Letter, if applicable) or 
continue until the expiration of the current term of this Participation Agreement, as applicable, 
subject to a Transition Period agreed to by PAR and Dairy Queen. Upon termination of the 
Master Agreement for any reason other than for convenience, this Participation Agreement will 
terminate, subject to a twelve (12) month Transition Period agreed to by PAR and Dairy Queen 
and payment of all remaining payments for Equipment and Installation Services under any 
financing agreement or payable under any Conversion Letter, if applicable. 
 
 
