DQ Participation Agreement 
 
 
 
4 
 
 
 
 
 
02/05/25 
 
 
SCHEDULE A 
to Participation Agreement 
 
TERMS & CONDITIONS OF SALE 
 
1. Terms and Conditions. These Terms and Conditions of Sale (“Terms”) shall apply to the sale by PAR 
of the Equipment, Installation Services, Advance Exchange Services and On-Site Remedial Maintenance 
Services to Participating Location. These Terms constitute the agreement between PAR and Participating 
Location with respect to Participating Location’s purchase and PAR’s sale of the Equipment, Installation 
Services, Advance Exchange Services and On-Site Remedial Maintenance Services, to the exclusion of any 
pre-printed or contrary terms of any purchase order (or similar document) and supersedes and cancels any 
prior discussions, understandings, or representations between PAR and Participating Location. No addition 
to or modification of these Terms shall be binding upon either party unless expressly agreed to by PAR and 
Participating Location in writing, and, if these Terms are deemed an offer, acceptance is expressly limited 
to these Terms. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set 
forth in Section 8(g) below. 
 
2. Sales Order/Purchase Orders. Participating Location will purchase the Equipment, Installation 
Services, Advance Exchange Services and/or On-Site Remedial Maintenance Services from PAR by 
submitting PAR’s Sales Order (“Sales Order”) or a written purchase order (“Purchase Order”) to PAR. 
These Terms will apply to the Sales Order or any Purchase Order and supersedes any different or additional 
terms on Participating Location’s Purchase Order(s). Purchase Orders issued by Participating Location to 
PAR are solely for the purpose of identifying the Equipment, Installation Services, Advance Exchange 
Services and/or On-Site Remedial Maintenance Services to be purchased, requesting delivery dates and 
quantities, specifying the ship-to and bill-to addresses, and specifying the applicable price for the 
Equipment, Installation Services, Advance Exchange Services and/or On-Site Remedial Maintenance 
Services; all other terms on such Participating Location Purchase Order(s) shall have no force or effect. 
Sales Orders/Purchase Orders are subject to acceptance by PAR (which acceptance may be evidenced by 
PAR’s shipment of the Equipment or performance of the services). All Sales Orders/Purchase Orders are 
non-cancellable by Customer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if PAR agrees to cancel any Sales 
Order/Purchase Order, PAR may condition such cancellation on Customer paying a 10% restocking fee for 
any Equipment or other items returned to PAR. 
 
3. Purchase & Sale of Equipment. 
(a) Sale of Equipment. 
PAR will sell Participating Location the Equipment described in the Sales 
Order/Purchase order (the “Equipment”). 
(b) Equipment Purchase Price. The purchase price for the Equipment shall be the purchase price set forth 
in the Sales Order/Purchase Order (the “Purchase Price”). 
(c) Shipping. PAR shall ship the Equipment to the location identified on the Sales Order/Purchase Order. 
PAR shall have the option of selecting the carrier, the route and method of shipment. 
(d) Title and Risk of Loss. The Equipment is delivered D.D.P. Participating Location (Participating 
Location’s applicable address) per IncoTerms 2010. Title to and risk of loss of the Equipment shall pass to 
Participating Location at delivery, and delivery shall mean at the time the Equipment is unloaded by carrier 
at applicable Participating Location’s ship-to address and signed for by an authorized representative of 
Participating Location. Delivery will be made with instruction for inside delivery only with signature 
required by an authorized representative of Participating Location; provided however, if a Participating 
