DQ Participation Agreement 
 
 
 
38 
 
 
 
 
02/05/25 
 
Location may not loan, lease, rent, disclose, sell, transfer, sublicense, or otherwise use, copy, or distribute 
copies of the Device Software or PARPay Service, in whole or in part, including without limitation any screens, 
content, graphics, or output of the Device Software or PARPay Service, except that Participating Location may 
print out reports and comparisons in connection with the Purpose and not for any other use, except as expressly 
permitted by these PARPay Terms. Participating Location also may not use the Device Software or PARPay 
Service to create any tables, files, databases, derivative works, or other compendiums or works, except as 
expressly permitted by these PARPay Terms. The PARPay Service does not include an Internet access service; 
Participating Location must separately arrange for and pay for access to the Internet in order to access and use 
the Service. 
 
3. 
AUTHORIZATION - As long as Participating Location remains in good standing, Participating 
Location and those of Participating Location’s employees who have been duly registered as an Authorized User 
and whose registration is current are authorized to access the PARPay Service only through the use of both (1) 
the unique username issued to Participating Location for each Participating Location Authorized User enrolled 
in the PARPay Service, and (2) the corresponding unique password created by each of Participating Location’s 
Authorized Users in connection with their username. PAR reserves the right to inactivate or “timeout” a session 
after a reasonable amount of time of inactivity by an Authorized User. Participating Location shall be solely 
responsible for the manner in which Participating Location and Participating Location’s Authorized Users use 
the PARPay Services. Participating Location shall ensure that only Authorized Users have access to any user 
identifications or passwords for use in connection with the PARPay Services and shall not disclose such 
identifications or passwords to any other individual. Participating Location acknowledges and agrees that 
Participating Location is solely responsible for strictly maintaining the confidentiality and integrity of such 
identifications and passwords and Participating Location shall indemnify and hold PAR harmless from and 
against any liability, damages, or costs arising from Participating Location’s failure to comply with this 
obligation including, but not limited to, improper or unauthorized account access using Participating Location’s 
user identifications or passwords, provided such identifications or passwords were not improperly disseminated 
by PAR, its third party provider or any of their representatives. Participating Location shall notify PAR 
immediately in writing if the security or integrity of an identification or password has been compromised. 
 
SECTION D: PARPAY SERVICE TERM, SERIVCE FEES AND TERMINATION. 
1. TERM – The Initial Term of these PARPay Terms shall begin upon the date the PARPay Services are first 
used to process a transaction in Participating Location, and unless earlier terminated by either Participating 
Location or PAR pursuant to the terms set forth in these PARPay Terms or this Participation Agreement shall 
be for a period of five (5) years. These PARPay Terms shall automatically renew at the end of the Initial Term 
for additional successive periods of one (1) year (the “Renewal Term(s)”). The Initial Term and the Renewal 
Term(s) shall be referred to herein collectively as the “Term”. 
2. MUTUAL TERMINATION FOR MATERIAL BREACH. Except as otherwise provided herein, if 
either Participating Location or PAR is in breach of any material term of these PARPay Terms, the other party 
may terminate these PARPay Terms at the end of a written 30-day notice/cure period, if the breach has not been 
cured. 
i. 
Actions upon Termination for Material Breach. 
a. Upon any termination as provided in D.2. above by Participating Location, PAR must refund any 
prepaid and unused PARPay Service Fees under these PARPay Terms through the date of 
termination. 
