Dairy Queen Participation Agreement Revised 08-18-2022 
provide and does not manage Participating Location's Internet circuit and is not responsible for the 
performance of said circuit and assumes no liability for issues with Internet speed or performance related to 
the Internet circuit. Furthermore, Participating Location acknowledges that if their Internet connectivity is not 
a terrestrial (land-based) high-speed always-on cable, broadband, fiber, or dedicated circuit (i.e. T1 or 
similar), Acumera services may not perform optimally and that under such circumstances Acumera shall 
have no liability to Participating Location for issues caused by any inadequate or faulty Internet circuit. 
Customer acknowledges that if cellular data services are utilized by Customer, either for backup or primary 
connectivity, by a third-party, not covered under in this Agreement, Acumera shall not be responsible for 
any charges, including overage charges, incurred by Participating Location associated with the use of those 
services, including but not limited to circumstances where the data flows through the Equipment and/or the 
Equipment is managed or co-managed by Acumera to accommodate failover/failback or restrict the flow of 
said data. 
18.8. 
Cellular Usage and Over Charge Fees. Participating Location understands that there is a probability that 
an over usage will result when any traffic traverses a cellular backup circuit. Participating Location 
understands that it is solely responsible for paying any and all overage fees and associated taxes and fees 
that result from over usage associated with any of their devices, activated or not at the time of invoicing, 
regardless of the circumstances that caused the over usage to occur. 
18.9. 
The foregoing limitations, exclusions and disclaimers shall apply, regardless of whether the claim for such 
damages is based in contract, warranty, strict liability, negligence, tort or otherwise. Insofar as applicable 
law prohibits any limitation herein, the parties agree that such limitation will be automatically modified, but 
only to the extent so as to make the limitation permitted to the fullest extent possible under such law. The 
parties agree that the limitations on liabilities set forth herein are agreed allocations or risk constituting in 
part the consideration for Acumera's provision of Services to Participating Location, and such limitations will 
apply notwithstanding the failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy and even if a party has been 
advised of the possibility of such liabilities. 
19.
Data Breach Financial Protection Program. The Data Breach Financial Protection Program ("DBFP") is provided
through the North American Data Security Risk Purchasing Group ("NADSRPG") and administered by RGS Limited
LLC ("RGS"). The DBFP grants membership in the NADSRPG for merchants whose merchant ID numbers ("MIDS")
are provided to the NADSRPG on a monthly basis. General information relating to the DBFP may be found at:
www.Acumera.com/DBFP. Full details of the DBFP are set out at www.nadsrpg.com. By entering this Agreement
Participating Location confirms he/she has read and agrees to the terms of the Program as set out on the
www.nadsrpg.com webpage describing the limitations and requirements relating to coverage and claims (including
requirements to be satisfied in order for payments to be made under the DBFP). The DBFP's standard policy
provides levels of up to $100,000 per MID/$500,000 per Merchant of coverage per breach occurrence subject to the
terms and conditions set out on the webpage. The total liability in relation to the DBFP is limited to the Program's
stated amount of coverage. Participating Location hereby acknowledges that Acumera is merely facilitating access
to the DBFP by providing MID reporting and payment services for Participating Location in connection with provision
of the Services hereunder and Acumera shall in no way be held liable or responsible for any loss or damage of
Participating Location or any merchant arising in connection with the Program.
20.
No Benefit to Others. The representations, warranties, covenants, and agreements contained in this Agreement
are for the sole benefit of the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns, and they are not to be
construed as conferring any rights on any other persons.
21.
Assignment. Neither Participating Location nor Acumera may assign or transfer this Agreement to a third party
without the prior written consent of the other party, which shall not be unreasonably withheld; provided, however, the
Agreement may be assigned as part of a merger, or sale of all or substantially all of the business or assets, of either
party.
22.
Integration; Amendment; Headings; Construction; Counterparts. This Agreement contains the entire agreement
of the parties and there are no other promises or conditions in any other agreement, oral or written. This Agreement
supersedes any prior written or oral agreements between the parties. This Agreement may be amended only if the
amendment is in writing and is signed by both parties. The headings used in this Agreement are for convenience of
reference only and form no part of this Agreement. This Agreement was negotiated by the parties, and, therefore, it
shall not be strictly construed against either party as the drafter. This Agreement may be executed in one or more
counterparts; if so, all counterparts constitute one agreement.
23.
Notices. All notices under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given upon: (i)
personal delivery; (ii) upon receipt of overnight mail during business hours or the third business day after mailing
using postal service first class mail; (iii) 24 hours after sending by confirmed email; or, for operational issues, to
Participating Location at the email address given by Participating Location to Acumera. Notices to Acumera shall be
