 
2 
G&C FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26 
Due to the existence of various programs designed to increase unification in the franchised system, 
there will be DQ Grill & Chill® restaurants that do not look similar to your restaurant and may 
not have the same design requirements. However, except for unique circumstances, DQ Grill & 
Chill® restaurants will have the same trademarks, DQ® menu and business system as your DQ 
Grill & Chill® restaurant. 
In connection with your authorized franchise, you will: (1) use ADQ’s nationally recognized 
trademarks and service marks; (2) obtain access to the distinctive operational and management 
attributes of the DQ® system; (3) participate in ADQ’s national and regional sales promotion 
programs; and (4) receive the benefits of association with a nationally recognized franchise system, 
including various forms of training, opening and operational assistance. 
Single Unit Franchise 
The single unit DQ Grill & Chill® franchise is a license to operate a single DQ Grill & Chill® 
restaurant at an authorized location under the terms of the operating agreement (also referred 
to as the franchise agreement) included in this disclosure document as Exhibit B. 
ADQ may permit existing franchisees with a Street location to relocate their restaurants under 
ADQ’s relocation policy. More details about the relocation policy are included Items 5, 6, 7 
and 12. If you are a current franchisee of an existing DQ Grill & Chill® restaurant and ADQ 
is permitting you to relocate your restaurant under the relocation policy, you must sign the 
franchise agreement and the relocation addendum included in Exhibit B. The relocation policy 
is not applicable to Captive-venue locations. 
If you are a current franchisee of an existing DQ Grill & Chill® restaurant that has a contractual 
right to renew the existing franchise at the end of its initial term, and you meet ADQ’s 
qualifying criteria for renewal, you will be required to sign the franchise agreement and the 
renewal addendum included in Exhibit B. 
If you are purchasing or otherwise acquiring an existing DQ Grill & Chill® restaurant, and 
you meet ADQ’s qualifying criteria and requirements to obtain ADQ’s consent for the transfer, 
you will be required to sign the franchise agreement included in Exhibit B.   
Multiple Unit Franchises 
ADQ also offers a multiple unit development agreement for DQ Grill & Chill® franchises 
under the MultiTRA program to corporations, partnerships and other entities, but not to 
individuals.  
Under the MultiTRA program, a franchisee establishes and operates a specific number of DQ 
Grill & Chill® restaurants at authorized locations within specific trade areas (“trade areas”). 
The franchisee must sign ADQ’s then current franchise agreement for each DQ Grill & Chill® 
restaurant developed under the MultiTRA agreement, which franchise agreement may have 
different terms from the form of franchise agreement in this disclosure document. A franchisee 
granted multiple unit development rights under the MultiTRA program is referred to as a 
MultiTRA franchisee and must sign the multiple trade area reservation agreement included in 
Exhibit D.  
