DQ Participation Agreement 
 
 
 
39 
 
 
 
 
02/05/25 
 
b. Upon any termination as provided in D.2 above by PAR, Participating Location must pay any 
unpaid and owed PARPay Service Fees under these PARPay Terms through the date of 
termination. The PARPay Services will also be terminated. 
3. TERMINATION FOR CONVENIENCE BY PARTICIPATING LOCATION. Participating Location 
may terminate these PARPay Terms for convenience, at any time, for any reason upon thirty (30) days’ notice 
to PAR. 
i. 
Actions upon Termination for Convenience. 
a. Upon any termination as provided in D.3 above by Participating Location, PAR must refund any 
prepaid and unused PARPay Service Fees under these PARPay Terms through the date of 
termination. 
4. UPON TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION (FOR ANY REASON). Upon termination or expiration of 
these PARPay Terms (for any reason), Participating Location must no longer use the Device Software and 
return all User Documentation and all other property of PAR. Participating Location will confirm its 
compliance with this requirement in writing upon request of PAR. 
5. SERVICE FEES AND PAYMENT - To subscribe to the PARPay Service, Participating Location shall 
pay a one-time set-up/activation fee and the monthly subscription fees as set forth on the PAR Sales Order 
submitted by Participating Location (collectively, “PARPay Service Fees”). The PARPay Service Fees shall be 
paid monthly via automatic debit from Participating Location’s checking account and are non-refundable, 
except as otherwise provided herein. For any Participating Locations that operate their business on a “seasonal 
basis” they will pay PARPay Service Fees for 8 months a year starting each calendar year on April 1 through 
November 30. If the date Participating Location first uses the PARPay Services to process a transaction in 
Participating Location occurs before the 15th of the month, Participating Location will be charged Service Fees 
for that entire calendar month. If the date Participating Location first uses the PARPay Services to process a 
transaction in Participating Location of the PARPay Services occurs after the 15th of the month, Participating 
Location Service Fees will not commence until the first day of the following calendar month. 
6. RETURN OF DATA. Upon any termination, and upon Participating Location’s written request, PAR will 
make available to Participating Location, electronic copies of Participating Location PARPay Data then 
available on the PARPay Services, provided Participating Location is current on any PARPay Service Fees then 
owing. Participating Location PARPay Data shall be provided in Delimited File or XML only at no charge. 
PAR reserves the right (but are not obligated to) destroy or discard any Participating Location Data after ninety 
(90) days following termination. Upon written request by Participating Location, PAR will discard all 
Participating Location PARPay Data, provided PAR shall not be required to destroy or alter any computer 
archival and backup media or archival and backup files, but such archival and backup materials shall be kept 
confidential in accordance with the terms of these PARPay Terms. 
 
SECTION E: TRANSACTION DATA AND PARICIPATING LOCATION DATA. 
1. Participating Location will at all times own all right, title and interest in and to the Participating 
Location PARPay Data, including but not limited to “Gift/Credit/Debit Card Masked and Unmasked 
Data” generated through the Service. By submitting Participating Location PARPay Data to us for use 
on the Service, Participating Location grants PAR a worldwide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license 
to use, reproduce, modify and publish on the PARPay Service. Participating Location represents and 
warrants to PAR that Participating Location has the right to use, and to permit PAR to use 
Participating Location PARPay Data in order to provide the PARPay Services. Participating Location 
