 
37 
G&C FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26 
You must purchase and maintain a monthly subscription service for credit card processing, which 
includes the TransArmor solution encryption, from ADQ’s designated provider Fiserv (formerly, 
First Data). The cost for the credit card processing services is approximately 2% - 5% of the total 
amount of each sale made using an approved credit card and the cost for the TransArmor Solution 
is $19.95 per month. You must also purchase and pay for Verifone payment card data encryption 
services at a cost of approximately $10 per terminal per month and for Verifone payment device 
warranty at a cost of approximately $80 per device for a 3 year warranty. You must also purchase 
and maintain a managed firewall service from ADQ’s designated provider Acumera.  The cost for 
these services is approximately $51 per month.  Also, you must comply with the Payment Card 
Industry (PCI) Data Security Standards: https://www.pcisecuritystandards.org/. While you are not 
required to hire a third party contractor to ensure compliance with the PCI Data Security Standards 
(unless otherwise required to do so by your card processor), ADQ recommends you do so and 
estimates the initial cost of this to be $200 - $2,000, with an ongoing monthly fee of up to $100. 
You are required to participate in the system-wide gift card program administered by 
ValueLink, LLC and DQGC, and must sign the gift card participation agreement included in this 
disclosure document as Exhibit F. Gift card program fees are allocated based on a shared cost 
model between franchisees and the NMF. Currently, franchises pay fees equaling 3% of total gift 
card redemptions, which ADQ estimates will be about $200 per year per location. NMF covers the 
balance of the gift card program’s costs. In the future, the percentage allocation of costs between 
franchisees and NMF may change. These costs are in addition to any costs incurred by you in 
purchasing gift cards. 
All of the fees referenced in this section are to subject to change from time to time. 
Site Selection and Development Time 
You must locate and obtain a site that meets ADQ’s standards and criteria and that is acceptable 
to ADQ within 90 days after the date ADQ approves your franchise application. The general site 
selection and evaluation criteria you should consider include the quality of the trade area and the 
strategic fit of the site within the trade area, residential and daytime employment, attributes of the 
trade area that generate potential traffic and traffic patterns, ease of ingress and egress, physical 
attractiveness of the real estate, demographic information and consumer behavior information, 
competition, signage, site and building design requirements or restrictions, end-cap with drive-
thru capability on shopping centers and fuel centers, local marketing support and similar factors. 
You must obtain ADQ’s approval of the building plans and location prior to commencing 
construction of the restaurant. In certain circumstances, ADQ may identify a site and may assist in 
purchase or lease negotiations. You are under no obligation to accept the proposed site. ADQ’s 
identification of, or consent to, a site does not constitute a guarantee, recommendation, assurance 
or endorsement as to the success of the site or your restaurant. ADQ’s consent indicates only that 
ADQ believes that the particular site falls within its criteria as of the time period encompassing 
the evaluation. Application of site criteria that have been effective for other sites does not predict 
the potential success of any specific site. 
If you are a MultiTRA franchisee, you must obtain ADQ’s prior written consent to the site of any 
location developed under the MultiTRA agreement, and ADQ’s then current standards and criteria 
