 
46 
G&C FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26 
ADQ promptly of any infringement or unauthorized use of the patents and copyrights of which 
you become aware and cooperate with any action that ADQ undertakes; however, ADQ is not 
required by the franchise agreement to take affirmative action when notified of such uses. You do 
not have any rights under the franchise agreement if ADQ requires you to modify or discontinue 
using any subject matter covered by a patent or copyright. 
You must keep all proprietary information confidential during and after the term of the franchise 
agreement, including the Operations Manual and product preparation materials. You must not 
duplicate or disseminate any proprietary information to any party other than your employees who 
need to know such proprietary information, and you must comply with all changes to the 
Operations Manual at your cost. Upon termination of your franchise agreement, you must return 
all proprietary information to ADQ, including all copies of the Operations Manual and the product 
preparation materials then in your possession or control or previously disseminated to your 
employees, and all other copyright material. You must notify ADQ immediately if you learn about 
an unauthorized use of proprietary information, although ADQ is not required by the franchise 
agreement to take any action and has the right to determine the appropriate response to any 
unauthorized use of proprietary information. 
Item 15: Obligation to Participate in the Actual Operation of the Franchise Business 
You are required to operate your DQ Grill & Chill® franchise under your active and continuous 
supervision. If the franchisee is a business entity, the franchisee is required to have one owner who is 
responsible for overseeing the general management of the day-to-day operations of the location. You 
must have one designated manager and two assistant managers who have completed ADQ’s 
training requirements in Item 11. Designated and assistant managers must personally invest their 
full time and attention and devote their best efforts to the on-premises general management of the 
day-to-day operations of the location, and meet ADQ’s restaurant or retail management experience 
requirements. Designated and assistant managers may not participate in the active operation or 
management of any other business.  
You must ensure that any designated or assistant managers with access to confidential information 
(as defined in the franchise agreement) abide by the confidentiality obligations in the franchise 
agreement. Also, a designated manager cannot directly or indirectly operate, permit to be operated, 
or hold any interest in a competitive business. 
If you are a multiple unit franchisee, you must also designate one full-time senior executive 
(“Designated Supervisory Executive”) who must comply with ADQ’s additional experience, 
training and management requirements. 
The Designated Supervisory Executive must supervise the day to day business activities under the 
MultiTRA and manage your full time supervisors (each a “Supervisor”). You must employ at least 
one full-time Supervisor for each eight locations opened and operated under the MultiTRA. The 
Supervisors will supervise the operation and administration of their designated restaurants and 
manage the designated managers. For the first eight restaurants you open and operate under a 
MultiTRA, your Designated Supervisory Executive may also be a Supervisor but not manage any 
other Supervisors. Once your Designated Supervisory Executive manages any Supervisors, he or 
she may fill the role of Supervisor for no more than four restaurants.  Your Designated Supervisory 
