4025 G&C Oper Agmt – 3/25 
30 
or guarantor, insolvency, making an assignment for the benefit of creditors 
or any similar voluntary or involuntary arrangement for the disposition of 
assets for the benefit of creditors; or  
(I) 
Failure to meet any requirements or specifications established by 
Company with respect to product quality, physical property, conditions of 
equipment or materials used, products manufactured, Menu, or use of 
approved products, packaging or promotional materials. 
13.2 Termination. Company can terminate this agreement in accordance with the 
following provisions: 
(A) 
Opportunity to Cure. Except as set out in sections 13.2(B) and (C), 
Licensee has (i) 10 days from the date of a written notice of default to 
cure a default for failure to submit any required report when due or to 
pay when due any amounts required to be paid to Company or any of 
Company’s affiliates and (ii) 30 days from the date of a written notice of 
default to cure any other default under this agreement. Licensee’s 
failure to cure a default within the cure period will provide Company 
with good cause to terminate this agreement, and the termination will 
be accomplished by mailing or delivering to Licensee written notice of 
termination that will identify the grounds for the termination.  
(B) 
Twenty-Four Hours to Cure. If a default under this agreement 
materially impairs the goodwill associated with any of the Trademarks 
or the operation, maintenance or construction of the Restaurant results 
in a threat or danger to the public health or safety (for example, 
violating any of Company’s zero tolerance policies or food safety 
requirements), then Licensee will have 24 hours after Company provides 
notice of the default to cure the default.  Company has the right to 
require Licensee to close the Restaurant immediately upon notice and 
keep it closed until such time as the default is cured.  If the default is 
not cured within 24 hours, or Licensee fails or refuses to close the 
Restaurant upon notice from Company, the termination will be effective 
immediately upon notice of termination. Notwithstanding any notice 
provisions under this agreement, notices under this section are deemed 
received when, as shown in Company’s records, actual notice was given 
to the Controlling Owner, a Principal Owner, the Designated Manager, 
or the person designated to receive notices under section 15.3(B), 
whether delivered personally, by phone, fax, email, or reputable 
overnight service. 
(C) 
Immediate Termination. Licensee has no right to cure the following 
defaults and this agreement terminates immediately on Company’s 
issuance of written notice of termination: 
(1) 
Licensee’s loss of the right to occupy the Restaurant premises;  
