 
60 
G&C FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26 
 
Definitions and Notes to Schedules 
1. Gross Sales. Gross sales, as used in this Item 19 and in the Operating Agreement, means 
the total revenues and receipts from the sale of all products sold by the Restaurant, whether 
paid for by cash, credit (not adjusted for credit card fees) or gift card, barter, or otherwise, 
including sales of all products under any of the Trademarks as well as sales of other 
products, services and merchandise, whether or not identified by other brand names, and 
excluding sales taxes and revenues and receipts arising directly from Licensee’s sale of gift 
cards. 
2. Cost of Goods. The cost of the food products that are sold to consumers and the associated 
paper purchases (based on beginning inventory plus purchases less ending inventory). The 
food products include ingredients, beverages, and condiments. The associated paper 
purchases include bags, product wraps and containers, other paper products, cups and lids, 
straws, and eating utensils.  
3. Labor. The sum of crew labor wages, manager’s wages and salary and other compensation, 
and related taxes and benefits. Labor does include payments that may be made to a 
franchisee or its owners in the form of a manager’s salary or wages. Labor does not include 
payments that may be made to a franchisee or its owners in the form of an owner’s draw, 
a dividend, or similar distributions. Because of the many forms through which franchisees 
may be compensated for their work in a store, not all stores paid a manager’s salary and 
benefits. The Labor numbers used for purposes of this FPR were those included in the 
Profit and Loss reports received from franchisees without any adjustments for the manner 
in which the franchisees handle owner compensation. 
4. Restaurant Controllables. The sum of utilities, telephone, local advertising, repairs and 
maintenance, service contractors, laundry and uniforms, operating supplies (other than 
inventory), trash and recycling, delivery service provider fees and commissions, and bank 
charges (other than debt service). 
5. Miscellaneous Expenses. All miscellaneous expenses are rolled up into the total 
Restaurant Controllables percentage. 
6. Manageable Profit. Profit remaining after deduction of sales taxes, discounts, Cost of 
Goods, Labor Cost and Restaurant Controllables, but before the deduction of occupancy 
costs, insurance (non-employment), continuing license fees, sales promotion program fees, 
legal fees, accounting fees and other administrative costs. 
7. Adjustments. Any financial statement preparation includes certain estimates, accruals and 
reclassifications as common accounting period adjustments. These accounting adjustments 
generally are made to the most current accounting period included in the statement, unless 
they are deemed to be a material adjustment to a prior accounting period. If an adjustment 
is considered material, the prior accounting periods are restated to reflect the adjustment in 
the applicable period(s). ADQ does not know if any franchisee made any accounting period 
adjustments for their financial results. 
 
