 
41 
G&C FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26 
Multiple Unit Franchisee Training Requirements. In addition to the training required under 
each franchise agreement, if you enter into a MultiTRA, your designated supervisory executive 
and supervisors (as defined in Item 15) must attend all phases of ADQ’s training program and the 
Managing Multiple Locations training program. The cost of this training program is $1,500/person.  
You may not allow your designated supervisory executive or supervisors to perform supervisory 
or management responsibilities until completion of the training program to ADQ’s satisfaction. 
Every effort will be made to schedule training as close as reasonably possible to the date they plan 
to assume supervisory and management responsibilities. Your designated supervisory executive 
must complete all training within 6 months prior to assuming supervisory or management 
responsibilities.  
Item 12: Territory 
Rights under Franchise Agreement 
When you enter into a franchise agreement, you are granted the right to operate a single restaurant 
at an authorized location that ADQ has consented to in writing. You are not granted any minimum 
area or territory. If you must relocate because the franchised premises are condemned, exercise of 
a relocation right by your landlord, or some other reason that ADQ approves, you may relocate on 
the following conditions: (1) the new location must be acceptable to ADQ, reasonably suited for a 
DQ Grill & Chill® restaurant, consistent with ADQ’s site selection guidelines, and within the 
same building or venue as the authorized location if a Captive-venue location, or within a 500 meter 
radius of the authorized location if a Street location; (2) the new site must not infringe on the rights 
of any other DQ® franchisee; (3) the new restaurant must be under construction within 30 days if 
a Captive-venue location or 180 days if a Street location; (4) after construction commences, the 
new restaurant must be open and operating within 90 days if a Captive-venue location or 120 days 
if a Street location; and (5) the new restaurant must be constructed and equipped in accordance 
with ADQ’s then current standards and specifications.  
ADQ has a relocation policy that permits qualifying franchisees with a Street location that sign a 
new franchise agreement and the relocation addendum to relocate a restaurant within two miles of 
the current restaurant location, provided the location is of the same type. For instance, a Street 
location outside of a mall cannot relocate within a mall. The timeframes detailed in the paragraph 
above apply to this relocation policy. Relocating franchisees do not need to pay an initial franchise 
fee, although relocating franchisees must meet the then-current training requirements (including 
payment of any fees and/or costs) and must purchase construction consultation services and 
prototype building plans (if the location is freestanding). See Item 7 for more information on these 
costs. Relocating franchisees may pay reduced continuing license fees and sales promotion 
program fees, depending on the circumstances. See Item 6 for more information. The relocation 
policy is subject to ADQ’s prior written consent and the other relocation standards contained in 
the franchise agreement and any applicable lease (see Item 9). The relocation policy does not apply 
to non-system food or Captive-venue locations.  
You do not have any options, rights of first refusal or similar rights to acquire additional franchises.  
ADQ does not grant exclusive territories to any franchisee under the terms of a franchise 
agreement, or MultiTRA, although, as described further below, you will be granted trade areas if 
