   
       
6 
 
(iii) 
Priority Level 3 and 4 Problem Response: RM will respond within 2 Business Days. 
 
6.6 
Maintenance. Maintenance is included as a component of Customer’s Subscription. Maintenance consists 
of commercially reasonable program coding after initial deployment to correct coding errors and perfect the 
functioning the Service. 
 
6.7 
Enhancement. Enhancement of Customer’s Edition of the Service and Optional Features as defined in 
Customer’s Order Form(s) is included as a component of Customer’s Subscription. Enhancements do not include any 
new products, features, or functions made available by RM from time to time, for which RM generally charges an 
additional fee. 
 
7. 
Confidentiality. 
 
7.1 
Definition of Confidential Information. As used herein, “Confidential Information” means all 
confidential and proprietary information of a party (“Disclosing Party”) disclosed to the other party (“Receiving 
Party”), whether orally or in writing, that is designated as confidential or that reasonably should be understood to be 
confidential given the nature of the information and the circumstances of disclosure, the Customer Data, the Service, 
the RM Technology, software source code and specifications, business and marketing plans, technology, and technical 
information, product designs, and business processes. Confidential Information (except for Customer Data) shall not 
include any information that: (i) is or becomes generally known to the public without breach of any obligation owed 
to the Disclosing Party; (ii) is known to the Receiving Party prior to its disclosure by the Disclosing Party without 
breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party; (iii) is independently developed by the Receiving Party 
without breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party; or (iv) is received from a third party without breach 
of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party. 
 
7.2 
Confidentiality. The Receiving Party shall not disclose or use any Confidential Information of the 
Disclosing Party for any purpose outside the scope of this TOU without the Disclosing Party’s prior written 
permission. 
 
7.3 
Protection. Each party agrees to protect the confidentiality of the Confidential Information of the other 
party in the same manner that it protects the confidentiality of its own proprietary and confidential information of like 
kind, but in no event shall either party exercise less than reasonable care in protecting such Confidential Information, 
or the level of care required by any applicable United States or foreign federal, state, local, or other laws, rules, 
regulations, treaties, and conventions. 
 
7.4 
Compelled Disclosure. If the Receiving Party is compelled by law to disclose Confidential Information of 
the Disclosing Party, it shall provide the Disclosing Party with prior notice of such compelled disclosure (to the extent 
legally permitted) and reasonable assistance, at the Disclosing Party’s cost, if the Disclosing Party wishes to contest 
the disclosure. 
 
7.5 
Remedies. If the Receiving Party discloses or uses (or threatens to disclose or use) any Confidential 
Information of the Disclosing Party in violation of this Section 7, the Disclosing Party shall have the right, in addition 
to any other remedies available to it, to seek preliminary and permanent injunctive relief, without bond, to enjoin such 
acts, it being specifically acknowledged by the parties that any other available remedies at law are inadequate. 
 
7.6 
Publicity. Either party may include the name and logo of the other party in its lists of customers or vendors 
with the other party’s prior permission. 
 
8. 
Warranties & Disclaimers. 
 
8.1 
Warranties. Each party represents and warrants that it has the legal power to enter into this TOU. RM 
represents and warrants that (i) it owns or otherwise has sufficient rights to permit Customer to access and use the 
Service; (ii) the Service and RM Technology do not infringe the IP rights of any third party; and (iii) its and its agents’ 
