DQ Participation Agreement 
 
 
 
13 
 
 
 
 
 
02/05/25 
 
8. Miscellaneous. 
(a) Survival. Notwithstanding the expiration or termination of these Terms, any rights, and obligations 
which by their nature extend beyond such expiration or termination shall survive such expiration or 
termination, including but not limited to the Warranty provisions, indemnification provisions, and the 
provisions of Sections 7(b), 7(c), 7(f), 7(g), 7(h), 8(b) and this subsection 8(a). 
(b) Applicable Law and Interpretation. These Terms and the Sales Order/Purchase Order will be 
construed in accordance with, and all disputes will be governed by, the laws of the State of Delaware, 
United States of America, without regard to its conflict of laws principles or rules. The English language 
version of these Terms and the Sales Order/Purchase Order shall govern and control any translation of these 
Terms and the Sale Order into any other language. The parties specifically waive application of the United 
Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (CISG). The word “including” shall 
mean including without limitation. 
(c) Notice. Notices shall be deemed given upon receipt. Any notices required to be given shall be in writing 
and in the case of notice to Participating Location, shall be sent to the billing address or fax number on the 
Sales Order/Purchase Order. In the case of notice to PAR, such notice shall be sent via postage prepaid 
certified mail or by overnight courier to: ParTech, Inc. (Attn: Legal Department); ParTech Technology 
Park; 8383 Seneca Turnpike; New Hartford, NY 13413-4991. 
(d) Severability. If any court of competent jurisdiction holds that any provision of these Terms or of any 
Sales Order/Purchase Order is illegal, invalid, or unenforceable, the legality, validity, and enforceability of 
the remaining provisions of these Terms and/or of the Sales Order/Purchase Order will not be affected or 
impaired, and all remaining terms hereof or of the Sales Order/Purchase Order shall remain in full force and 
effect, provided that this provision shall not be applied to defeat the intent of the parties. 
(e) Prior Dealings. No course of dealing or failure by Participating Location or PAR to strictly enforce any 
term, right or condition of these Terms or a Sales Order/Purchase Order will be construed as a waiver 
thereof. Any purported waiver by Participating Location or PAR will only be enforceable if in writing 
signed by such party and will not be deemed to waive any later breach of the same or any other term, right 
or condition. These Terms and the Sales Order/Purchase Order may not be amended except by written 
agreement of Participating Location and PAR expressly referring thereto. 
(f) Assignment. Neither Participating Location or PAR may assign or transfer the Sales Order/Purchase 
Order and/or Terms or any interest therein to a third party, without prior written consent of the other party, 
which shall not be unreasonably withheld; provided, however, the Sales Order/Purchase Order and/or 
Terms may be assigned as part of a merger, or sale of all or substantially all of the business or assets, of a 
party. 
(g) Definitions. All capitalized terms used in these Terms, to the extent not defined elsewhere in these 
Terms, shall have the following meanings: “Participating Location” means the location within the Dairy 
Queen or Orange Julius franchise systems which chooses to purchase Equipment and license and receive 
access to software through the PAR Solution by signing the Participation Agreement. “IncoTerms” means 
the International Commercial Terms. “Intellectual Property Rights” are all patents, patent applications, 
trademarks, inventions (whether or not patentable), know-how, designs, mask works, processes, 
methodologies, service marks, copyrights and copyrightable works, trade secrets, data, designs, manuals, 
training materials and documentation, formulas, knowledge of processes, methods, products and product 
specifications and all other intellectual property rights as these terms are understood under Law, including 
any modifications, adaptations, adjustments, enhancements, updates, improvements, alterations and 
corrections thereto and other derivative works thereof. “Law” means any federal, state, county or local law, 
ordinance, statute, rule, or regulation to the extent it applies to either party, its property, or its obligations in 
connection with this Participation Agreement. “PAR” means ParTech, Inc., a New York corporation. 
“Warranty” means collectively, the Equipment Warranty and the Installation Warranty. “Warranty 
Period” means, collectively the Advance Exchange Warranty Period, the Depot Repair Warranty Period 
and the Installation Warranty Period. 
