4025 G&C Oper Agmt – 3/25 
27 
11.5 Transfer Void. Any attempted transfer by Licensee without Company’s prior 
written consent or otherwise not in compliance with the terms of this 
agreement is void and gives Company the right at its option to either default 
and terminate this agreement, or to consent to the transfer and collect from 
Licensee and the guarantors a transfer fee equal to two times the transfer fee 
provided for in section 11.3(E)(1). 
11.6 Transfer by Company. Company can transfer, in whole or in part, its 
interest in this agreement without Licensee’s consent. Following the effective 
date of any assignment, Licensee will look solely to the transferee or assignee, 
and not to Company, for the performance of all obligations under this 
agreement. 
12. 
DISPUTE RESOLUTION. 
12.1 Arbitration. Subject to section 12.2, any dispute between Licensee and 
Company, or any of their affiliates, arising under, out of, in connection with or in 
relation to this agreement, any lease or sublease for the Restaurant or 
Authorized Location, the parties’ relationship, or the Restaurant must be 
submitted to binding arbitration under the authority of the Federal Arbitration 
Act (“FAA”). Any state laws attempting to prohibit arbitration or void out of state 
forums for arbitration are preempted by the FAA. The dispute must be arbitrated 
in accordance with the then current rules and procedures and under the auspices 
of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), except to the extent the rules 
and procedures are modified below.  
(A) 
The then-current AAA Large, Commercial Case Rules apply where the 
matter in controversy in the arbitration proceeding is at least $500,000. 
The matter in controversy is defined not only by the amount of the 
demand, but also by the value of the matter to the parties to the 
arbitration. The AAA will decide the amount of the matter in 
controversy, subject to a challenge of the decision by either party to the 
arbitrator(s). 
(B) 
The arbitrator(s) has the power to rule on his or her own jurisdiction, 
including any objections with respect to the existence, scope, or validity 
of the arbitration agreement or to the arbitrability of any claim or 
counterclaim. The arbitrator(s) has the power to determine the existence 
or validity of a contract of which an arbitration clause forms a part. Such 
an arbitration clause will be treated as an agreement independent of the 
other terms of the contract. A decision by the arbitrator(s) that the 
contract is null and void will not for that reason alone render invalid the 
arbitration clause. 
(C) 
Multiparty arbitration is specifically prohibited, and any arbitration will 
be on an individual basis alone; the arbitration may not be consolidated or 
otherwise joined with any other proceeding. The arbitrator will have no 
authority or power to proceed with any claim as a multiparty proceeding or 
