4025 G&C Oper Agmt – 3/25 
15 
Restaurant, and be exclusively responsible for the terms of their employment, 
compensations, scheduling, benefits, disciplining and all other personnel 
decisions respecting Restaurant employees without any influence or advice 
from Company.  Licensee will implement a training program for Restaurant 
employees in compliance with Company’s requirements.  Licensee will 
maintain at all times a staff of trained employees sufficient to operate the 
Restaurant in compliance with Company’s standards. 
7.7 
Attendance at Meetings. The Controlling Owner must, at Licensee’s expense, 
attend all meetings Company holds or sponsors in Licensee’s area or region, 
including all designated market area or other marketing area meetings for the 
marketing area in which the Restaurant is located, and all meetings related to 
new products or product preparation procedures, new System programs, new 
operational procedures or programs, training, restaurant management, financial 
management, sales or sales promotion, or similar topics. If the Controlling Owner 
is unable to attend a meeting, Licensee must notify Company prior to the 
meeting and cause a substitute person from Licensee’s operations acceptable to 
Company to attend and represent Licensee at the meeting. Company strongly 
recommends that key employees of Licensee also attend meetings described in 
this subparagraph. 
7.8 
Cost of Training and Meetings. Licensee is responsible for any applicable 
tuition or fee, the salaries, wages, benefits, travel and living expenses, and 
other related costs for all individuals affiliated with Licensee and the 
Restaurant who attend any initial training, ongoing training, other training 
and meetings described in this section 7. 
8. 
SALES PROMOTION ACTIVITIES. Licensee will actively promote the Restaurant, 
abide by Company’s advertising requirements, and comply with the following 
provisions: 
8.1 
Sales Promotion Activities and Fees. Company may periodically establish, 
organize, and prescribe sales promotion activities, and Licensee must pay to 
Company or Company’s designee the sales promotion program fee in section 9.3 
regardless of whether other Company licensees pay greater, lesser, or no sales 
promotion program fees. Company has the sole right to determine how the sales 
promotion program fees will be spent, including the selection of promotional 
materials and activities. Company and its affiliates have no fiduciary obligation 
to DQ® licensees with respect to the sales promotion activities or expenditures of 
sales promotion program fees. The sales promotion program fees are not held by 
Company in trust. Company will make a good faith effort to expend the fees in 
the general best interests of the DQ® brand or Franchise System (or one or more 
components thereof). Company will make available upon request the sales 
promotion activities receipts and expenditures from the fees collected. Company 
is not required to audit the sales promotion receipts and expenditures. 
8.2 
Administration Expenses. Company may use a portion of the sales promotion 
program fees to compensate itself or its affiliates for the expense of administering 
and promoting sales promotion activities.  
