3/2025 
1
American Dairy Queen Corporation 
CONSTRUCTION CONSULTATION SERVICES AGREEMENT 
 
Licensee: 
 
Date:  
Address:   
City/State/Zip:   
Store #:  
Phone:  
 ARD    
 NRD    
 DR   
 Replace/Relocate  
 Remodel    
American Dairy Queen Corporation (“ADQ”) shall provide construction consultation services to Licensee 
(“Licensee” or “you”) for the Authorized Location indicated below: 
Concept:    
 
 
 
Address:  
 
City/State/Zip:   
 
 
 
 
  1. 
Scope of Construction Consultation Services:  The activities described in Exhibit “A” attached. 
 
  2. 
Cost of Services:  The cost of the construction coordination services will vary depending primarily upon: 
(1) whether your project involves construction of a new restaurant or the relocation/replacement of an existing 
restaurant; and (2) whether your new restaurant is in a freestanding building or a leased multi-tenant structure such as 
an enclosed mall, open air shopping center, strip center, C-Store or non-traditional site. 
 
 
New Units:  If you are constructing a new (NRD/ARD) freestanding restaurant, the cost of the service is 
$7,500.  If your new restaurant is located in a multi-tenant structure (such as an enclosed mall, open air 
shopping center, C-Store, strip center) to which you will only be making tenant improvements, the cost of the 
services is $5,000.  The full fee must be paid when you sign this Agreement.  If you paid a full NRD/ARD 
initial franchise fee to ADQ, the cost of the service is included in the initial franchise fee.  If your project 
is cancelled, you will receive: (1) a refund of the entire fee if your building plans have not been submitted to 
ADQ for review; or (2) a refund of the fee less $1,500 at any time before construction begins; or (3) no refund 
after construction begins.   
 
Replacements, Relocations and Remodels:  If you are replacing, relocating or remodeling your existing DQ 
restaurant facility, the cost of the service will be $7,500.  The full fee must be paid when you sign this 
Agreement and before any services are rendered.  If you are participating in the current 
Replacement/Relocation incentive program, if any, please refer to program specific payment options 
available. 
 
  3. 
To Proceed:  Sign and date this agreement and send to American Dairy Queen Corporation, 8000 Tower, 
Suite 700, 8331 Norman Center Drive, Bloomington, MN 55437, Attn:  Architecture/Construction Department. 
 
  4. 
Acknowledgment:  The undersigned acknowledges that ADQ’s obligation under this agreement shall be 
limited to providing construction consultation services in concert with the project’s selected general contractor and 
architect for the construction of, and installation of equipment, in the restaurant.  ADQ is not responsible for the actual 
construction of the restaurant, installation of equipment therein, delays in construction, construction or architectural 
errors or omissions, cost overruns, change orders or any consequential costs, expenses, injuries or damages arising out 
of or relating to any of those events or conditions, or to the actual construction of, or installation of equipment in the 
restaurant.  ADQ will not provide construction consultation services on projects that are not under contract with, and 
