3/2025 
3
EXHIBIT A 
 
CONSTRUCTION CONSULTATION SERVICES AGREEMENT 
 
THE SERVICES PROVIDED ARE AS FOLLOWS: 
 
  1. 
Consult with the Licensee in the plan review process and with state and local regulatory agencies relevant to compliance 
with building, health and fire codes.  It is the Licensee’s sole responsibility to ensure that the plans conform to all state 
and local codes.  (Construction plans and specifications provided by ADQ are design intent drawings based on 
Minnesota state codes.)  (Site-specific changes will need to be made to the plans by the local architect hired by the 
Licensee). 
 
  2. 
Review availability of utilities (i.e. gas, electricity, sewer and water) to the site/space with the Licensee.  Freestanding 
locations may require, at ADQ’s discretion, an on-site visit relative to building location, ingress, egress, sign locations, 
parking and landscape requirements. 
 
  3. 
Review construction bids with the Licensee and consult with the Licensee in selecting a general contractor for the 
project, considering price, reputation, and ability to perform.  The actual selection of the qualified contractor is the 
Licensee’s sole responsibility. 
 
  4. 
Assist the Licensee and bidding general contractors in reviewing plans and information gathered in the above-mentioned 
functions to facilitate the submission of more accurate and competitive bids to the Licensee.  ADQ recommends that all 
contract documents be completed on AIA forms. 
 
  5. 
Consult with the Licensee to obtain the required permits from the state and local authorities.  It is the Licensee’s and/or 
contractors sole responsibility to obtain permits.  It is also the responsibility of the Licensee or contractor to submit the 
application with proper fee and time allowance to obtain necessary permits on a timely basis.  Failure to do so may delay 
construction. 
 
6. 
A.  Scope of Services for freestanding locations: 
Review conditions and work progress with the Licensee and contractor to avoid non-compliance with plans, delays or 
additional costs.  Means of review will be by actual on-site inspections conducted by ADQ personnel or a third party 
retained by ADQ that consist of a pre-construction inspection or an underground inspection at ADQ’s discretion based 
on the project’s needs, rough-in inspection and punch list inspection.  Review will also include digital photos, phone 
conversations and e-mail communication with the general contractor, job superintendent, Licensee and field personnel on 
a regular basis. 
 
B. Scope of Services for tenant improvements in multi-tenant structures: 
Review conditions and work progress with the Licensee and general contractor in an effort to avoid non-compliance with 
plans, delays or additional costs.  Means of review will be by actual on-site inspections conducted by ADQ personnel or 
a third party retained by ADQ that consist of a rough-in inspection and a punch list inspection.  Review will also include 
digital photos, phone conversations and e-mail communication with the general contractor, job superintendent, Licensee 
and field personnel on a regular basis. 
 
C. Scope of Services for (Tier 1 or Tier 2) Remodel Locations: 
Review of conditions and work progress with the Licensee and contractor to avoid non-compliance with plans, delays or 
additional costs. Means of review will be by digital photos, phone conversations and e-mail communication with the 
general contractor, job superintendent, Licensee and field personnel on a regular basis. Review will also consist of up to 
three actual on-site inspections that consist of a pre-construction or an underground inspection at ADQ’s discretion based 
on the project’s needs, rough-in and punch list inspection conducted by ADQ personnel or a third party retained by 
ADQ. 
 
  7. 
Consult with the Licensee on handling payments to the general contractor when payment applications are made.  Money 
should be disbursed per the construction contract guidelines.  Owner must determine whether lien waivers have been 
obtained and is responsible for obtaining partial and final lien waivers. 
 
