 
21 
G&C FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26 
the land necessary for restaurants. You must allow for the initial cash outlays and long term 
investment obligations necessary to acquire land and construct a building for your restaurant. If 
you purchase land, your investment for land generally will range from $250,000 to $800,000, 
depending on many variables including the size of the property and land prices in your geographic 
market. The cost of your site work and building construction will depend in large part on the size 
of the building you select and other factors. Currently ADQ has two prototypical freestanding 
building models, the Next Gen Core 34 and the Next Gen Core 46. The Next Gen Core 34 is 1,938 
square feet, seats approximately 34, and requires a minimum lot size of 25,830 square feet. The 
cost of the site work and building construction for the Next Gen Core 34 generally ranges from 
$800,000 to $1,100,000 or more. The Next Gen Core 46 is 2,208 square feet, seats approximately 
46, and requires a minimum lot size of 32,026 square feet. The cost of the site work and building 
construction for the Next Gen Core 46generally ranges from $800,000 to $1,200,000 or more. The 
actual cost for site work and building construction depends on many variables, including restaurant 
location and lot size; site improvement costs; soil and environmental conditions; federal, state and 
local building codes and fees; health department requirements; local labor costs; union labor 
requirements; materials; interest costs; inflation and other factors. You also may choose to add 
approved options to your restaurant that are not required, such as adding rear storage. Acquisition 
costs may be beyond the ranges identified above in certain cases or localities. Down payment 
requirements and initial financing or commitment expenses are negotiated individually and vary 
too widely to be realistically predicted. 
 
If you lease the land or building for your restaurant, the initial cost of leasehold improvements to a 
leased building may be more, depending on many variables including restaurant size, condition of 
existing space, demolition and landscaping, building code requirements and fees, as well as those 
factors listed in the paragraph above. The rental payments you make over the term of the lease will 
likely total an amount equal to or greater than the total investment you would have made if you had 
purchased the land and building for your restaurant. 
 
Payments for real property, leaseholds and construction ordinarily are not refundable, except 
possibly security deposits made with lessors. Investment obligations beyond the initial cash outlay 
requirements will be necessary and you may finance these and other obligations at your discretion. 
Market forces will determine loan repayment totals, interest rates and payments on borrowings at 
the time of any transaction.  
(8) 
ADQ requires that it consult with and assist you on all preopening construction and equipment 
installation for the franchised premises, and that you sign the construction consultation services 
agreement included in this disclosure document as Exhibit H; if you are a multi-unit operator who 
pays a reduced initial franchise fee as described in Item 5, you will receive a reduced level of 
services. ADQ will not provide this service for projects for which you do not retain the services of 
a general contractor licensed to work in the city and state in which the project is located. ADQ will 
not charge the construction consultation services fee if you pay the full initial franchise fee, but you 
must pay this fee if you pay a reduced or no initial franchise fee (for example, as a conversion 
franchisee, or if you relocate your restaurant under ADQ’s relocation policy). You are responsible 
for any additional costs due to delays or complications beyond ADQ’s control, and for any 
deviations or escalations in any leasehold improvements or construction costs, including any 
additional costs to comply with all federal, state, or local requirements. 
(9) 
If you lease your facility, estimated costs range from $15,000 to $30,000 or more, and if you own 
your facility, estimated costs range from $15,000 to $45,000 or more. ADQ will provide you with 
design criteria information to assist you, your architect and engineers in preparing building plans 
for your restaurant. ADQ will not prepare building plans for you, but will make available 
