 
G&C MultiTRA Agmt – 3/25 
-8- 
petition in bankruptcy requiring liquidation or has an involuntary petition filed against it in 
bankruptcy requiring liquidation which is not dismissed within 90 days. 
 
B. 
Cure of Development and Opening Commitment Schedule Default.  If Developer 
commits an Event of Default under this Agreement for failure to meet any Development and 
Opening Commitment Schedule deadlines, in any applicable Term Year listed on Appendix B, 
Company will give Developer the opportunity to cure such Event of Default as follows:  
 
1. 
Open the Restaurant within thirty (30) days from receipt of Company’s 
notice of default; or 
 
2. 
Pay to Company at the time of the Event of Default the full initial 
franchise fee for the Restaurant that triggered the Event of Default (the “Default 
Restaurant”). In such event, Company shall extend the opening date for the Default 
Restaurant for up to six (6) months from the original required opening date for that 
Restaurant (the “Extended Opening Date”). Company will not extend the opening date 
for any subsequent Restaurants to be developed under the Development and Opening 
Commitment Schedule. Further, failure to open the Restaurant by the Extended Opening 
Date, or failure to obtain consent, final plan approval, or to commence construction in 
time to open the Restaurant by the Extended Opening Date shall result in the immediate 
termination of this Agreement by Company without further notice, in which event 
Developer shall forfeit all amounts paid under this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything 
set forth above, upon Developer’s second default for failure to meet any of the deadlines 
in Appendix B, Developer shall not be entitled to any cure rights set forth in this 
Agreement, and Company may terminate this Agreement without further notice. 
 
 
C. 
Termination by Company.  Except as hereinafter provided, Developer’s failure to 
cure a default hereunder shall give Company good cause to terminate this Agreement.  Termination 
shall be accomplished by mailing or delivering to Developer written notice of termination, which 
notice shall state the grounds therefor and shall be effective immediately without any opportunity to 
cure. Upon termination of this Agreement by Company or expiration without satisfying the 
Development and Opening Commitment Schedule, as it may have been amended, any rights 
granted to Developer pursuant to this Agreement shall terminate and Developer shall forfeit all 
amounts paid under this Agreement. In addition to the foregoing, this Agreement may be 
terminated by Company upon any ground or by any period of notice as may be permitted from time 
to time by applicable law or regulation.  Any notice of default or termination shall be delivered 
personally or sent through a recognized courier service which provides Company with confirmation 
of its delivery. 
 
 
D. 
Termination by Developer.  Developer shall be entitled to terminate this 
Agreement for good cause only; provided that Developer shall have given Company written notice 
of a breach by Company of a material provision of this Agreement and of the grounds for such 
breach and Company shall have failed to cure such breach to the reasonable satisfaction of 
Developer within 60 days of Company’s receipt of such notice. 
10. 
POST-TERM OBLIGATIONS 
 
10. 
Upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement: 
 
A. 
Reversion of Rights; Loss of Development Rights; Continued Operation of 
Existing Restaurants.  All rights and licenses granted to Developer under this Agreement to develop 
DQ Grill & Chill® Restaurants in the Trade Areas or Development Area shall revert to Company 
and Company shall be free to develop DQ Grill & Chill® Restaurants at any locations within the 
Development Area on its own or by or with one or more third parties.  In addition, Developer shall 
