 
13 
G&C FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26 
an initial franchise fee if you are a conversion franchisee or an existing franchisee relocating a 
restaurant under ADQ’s relocation policy. 
The initial $10,000 deposit is not refundable and the balance of the initial franchise fee is 
refundable  only in the following instances: (1) if you withdraw your application after ADQ has 
approved it but before you commence construction; (2) if your required training attendees fail to 
successfully complete the training program and your approval is cancelled (see Item 11 for 
information on required training attendees); (3) if your site is not designated and ADQ does not 
consent to the site within 90 days after the date ADQ approves your application; or (4) if you have 
not commenced construction within 180 days from the franchise agreement effective date. In these 
instances, ADQ has the right to cancel any agreements that have been signed with ADQ without 
opportunity to cure. 
ADQ may charge a reduced, non-refundable initial franchise fee in certain situations, including: 
(1) when a franchisee is opening a franchise in a previously closed location; (2) certain Captive-
venue locations, including those in airports, colleges and universities, and with certain national 
food service operators specializing in providing food service in these types of locations; and (3) 
for operators with multiple DQ® locations who have developed one or more new franchises with 
ADQ in the past five years, who have an ADQ certified multi-unit operator training program, and 
have a full time construction supervisor on staff. 
Neither ADQ nor its affiliates finance any part of an initial franchise fee. 
Multiple Unit Franchise Fees 
MultiTRA Franchisee  
If you are a MultiTRA franchisee, you must pay ADQ a non-refundable trade area reservation fee 
when you sign the MultiTRA.  The trade area reservation fee is equal to $22,500 multiplied by the 
total number of openings required under the MultiTRA and is non-refundable.  In addition to the 
trade are reservation fee, you must pay ADQ the then-current initial franchise fee due when you 
submit an application for a franchise agreement for each restaurant you develop under the 
MultiTRA. As long as you are in compliance with your obligations under the MultiTRA, ADQ 
will credit $22,500 of the trade area reservation fee against the initial franchise fee to be paid under 
each franchise agreement.  
Other Fees and Payments Made to ADQ or Its Affiliates Prior to Opening 
You must pay ADQ a fee of $200 for each training attendee to take the management training 
readiness assessment (“MTRA”) and an additional $200 for each retake or repeat of the 
assessment. Therefore, the amount ADQ receives for your three required training attendees to take 
the MTRA is $600, or more depending on the number of times a person attends and how many 
additional people attend the MTRA. See Items 7 and 11 for details on the MTRA. 
In certain circumstances, you may be required to pay other fees or amounts to ADQ or its affiliates 
prior to opening. If you pay a reduced or no initial franchise fee, you may be required to pay ADQ 
fees that otherwise are included in the initial franchise fee, such as training fees, a prototype design 
fee, a construction consultation fee and opening services fees. See Item 7 for details.  
