  
3 
Data Central – DQ Franchisee Joinder Agr. (USA) 
 
01/24/2025 
 
 
 
Addendum A – Pricing and Term 
 
Subscription Fees: 
 
Options: 
 
1. Full Data Central Management Suite: (Reporting, Labor Management (Scheduling), Inventory Management and 
QuickBooks data feeds) 
• 
$127.35 per Store per month  
 
2. Reporting and Labor Management (Scheduling) Only: 
• 
$83.83 per Store per month 
 
3. Reporting and Labor Management (Scheduling) + QuickBooks sales and invoice data feeds: 
• 
$99.76 per Store per month 
 
4. Reporting and Inventory Management Only: 
• 
$83.83 per Store per month 
  
5. Reporting and Inventory Management + QuickBooks sales and invoice data feeds: 
• 
$105.06 per Store per month 
 
Price Increases:  
 
Beginning on the calendar year starting January 1, 2026, pricing in this Initial Order Form is subject to an annual 
increase based on an amount equal to the lesser of 2% or the Consumer Price Index (“CPI”) change during a 
measure period for the prior calendar year (the “CPI Price Increase”) Any such CPI Price Increase will take effect on 
February 1 of the then current calendar year. The CPI will be derived from the U.S. Department of Labor, Bureau of 
Labor Statistics web site, https://www.bls.gov/news.release/cpi.nr0.htm.  The CPI change amount will be 
calculated in October prior to the new calendar year. The CPI change amount will be calculated based on the 
immediately preceding unadjusted 12 months (10/01 through 9/30) to develop the CPI change amount for the 
next calendar year. The CPI rate which will be used for the immediately following calendar year will be provided to 
Dairy Queen by AccSys in November prior to the new calendar year that the increase will go into effect. In the 
event that the CPI rate change as calculated for a given calendar year is negative, pricing in this Initial Order Form 
will remain unchanged for the following calendar year.  For the purposes of clarity, in November of 2025 AccSys 
will provide Dairy Queen with the CPI change amount from October 1, 2024, through September 30, 2025.  Based 
on an amount equal to the lesser of 2% or the CPI change amount calculated, AccSys will provide Dairy Queen with 
an amended Initial Order Form reflecting the price increase for the Services which will take effect February 1, 
2026.  Thereafter, this same process will continue on an annual basis going forward throughout the remainder of 
the Term. 
 
• 
Seasonal Stores: Stores which are not open every month throughout the year will not be invoiced for the 
months they are closed. 
 
• 
Canadian Stores: The prices for the Products are stated in United States Dollars and shall remain in effect 
for all sales made in the United States as stated herein. The prices for Products sold in Canada shall be 
determined by multiplying the then-current United States price by a fixed annual exchange rate. The initial 
fixed annual exchange rate for Participating Locations in Canada who elect to pay in Canadian dollars will 
be effective February 1, 2025 and will be 1.38 based on an average of the monthly spot rate of USD/CAD 
by the Wallstreet journal as reported by http://www.wsj.com/public/page/news-currency-currencies-
trading.html over the 2024 calendar year. The exchange rate will be maintained by AccSys for a period of 
