DQ Participation Agreement 
 
 
 
25 
 
 
 
 
 
02/05/25 
 
b. Mutual Termination for Material Breach. Except as otherwise provided herein, if either 
Participating Location or PAR is in breach of any material term of these SSS Terms, the other 
party may terminate these SSS Terms at the end of a written 30-day notice/cure period, if the 
breach has not been cured. 
i. 
Actions upon Termination for Material Breach. 
(a) Upon any termination as provided in 6.b. above by Participating Location, PAR 
must refund any prepaid and unused SSS Service Fees under these SSS Terms 
through the date of termination. 
(b) Upon any termination as provided in 6.b. above by PAR, Participating Location must 
pay any unpaid and owed SSS Service Fees under these SSS Terms through the date 
of termination. The SSS will also be terminated. 
c. Termination for Convenience by Participating Location. Participating Location may 
terminate these SSS Terms for convenience, at any time, for any reason upon thirty (30) days’ 
notice to PAR. 
i. 
Actions upon Termination for Convenience. 
(a) Upon any termination as provided in 6.c. above by Participating Location, PAR must 
refund any prepaid and unused SSS Service Fees under these SSS Terms through the 
date of termination. 
d. Termination by Dairy Queen of Master Agreement. If Dairy Queen terminates the Master 
Agreement for convenience and Participating Location elects to continue this Participation 
Agreement until the end of its then current Term, then Participating Location will need to contract 
directly with PAR for the continuation of menu maintenance services at PAR’s then current rate 
for such services. 
e. Upon Termination or Expiration (for any reason). Upon termination or expiration of these 
SSS Terms (for any reason), Participating Location must destroy the Licensed Software and 
return all Documentation and all other property of PAR. Participating Location will confirm its 
compliance with this requirement in writing upon request of PAR. 
f. Return of Participating Location Data. 
i. 
Within 90-days after termination, upon request by Participating Location, PAR will make the 
Participating Location Data available for no charge, in the format specified in Section 5.c. 
ii. 
After such 90-day period, PAR has no obligation to maintain the Participating Location Data 
and may destroy it. 
 
7. FEES, INVOICES AND LATE PAYMENTS. 
a. SSS Service Fees. To subscribe to the SSS, Participating Location shall pay the software 
subscription fees on a monthly basis (“SSS Service Fees”). For any Participating Locations that 
operate their business on a “seasonal basis” they will pay SSS Service Fees for 8 months a year 
starting each calendar year on April 1 through November 30. The SSS Service Fees shall be non- 
refundable, except as otherwise provided herein. In addition, Participating Location shall pay any 
monthly fees for Support Services for each month Participating Location is open and conducting 
business (“Support Services Fees”). 
b. Payment. Participating Location’s account will be automatically debited monthly through ACH 
for the SSS Service Fees and the Support Service Fees, during the Term of these SSS Terms, 
which payment will commence upon the Activation of the SSS at Participating Location’s 
participating location. An interest charge of 1.5% per month, or the maximum applicable under 
State law, shall be paid on all overdue accounts to the extent permitted by law. 
