 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Who We Are 
 
We Are Excited to Welcome You! 
AccSys, LLC is our legal entity and we are a subsidiary of ParTech, Inc.  Data Central is our product. 
 
What We Do 
We are the back-office software for your restaurant. These are some of the benefits you can expect: 
• 
Enterprise level reports such as the Daily Financial Recap, the Spot Check report, and the Price 
Adjustment report 
• 
Labor scheduling tools and the ShiftWorks mobile app, which allows your employees to view and interact with 
their schedule, submit schedule availability and request to swap a shift. 
• 
Inventory and purchasing tools that allow you to count inventory, place and receive orders, track variance on 
critical items. 
ACH Charges 
We will charge your account once your subscription begins on POS Import. 
The ACH Authorization Form will populate immediately after you complete this document. The ACH 
Form must be completed at this time so that we can get your store ready to go live. 
Once your subscription starts, charges to your bank account will be labeled either AccSys or Par Tech Inc. 
Your Next Steps: Request Logins and Submit Fiscal Calendar in DQ Hub 
You may use the link below to log onto the DQ Hub: 
https://dqhub.dairyqueen.net/technology/itp-home/restaurant-magic-user-information-forms 
 
Once you are there: 
Click Step 1 and choose “User Credentials ONLY” from the dropdown for your login. 
Click on Step 2 to submit your Fiscal Calendar. 
DQ will assign your store to a launch group and send an email from EPOS Pilot with login credentials. 
Training 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SUPPORT 
Phone: 800.458.6895 – Email: dqsupport@restaurantmagic.com 
 
 
 
 
•Look for the ITP News and 
Updates tile on the 
Learning Management 
System home page or visit 
this address: 
•https://dqhub.dairyqueen. 
net/technology/itp- 
home/restaurant-magic- 
user-information-forms 
 
 
 
 
•Enroll in the DQ Learning 
Link Learning Path to 
acces self-guided 
materials. 
•You may use a 
combination of Instructor 
led and self-guided 
trainint 
INSTRUCTOR LED 
SELF-GUIDED 
COMBINATION 
