 
3 
G&C FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26 
As further described in Item 12, a MultiTRA franchisee will have certain, defined rights to 
certain trade areas during the term of a MultiTRA. 
Conversion Programs 
If you operate an existing Dairy Queen®/Limited Brazier® or Dairy Queen® soft-serve-only 
store and meet all of ADQ’s qualifying criteria, ADQ may allow you to convert your store to 
a DQ Grill & Chill® restaurant by signing the franchise agreement and the applicable 
conversion addendum included in Exhibit C. The conversion addendum allows you to, among 
other things, carry over from your old agreement to the new agreement the continuing license 
fee for products made with soft-serve as an ingredient. Dairy Queen® soft-serve-only stores 
are different from the DQ® Treat franchise currently offered by ADQ because they are under 
franchise agreements entered into over 30 years ago and have no rights to carry any DQ® food 
items, although some may carry a limited number of non-system food items. 
If you operate a DQ® location with a full non-system food (“NSF”) menu and meet all of 
ADQ’s qualifying criteria, ADQ may allow you to convert your store to a DQ Grill & Chill® 
restaurant by signing the franchise agreement and the NSF conversion addendum in Exhibit C.  
The conversion addendum allows you to, among other things, carry over from your old 
agreement to the new agreement the protected territory and the continuing license fee for 
products made with soft-serve as an ingredient. 
Franchisees who are converting an existing Dairy Queen®/Limited Brazier® store, a Dairy 
Queen® soft-serve-only store, or an NSF store to a DQ Grill & Chill® restaurant are referred 
to as “conversion franchisees” and the locations are referred to as “conversions.” 
Market 
Dairy Queen® products appeal to the general public, although certain products are targeted for 
particular customers. Your principal competition will be other quick service and fast casual food 
restaurants and specialty ice cream treat outlets, specialty fruit beverage (primarily smoothies), 
snack food, or treat establishments, including members of other regional and national chains and 
franchise systems. Sales of Dairy Queen® products may be seasonal in areas of the United States 
with cooler climates during part of the year. The market for quick service food restaurants, 
specialty ice cream treat outlets, and specialty fruit beverage, snack food and treat establishments 
is well developed and highly competitive. 
Licenses and Permits 
In addition to laws and regulations that apply to businesses generally, DQ Grill & Chill® 
restaurants are subject to various federal, state and local government regulations, including those 
relating to site location and building construction; privacy and data security; food and menu 
labeling; storage, preparation and sale of food and beverage products including packaging and 
certain ingredient restrictions (e.g., those relating to trans fat); dairy and meat products; and health, 
sanitation and safety. ADQ strongly encourages you to investigate these regulations and other laws 
that may be applicable to your business before you purchase the franchise. It is your sole 
responsibility to abide by any applicable laws and regulations, and to obtain and keep in place all 
necessary licenses and permits.  
