4025 G&C Oper Agmt – 3/25 
17 
agreement. Except as described in this agreement, the initial franchise fee is 
not refundable. 
9.2 
Continuing License Fee. Licensee must pay to Company monthly a 
continuing license fee of 4% of Gross Sales. 
9.3 
Sales Promotion Program Fee. Licensee must pay to Company monthly a 
sales promotion program fee of 5% - 6% of Gross Sales. Company will determine 
the exact percentage within this range to be paid by Licensee without regard to 
the amount that any other licensee of Company may pay. Company will let 
Licensee know at least 90 days in advance of imposing any requirement that 
Licensee pay a higher percentage within the 5% - 6% range. 
9.4 
Computations and Remittances. 
(A) 
Subject to section 9.6, all amounts due under this agreement, except the 
initial franchise fee, must be computed at the end of each month’s 
operation and paid as described in section 9.7 to Company within 10 days 
after the end of the month. Licensee must certify the computation in the 
manner and form specified by Company, and Licensee must supply to 
Company supporting or supplementary materials as Company reasonably 
requires to verify the accuracy of Licensee’s remittances. 
(B) 
Licensee waives all existing and future claims to offset against amounts 
due under this agreement, which amounts must be paid when due. 
Company may apply or cause to be applied against amounts due to 
Company (or any of its affiliates) amounts which are held by Company or 
its affiliates on Licensee’s behalf or owed to Licensee by Company or its 
affiliates. 
9.5 
Weekly Payment. If Licensee fails to timely make any payment or timely 
submit any monthly report due to Company, then Company may require 
Licensee to pay continuing license and sales promotion program fees on a 
weekly basis. If Company requires weekly payment, then: 
(A) 
Company will establish a reasonable estimate of the amount of 
continuing license and sales promotion program fees that Licensee must 
pay to Company each month. Based on this estimate, Company will 
establish the amount that Licensee must pay to Company each week. 
(B) 
Company will credit all payment amounts it receives from Licensee 
against the continuing license and sales promotion program fees due from 
Licensee to Company at the end of each month’s operations.  
(C) 
Company will submit to Licensee a monthly reconciliation of Licensee’s 
continuing license and sales promotion program fees account showing the 
credits to Licensee’s account from amounts collected by Company through 
the weekly payments. If Licensee fails to submit reports under section 9.9, 
then Company may make the reconciliation in conformance with 
