 
 
G&C FDD –3/25, as amended 1/26 
 
 
 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
American Dairy Queen Corporation 
A Delaware Corporation 
8000 Tower, Suite 700 
8331 Norman Center Drive 
(952) 830-0200 
Bloomington, Minnesota 55437 
Email: development@idq.com 
 
www.dq.com 
 
 
 
 
 
DQ Grill & Chill® Franchise. American Dairy Queen Corporation (“ADQ”) offers single unit 
and multiple unit franchises for the operation of DQ Grill & Chill® restaurants at authorized 
locations. A DQ Grill & Chill® restaurant is a quick service food restaurant with seating from 
which you will sell the full line of approved soft-serve, treat, food and beverage menu items.  
 
The total investment necessary to begin operation of a single DQ Grill & Chill® franchise is 
$1,516,200 - $2,543,050.00. This includes the $45,600 that must be paid to the franchisor or 
affiliate for the initial franchise fee and management training readiness assessment. In addition, if 
you enter a multiple trade area reservation agreement, you will pay a trade area reservation fee 
determined by multiplying the number of restaurants you are granted the right to develop by 
$22,500, which amount may be applied to offset the initial franchise fee you must pay for each 
restaurant you develop under the agreement. 
 
This disclosure document summarizes certain provisions of your franchise agreement and other 
information in plain English. Read this disclosure document and all accompanying agreements 
carefully. You must receive this disclosure document at least 14 calendar days before you sign a 
binding agreement with, or make any payment to, the franchisor or an affiliate in connection with 
the proposed franchise sale. Note, however, that no governmental agency has verified the 
information contained in this document. 
 
The terms of your contract will govern your franchise relationship. Don’t rely on the disclosure 
document alone to understand your contract. Read all of your contract carefully. Show your 
contract and this disclosure document to an advisor, like a lawyer or an accountant. 
 
Buying a franchise is a complex investment. The information in this disclosure document can help 
you make up your mind. More information on franchising, such as “Consumer Guide to Buying a 
Franchise,” which can help you understand how to use this disclosure document, is available from 
the Federal Trade Commission. You can contact the FTC at 1-877-FTC-HELP or by writing to the 
FTC at 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, D.C. 20580. You can also visit the FTC’s 
home page at www.ftc.gov for additional information. Call your state agency or visit your public 
library for other sources of information on franchising. 
 
There may also be laws on franchising in your state. Ask your state agencies about them. 
 
Issuance Date: March 27, 2025, as amended January 29, 2026
