® and © Am. D.Q. Corp.  
(Rev. 03/25) 
 
10 
Initial Franchise Fee 
 
You must include the initial franchise fee when you submit this application to Company.   
 
• 
The initial franchise fee for a DQ Grill & Chill or DQ Texas Restaurant is $45,000 and the 
initial franchise fee for a DQ Treat Store and all other concepts is $25,000. 
• 
The initial fee must be paid by wire transfer in two installments as follows: 
o A non-refundable deposit of $10,000 due when you submit the franchise 
application; and 
o The balance of the initial franchise fee due within 10 days after ADQ approves 
the application and issues a written consent letter.  
 
The initial franchise fee is refundable only as described in Item 5 of the FDD. 
 
Background and Patriot Check 
 
As part of the application to become a franchisee, each person who has an ownership interest in 
the franchise or franchise business entity must submit a signed consent form allowing Company 
to perform a Criminal Background and Patriot Check, which is done by a third-party vendor.  The 
background check will include certain checks mandated by the federal government through the 
Patriot Act legislation.  Also, any person whose financials are being submitted to gain financial 
approval must submit to the Background and Patriot Checks.  Once the DQ® Application has 
been submitted, each applicant will receive an email from our third-party vendor, Trusted 
Employees, containing log-in access to their website to complete the information needed 
to run the background and patriot checks.  To avoid delays in the development process, 
once the applicant receives the log-in access, please submit the information as soon as 
possible as the link provided in the email is only valid for 14 days.  
 
Restaurant Opening Timeline Considerations 
 
Company support of your proposed project is focused on maintaining an efficient timeline 
from acceptance of your application through opening.  If you are applying for a DQ Grill & 
Chill franchise and your application is approved, you may be eligible to participate in the 
Timeline Incentive Program, which provides an incentive for you to open your restaurant 
within the planned timeline.  
 
Lender Capabilities and Requirements: 
You are solely responsible for identifying and gaining commitment from a lender that enables you 
to manage your project within the opening timeline requirements as stated in the consent letter if 
consent is granted (i.e. SBA preferred and express lenders and providers with the ability to 
expedite lending).  Company has no obligation to assist you with financing and will not adjust 
timelines based on your inability to timely secure appropriate financing. 
 
Feasibility Information and Requirements: 
Prior to consent, you will be required to secure feasibility information to assess necessary design 
and governmental approval requirements.  The reliability and accuracy of the information you 
provide us could directly impact your project’s required opening timeline.  Therefore, it is essential 
that you provide us with reliable and accurate information on feasibility prior to consent.  Company 
has no obligation to adjust timelines based upon your inability to timely secure any necessary 
design or governmental approvals.  
 
Company may, but is not obligated to, obtain a site investigation report (“SIR”) for your proposed 
project, which may include information related to zoning, permitting, parking and loading, signage, 
environmental, traffic and roadway, utility and other site related requirements, restrictions and 
