 
54 
G&C FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26 
Item 19: Financial Performance Representations 
The FTC’s Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to provide information about the actual or potential 
financial performance of its franchised and/or franchisor-owned outlets, if there is a reasonable 
basis for the information, and if the information is included in the disclosure document. Financial 
performance information that differs from that included in Item 19 may be given only if: (1) a 
franchisor provides the actual records of an existing outlet you are considering buying; or (2) a 
franchisor supplements the information provided in this Item 19, for example, by providing 
information about possible performance at a particular location or under particular circumstances. 
Written substantiation for the FPR will be made available to you at ADQ’s office in Minneapolis, 
Minnesota upon reasonable request. 
Additional Information Regarding this FPR: 
A. The actual results included in this FPR relate to results for the restaurants described in the 
schedules. Prior to submitting an application for a franchise, ADQ strongly recommends 
that you contact several existing franchisees of your own choosing for information 
concerning a DQ Grill & Chill® restaurant. The financial results of a new DQ Grill & 
Chill® restaurant may vary considerably from older locations, which may have been 
originally developed as a Dairy Queen®/Brazier® restaurant.  Neither ADQ nor any of its 
affiliates make any promises or representations of any kind that you will achieve any 
particular results or level of sales or profitability or even achieve break-even results in 
connection with the development of a new restaurant. 
B. You are responsible for developing your own business plan for your restaurant, including 
capital budgets, financial statements, projections and other elements appropriate to your 
particular circumstances. ADQ encourages you to consult with your own accounting, 
business, and legal advisors in doing so. In developing the business plan, you are cautioned 
to make necessary allowance for changes in financial results to income, expenses, or both, 
that may result from the operation of your restaurant in different geographic areas or new 
market areas, or during periods of, or in areas suffering from, economic downturns, 
inflation, unemployment, labor shortages or other negative economic influences. 
C. Historical costs do not necessarily correspond to future costs because of factors such as 
inflation, changes in minimum wage laws, location, financing, real estate and construction 
-related costs and other variables. All information should be evaluated in light of current 
market conditions including cost and price information as may then be available. 
Prospective franchisees must bear in mind that a newly opened business generally cannot 
be expected to achieve sales volumes or maintain expenses similar to those of an 
established business.  
D. This FPR does not include all start-up expenses and development costs for a new DQ Grill 
& Chill® restaurant. See Items 5, 6 and 7 of the disclosure document for estimates and 
other information pertaining to the fees and initial investment required for the development 
of a new restaurant. Similarly, the expenses identified in this FPR are not the only expenses 
that you will incur in connection with the operation of a DQ Grill & Chill® restaurant. You 
