 
G&C MultiTRA Agmt – 3/25 
-4- 
6. 
Execution of Operating Agreement.  Developer and Company must enter 
into Company’s then current form of Operating Agreement for the proposed DQ Grill & 
Chill® Restaurant no less than thirty (30) days prior to the opening of each Restaurant. 
Developer shall not open or operate any DQ Grill & Chill® Restaurant, except pursuant to 
the terms of an executed Operating Agreement.   
7. 
Commitments.  Developer shall not, except at Developer's own risk, 
enter into any legally binding commitments with vendors or lessors in any Trade Area or 
at any site until Company has given Developer written consent for the specific project 
pursuant to Section 2.B.2 and assigned a store number. 
 
C. 
Business Risks; No Financial Projections.  Developer acknowledges that it has 
conducted an independent investigation of the prospects for the establishment of DQ Grill & 
Chill® Restaurants within the Trade Areas, and recognizes that the business venture 
contemplated by this Agreement involves business and economic risks and that its financial and 
business success will be primarily dependent upon the personal efforts of Developer, its 
management and employees.  Company expressly disclaims the making of, and Developer 
acknowledges that it has not received, any estimates, projections, warranties or guaranties, 
express or implied, regarding potential gross sales, profits, earnings or the financial success of the 
DQ Grill & Chill® Restaurants Developer develops within the Trade Areas pursuant to this 
Agreement, other than the information set forth in Item 19 of the Franchise Disclosure Document 
it received from Company. 
 
D. 
Potential Increases in Investment Requirements.  Developer recognizes and 
acknowledges that this Agreement requires it to open DQ Grill & Chill® Restaurants in the future 
pursuant to the Development and Opening Commitment Schedule.  Developer further 
acknowledges that the estimated expenses and investment requirements set forth in Items 6 and 7 
of Company’s Franchise Disclosure Document are subject to increase over time, and that future 
DQ Grill & Chill® Restaurants opened and operated by Developer likely will involve greater 
initial investment and operating capital requirements than those stated in the Franchise Disclosure 
Document provided to Developer prior to the execution of this Agreement. 
 
E. 
Incentives.   Company encourages and incentivizes early performance on new 
store opening schedule within this Agreement. Company will provide the following incentives for 
expedited schedule of new store openings. 
1. 
Expedited New Store Opening Incentive.  As described on Appendix C, 
Company may provide a development incentive to reward Developers for exceeding the 
required new store openings as outlined on Appendices A and B (“Expedited New Store 
Opening Incentive”). 
 
2. 
Conflict.  If, for any reason, the terms of Section 2.E.1 above are in 
conflict with any existing system-wide development initiative or an extension of or 
creation of new, system-wide development incentives, Developer’s initial franchise fee 
will be determined in the way most favorable to Developer. 
 
F. 
Force Majeure.   If a Restaurant opening is delayed because of acts of God, labor 
strikes, civil disorder, war, or embargo (“Force Majeure”), Developer must request a written 
extension of the required opening date from Company for the period of the delay caused by the 
Force Majeure, up to a maximum of six (6) months from the required opening date. Any such 
extension shall not affect the requirements for timely construction and opening of subsequent 
Restaurants. 
 
