 
22 
G&C FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26 
prototypical design intent plans for freestanding DQ Grill & Chill® restaurants. You must sign the 
design services agreement attached as Exhibit G to receive ADQ’s prototypical design intent plans. 
ADQ will provide one document set to you at no cost if you pay the full initial franchise fee, but 
you must pay the $3,000 fee if you pay a reduced or no initial franchise fee. ADQ’s prototypical 
design intent plans for freestanding DQ Grill & Chill® restaurants are designed to meet Minnesota 
Building Code. If you use these plans, you must, at your expense, conform them to local, state and 
federal laws and building code requirements, including the Americans With Disabilities Act. These 
plans are valid for 6 months from date of issuance. 
 
The building plans must be full architectural, structural, mechanical, electrical, plumbing, final site 
and grading plan and food service drawings showing equipment layout, manufacturer and model 
numbers and bearing the seal of a registered architect in the state where your restaurant will be 
located. You must submit your building plans for ADQ’s approval before you begin construction. 
ADQ must approve in writing any proposed alterations to design intent plans, design criteria 
information or previously approved building plans. Further, if your local architect makes any 
revisions to ADQ’s prototypical design intent plans or design criteria information, those revisions 
become the property of ADQ and its affiliates, and ADQ and its affiliates have the right to use those 
plans in any manner in the future. 
(10) 
Your investment in equipment and fixtures is highly variable for your restaurant. The investment 
depends to a great extent on the size of the building and whether you lease or own. For instance, if 
you own the land or building, equipment costs for a Next Gen Core 34 building generally range 
from $575,000 to $625,000 and for a Next Gen Core 46 building generally range from $625,000 to 
$650,000.If you are a conversion franchisee or you are re-franchising a location, you should assume 
that your equipment costs will be similar to those required for a new build.  The investment also 
depends on the location of your restaurant, the anticipated traffic through the restaurant, local labor 
costs, current prices charged by equipment suppliers, discretionary expenditures, inflation, 
financing costs and similar factors beyond ADQ’s or your control. You also may choose to add 
some approved options to your restaurant that are not required, such as additional seating packages. 
 
Equipment payments generally are not refundable. Investment obligations beyond the initial cash 
outlay requirements will be necessary and you may finance at your discretion. Market forces will 
determine loan repayment totals and interest on borrowings will be determined by market forces at 
the time of any financing transaction.  
(11) 
You must purchase the training inventory used by you and your employees at your restaurant during 
ADQ’s on-site opening assistance. 
(12) 
This amount includes utility and security deposits and business licenses. Deposits are generally 
refundable, but license fees are not. You may be required to submit an impact study to a local 
government agency to receive necessary local permits and approvals for your restaurant. These 
estimates may be significantly higher in some unique jurisdictions where local authorities may 
require fees in excess of $100,000 for electrical, sewer/water and other miscellaneous connections. 
(13) 
This amount is an estimate for attorneys’ fees in connection with your purchase of the franchise 
and purchase or lease of the franchised premises. 
(14) 
This amount is projected to cover initial operating expenses for one restaurant for three months, 
such as managerial salaries, rent, debt service, local advertising, taxes, freight, office expenses, 
security, Payment Card Industry (“PCI”) compliance, monthly service and support fees related to 
components of the EPOS system, credit card processing, internet connection, and authorized music 
