State Addendum (G&C Oper Agmt) - 3/25 
 
ADDENDUM TO 
DQ GRILL & CHILL® 
OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR THE 
STATE OF WASHINGTON 
 
This Addendum will pertain to franchises sold in the State of Washington and will be for the 
purpose of complying with the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act. 
 
1. 
In the event of a conflict of laws, the provisions of the Washington Franchise 
Investment Protection Act, Chapter 19.100 RCW will prevail. 
 
2. 
RCW 19.100.180 may supersede the franchise agreement in your relationship with 
the franchisor including in the areas of termination and renewal of your franchise.  There may also 
be court decisions which may supersede the franchise agreement in your relationship with the 
franchisor including the areas of termination and renewal of your franchise. 
 
3. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee 
in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) 
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or 
(ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person 
acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document 
executed in connection with the franchise. 
4. 
In any arbitration or mediation involving a franchise purchased in Washington, the 
arbitration or mediation site will be either in the state of Washington, or in a place mutually agreed 
upon at the time of the arbitration or mediation, or as determined by the arbitrator or mediator at the 
time of arbitration or mediation.  In addition, if litigation is not precluded by the franchise agreement, 
a franchisee may bring an action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with the sale of 
franchises, or a violation of the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, in Washington. 
 
5. 
A release or waiver of rights executed by a licensee may not include rights under the 
Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act or any rule or order thereunder except when 
executed pursuant to a negotiated settlement after the agreement is in effect and where the parties 
are represented by independent counsel. Provisions such as those which unreasonably restrict or limit 
the statute of limitations period for claims under the Act, or rights or remedies under the Act such as 
a right to a jury trial, may not be enforceable. 
 
6. 
Transfer fees are collectable to the extent that they reflect the franchisor’s reasonable 
estimated or actual costs in effecting a transfer. 
7. 
Pursuant to RCW 49.62.020, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable 
against an employee, including an employee of a franchisee, unless the employee’s earnings from 
the party seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $100,000 per year (an amount that will be 
adjusted annually for inflation).  In addition, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable 
against an independent contractor of a franchisee under RCW 49.62.030 unless the independent 
contractor’s earnings from the party seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $250,000 per 
year (an amount that will be adjusted annually for inflation).  As a result, any provisions contained 
