 
G&C MultiTRA Agmt – 3/25 
-7- 
indemnify and save Company and Company’s officers, directors, agents, employees, attorneys, 
accountants, subsidiaries, affiliates and parent company harmless of, from and with respect to any such 
claims, demands, losses, obligations, costs, expenses, liabilities, debts or damages (including, without 
limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees). Company shall notify Developer of any such claims, and 
Developer shall be given the opportunity to assume the defense of the matter. If Developer fails to assume 
the defense, Company may defend the action in the manner it deems appropriate, and Developer shall pay 
to Company all costs, including attorneys’ fees, incurred by Company in effecting such defense. 
Company’s right to indemnity under this Agreement shall arise and be valid notwithstanding that joint or 
concurrent liability may be imposed on Company by statute, ordinance, regulation or other law.  
 
8. 
DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
 
 
8. 
Any dispute between Developer and Company or any of their affiliates arising under, out of, 
in connection with or in relation to this Agreement, the parties’ relationship, or the DQ Grill & Chill® 
business conducted pursuant to this Agreement shall be submitted to binding arbitration under the authority 
of the Federal Arbitration Act and shall be arbitrated in accordance with the then current rules and procedures 
and under the auspices of the American Arbitration Association.  Any arbitration shall be on an individual 
basis and not consolidated with any other proceeding.  The arbitration shall take place in Minneapolis, 
Minnesota, or at such other place as may be mutually agreeable to the parties.  The decision of the arbitrators 
shall be final and binding on all parties to the dispute; however, the arbitrators may not under any 
circumstances:  (i) stay the effectiveness of any pending termination of this Agreement; (ii) assess punitive or 
exemplary damages; or (iii) make any award which extends, modifies or suspends any lawful term of this 
Agreement or any reasonable standard of business performance set by Company.  A judgment may be 
entered upon the arbitration award by any state or federal court in Minnesota or the state within which the 
Trade Areas are located.  The prevailing party in any action or proceeding arising under, out of, in 
connection with, or in relation to this Agreement or the DQ Grill & Chill® business conducted pursuant to 
this Agreement shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs. 
9. 
DEFAULT AND TERMINATION 
 
9. 
The following provisions shall apply with respect to default and termination: 
 
A. 
Events of Default.  Each of the following events shall constitute an “Event of 
Default” under this Agreement, which, unless otherwise specified, shall entitle Company to 
immediately terminate this Agreement, or at Company’s election terminate Developer’s exclusive 
right to develop under this Agreement, upon written notice to Developer:  
 
1. 
Developer, subject only to Developer’s right to cure under Section 9.B 
below, breaches or otherwise fails to timely comply with any provision of this 
Agreement; 
 
2. 
Developer fails to cure any default within the time specified by Company 
in any notice to Developer, under any franchise agreement, lease, or any other agreement 
with or obligation owed to Company;  
 
3. 
The knowing and intentional submission by Developer of any 
applications which contain false or misleading statements or omission of any material 
fact; 
 
4. 
Developer is charged with or convicted of any felony; or  
 
5. 
Developer makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors or enters into 
any similar arrangement for the disposition of assets for the benefit of creditors, files a 
