State Addendum (G&C FDD) - 3/25 
 
ADDENDUM TO DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FOR THE STATE OF MINNESOTA 
 
The following applies to franchises and franchisees subject to Minnesota statutes and 
regulations.  Item numbers correspond to those in the main body. 
1. 
Cover Page and Item 17. 
Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.21 and Minn. Rule 2860.4400J prohibit ADQ from requiring 
litigation to be conducted outside of Minnesota, requiring waiver of a jury trial, requiring you to 
consent to injunctive relief, or requiring you to consent to liquidated damages, termination 
penalties or judgment notes.  In addition, nothing in the Disclosure Document shall abrogate or 
reduce any of your rights as provided for in Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C, or your rights to any procedure, 
forum or remedies provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction. 
 
2. 
Item 13. 
 
ADQ will undertake the defense of any claim of infringement by third parties involving 
the Dairy Queen® Trademark or the DQ Grill & Chill® Trademark.  You must cooperate with the 
defense in any reasonable manner prescribed by ADQ with any direct costs of such cooperation to 
be borne by ADQ. 
3. 
Item 17. 
A. 
Minnesota law provides you with certain termination and nonrenewal rights.  As of 
the date of this Disclosure Document, Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.14, Subds. 3, 4 and 5 
require, except in certain specified cases, that you be given 90 days notice of 
termination (with 60 days to cure) and 180 days notice for nonrenewal of the 
Operating Agreement, and that consent to the transfer of the franchise will not be 
unreasonably withheld. 
 
B. 
Minnesota Rule 2860.4400D prohibits a franchisor from requiring a franchisee to 
assent to a general release, assignment, novation, or waiver that would relieve any 
person from liability imposed by Minnesota Statute §§80C.01 – 80C.22. 
 
C. 
The limitations of claims section must comply with Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.17, 
subd.5. 
 
4. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) 
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including, fraud in the 
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise 
seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other 
term of any document executed with the franchise. 
