 
G&C MultiTRA Agmt – 3/25 
-9- 
have no further rights to develop further DQ Grill & Chill® Restaurants within the Trade Areas and 
Developer shall immediately cease all use of the Trademarks, except as permitted under the terms 
of any Operating Agreements that Company has issued directly to Developer for DQ Grill & Chill® 
Restaurants within the Trade Areas, which are in effect at the time of termination or expiration.  
With respect to any such Operating Agreements, Developer shall retain its interest as a franchisee 
pursuant to the terms and conditions of those agreements, provided that Developer is not in default 
under such Operating Agreements.  Developer shall pay all sums due to Company, its affiliates and 
designees.  In addition, Developer shall pay all sums Developer owes to third parties which have 
been guaranteed by Company or any of its affiliates. 
 
B. 
Obligations Relating to Supervision and Training.  Developer shall continue to 
comply with all of the supervisory and management obligations described in Section 5.A and the 
training obligations described Section 5.C as they relate to the continued operation by Developer of 
any DQ Grill & Chill® Restaurants within the Development Area in accordance with Section 10.A.  
Developer’s failure to comply with this Section shall constitute a default under the Operating 
Agreement of each such DQ Grill & Chill® Restaurant. 
 
C. 
Claims.  Any claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the relationship of 
the parties, Company’s operation of the Dairy Queen® system, or Developer’s operation of the 
Restaurants will be barred unless filed before the expiration of the earlier of: (1) the time period for 
bringing an action under any applicable state or federal statute of limitations; (2) one year after 
the date upon which a party discovered, or should have discovered, the facts giving rise to an 
alleged claim; or (3) two years after the first act or omission giving rise to an alleged claim.  
Claims of Company related to its rights under any of the Trademarks shall be subject only to the 
applicable state or federal statute of limitations. 
11. 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 
11. 
The parties agree that this Agreement and the relationship created thereby shall be 
construed and enforced in accordance with the following provisions: 
 
A. 
Nature of Agreement. Developer understands and agrees that this Agreement is 
not a franchise for the operation of DQ Grill & Chill® Restaurants, but is intended by the parties 
to set forth the terms and conditions which, if fully satisfied, would permit the Developer to enter 
individual Operating Agreements for the locations in the Trade Areas to be developed under this 
Agreement. 
 
B. 
Severability.  Should one or more clauses of this Agreement be held to be void or 
unenforceable for any reason by any court of competent jurisdiction, such clause or clauses shall be 
deemed to be separable in such jurisdiction and the remainder of this Agreement shall be deemed to 
be valid and in full force and effect and the terms of this Agreement shall be equitably adjusted so as 
to compensate the appropriate party for any consideration lost because of the elimination of such 
clause or clauses.  It is the intent and expectation of each of the parties that each provision of this 
Agreement will be honored, carried out and enforced as written.  Consequently, each of the parties 
agrees that any provision of this Agreement sought to be enforced in any proceeding hereunder shall, 
at the election of the party seeking enforcement and notwithstanding the availability of an adequate 
remedy at law, be enforced by specific performance or any other equitable remedy. 
 
C. 
Waiver/Integration.  No waiver by Company of any breach by Developer, nor any 
delay or failure by Company to enforce any provision of this Agreement, shall be deemed to be a 
waiver of any other or subsequent breach or be deemed an estoppel to enforce Company’s rights with 
respect to that or any other or subsequent breach.  Subject to Company’s rights to modify standards 
and as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement shall not be waived, altered or rescinded, in whole 
or in part, except by a writing signed by Developer and Company.  This Agreement together with the 
