DQ Participation Agreement 
 
 
 
28 
 
 
 
 
 
02/05/25 
 
j. 
Consumer Mobile/On-line Ordering, Payment Processing & Restaurant Reservation. 
(Applicable to use within the U.S. only). PAR currently has a license agreement with Ameranth, 
Inc. Participating Location’s use of the Licensed Software or SSS to process mobile/on-line 
ordering for food/beverage orders, payment processing, restaurant reservations and the processing 
of such transactions on a wireless handheld computing device and on internet web pages is 
covered by PAR’s license agreement with Ameranth, as long as Participating Location is using 
the Licensed Software or SSS to process these transactions, and Participating Location is paying 
PAR a transaction processing fee. If Participating Location is using its own proprietary software 
or third-party software integrated to the Licensed Software or SSS to process these transactions, 
Participating Location’s use is not covered by PAR’s license agreement with Ameranth, and 
Participating Location would need a separate license agreement (or other authorization) from 
Ameranth to Participating Location or a third party that Participating Location licenses from to 
process such transactions. If Participating Location has questions about the application of the 
Ameranth patents to Participating Location’s own proprietary software or any third-party 
software, Participating Location should obtain legal advice before Participating Location 
develops any integration. 
k. Definitions. All capitalized terms used in these Terms, to the extent not defined elsewhere in 
these Terms, shall have the following meanings: “Participating Location” means the location 
within the Dairy Queen or Orange Julius franchise systems which chooses to purchase Equipment 
and license and receive access to software through the PAR Solution by signing the Participation 
Agreement. “Intellectual Property Rights” are all patents, patent applications, trademarks, 
inventions (whether or not patentable), know-how, designs, mask works, processes, 
methodologies, service marks, copyrights and copyrightable works, trade secrets, data, designs, 
manuals, training materials and documentation, formulas, knowledge of processes, methods, 
products and product specifications and all other intellectual property rights as these terms are 
understood under Law, including any modifications, adaptations, adjustments, enhancements, 
updates, improvements, alterations and corrections thereto and other derivative works thereof. 
“Law” means any federal, state, county or local law, ordinance, statute, rule, or regulation to the 
extent it applies to either party, its property, or its obligations in connection with this Participation 
Agreement. “PAR” means ParTech, Inc., a New York corporation. 
