4025 G&C Oper Agmt – 3/25 
5 
(D) 
Licensee is in good standing, including that it has satisfied all monetary 
obligations on a timely basis, and does not have a history of substantial 
noncompliance with the System or this agreement; 
(E) 
Licensee has the right to maintain possession of the Restaurant premises, 
and has provided written proof of its ability to remain in possession of the 
premises throughout the renewal period if leasing or subleasing; 
(F) 
Licensee pays Company a $22,500 non-refundable renewal fee, which is 
due 30 days before expiration of this agreement; 
(G) 
Licensee and each Principal Owner sign a general release, in a form 
acceptable to Company, of all claims against Company and its affiliates, 
officers, directors, employees, and agents; and 
(H) 
Company approves the location where the Restaurant will be operated 
during the renewal period. 
5. 
FACILITY STANDARDS AND MAINTENANCE. Company may periodically 
establish quality standards regarding the business operations of DQ® restaurants and 
stores to protect the distinction, goodwill and uniformity symbolized by the Trademarks 
and System. Accordingly, Licensee must maintain and comply with Company’s quality 
standards and abide by the following conditions: 
5.1 
Restaurant Facility. The Restaurant must be constructed and equipped in 
accordance with Company’s current approved specifications and standards 
pertaining to equipment, inventory, signage, fixtures, location, accessory features 
and design and layout of the Restaurant. Licensee must not commence 
construction of the Restaurant, or purchase or lease a location for the 
development of the Restaurant, until Company has given written consent to 
Licensee’s building plans and the location. Licensee must complete the 
construction of the Restaurant in accordance with the approved building plans 
and otherwise satisfy all building plan and site work requirements without any 
unauthorized alterations. If Licensee enters into a lease for the Restaurant 
premises, Licensee must provide the lease and all lease exhibits to Company 
within 5 days of its execution. Licensee must obtain all necessary permits, 
licenses and architectural seals, and in all other respects comply with applicable 
legal requirements relating to the premises, building, signs, equipment and 
premises, including the Americans With Disabilities Act. Company’s consent to 
building plans or a site does not guarantee compliance with any legal 
requirements or the Restaurant’s success at that site. Company will furnish 
Licensee with lists of required and approved equipment, signage, fixtures and 
furnishings. Licensee must not use the Restaurant premises or Authorized 
Location for any purpose other than the operation of the Restaurant during the 
term of this agreement. After the expiration or termination of this agreement, 
