   
       
4 
 
4.5 
Suspension of Service. If Customer’s account is thirty (30) days or more overdue (except with respect to 
charges then under reasonable and good faith dispute) and such default has not been cured within ten (10) business 
days after written notice from RM to Customer, in addition to any of its other rights or remedies, RM reserves the 
right to suspend the Service provided to Customer, without liability to Customer, until such amounts are paid in full. 
 
4.6 
Taxes. Unless otherwise stated, RM’s fees do not include any local, state, federal, or foreign taxes, levies, 
or duties of any nature (“Taxes”). Customer is responsible for paying all Taxes, excluding only taxes based on 
RM’s income. If RM has the legal obligation to pay or collect Taxes for which Customer is responsible under this 
Section, the appropriate amount shall be invoiced to and paid by Customer unless Customer provides RM with a 
valid tax exemption certificate authorized by the appropriate taxing authority. 
 
4.7 
Billing and Contact Information. Customer shall maintain complete and accurate billing and contact 
information for the Service at all times. 
 
5. 
Proprietary Rights. 
 
5.1 
Reservation of Rights. Customer acknowledges that in providing the Service, RM utilizes (i) the Restaurant 
Magic Software name, the Restaurant Magic Software logo, the Restaurant Magic Software domain name, the product 
and service names associated with the Service, and other trademarks and service marks; 
(ii) certain audio and visual information, documents, software, and other works of authorship; and (iii) other 
technology, software, hardware, products, processes, algorithms, user interfaces, know-how and other trade secrets, 
techniques, designs, invention, and other tangible or intangible technical material or information (collectively, “RM 
Technology”) and that the RM Technology is covered by IP Rights owned or licensed by RM (collectively, “RM IP 
Rights”). Customer acknowledges and agrees that the RM IP Rights belong to RM and that other than as expressly 
set forth in this TOU, no license or other rights in or to the RM Technology or RM IP Rights are granted to Customer, 
and all such licenses and rights are hereby expressly reserved. Upon expiration or earlier termination of this TOU, 
Customer shall retain no rights of any nature with respect to the Service, the RM Technology, or the RM IP Rights. 
 
5.2 
Customer Data. As between RM and Customer, all Customer Data is owned exclusively by Customer. 
Customer Data shall be considered Confidential Information subject to the terms of this TOU. RM may access 
Customer’s User accounts, including Customer Data, solely to respond to service or technical problems, at Customer’s 
request, for training purposes, in accordance with a shared data reporting service agreement, or in connection with any 
distribution, franchise, or license system to which Customer is a party. 
 
5.3 
Consent to release Customer Data to Dairy Queen. Customer hereby authorizes RM to disclose, release 
and transmit any, and all, Customer Data collected by RM in connection with providing the Service under this TOU 
to American Dairy Queen Corporation, its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively “Dairy Queen”), including without 
limitation sales, labor, inventory, product mix, and data compiled or derived from such Customer Data. This 
authorization does not extend to any data that constitutes personally identifiable information about Customer’s 
employees, customers, representatives, agents, suppliers or vendors. In addition, notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in this TOU, Customer acknowledges that the disclosure and transmissions of Customer Data to Dairy Queen 
shall not constitute a breach of the confidentiality obligations in this TOU or any other agreement to which Customer 
and RM are a party. 
 
5.4 
Suggestions. Throughout the term of this TOU, Customer shall communicate to RM in writing any 
modifications, changes, or improvements to the Service deemed important to Customer, and all significant errors or 
incompatibilities experienced by Customer while using the Service. Customer agrees that any and all information, 
inventions, discoveries, or other matters communicated to RM under this Section 5.3 shall be deemed to be the 
property of RM, and Customer agrees to execute and deliver to RM, at RM’s request, any further documentation 
necessary to effectuate ownership of such information, inventions, discoveries, or other matters by RM. 
 
 
 
 
