4025 G&C Oper Agmt – 3/25 
14 
otherwise use the Trademarks or System on the internet, terminates when this 
agreement expires or terminates. 
6.15 Payment Methods. Licensee must allow its customers to pay for products by 
credit card, gift card, or other means or method of payment (electronic or 
otherwise) that Company periodically designates. Licensee must purchase and 
maintain at its own expense a subscription or other service contracts necessary to 
facilitate payment by any means or method of payment designated by Company. 
Company has designated a single supplier to administer and support all aspects 
of the Company’s gift card program. Licensee must sign the form of gift card 
participation agreement designated periodically by Company. 
6.16 Data Security. Licensee must comply with the Payment Card Industry (PCI) 
Data Security Standards and all other applicable data security standards. 
7. 
PERSONNEL AND SUPERVISION STANDARDS. 
7.1 
Pre-opening Training. Licensee must at its own expense comply with all of 
Company’s pre-opening training requirements for the Restaurant within 6 
months prior to the Restaurant opening. If Licensee fails to comply with 
Company’s pre-opening training requirements to Company’s reasonable 
satisfaction, Licensee cannot open or operate the Restaurant. 
7.2 
Ongoing Training. Licensee and its employees must meet Company’s ongoing 
training requirements at Licensee’s expense. 
7.3 
Training upon Default. If Licensee is in default of this agreement for failure 
to meet any operational standards, Company may require Licensee to comply 
with additional training requirements prescribed by Company at Licensee’s 
expense as a condition of curing the default. 
7.4 
In-Restaurant Training Program. Company may periodically make 
available, or provide electronic or another form of access, to Licensee an in-
restaurant training program at Licensee’s expense. Licensee may purchase 
Company’s in-restaurant training program and any training updates. 
7.5 
Supervision. Licensee must maintain and operate the Restaurant at the 
Authorized Location under Licensee’s active and continuous supervision in 
compliance with the System, on the terms of this agreement. Licensee must have 
a Designated Manager and two Assistant Managers for the Restaurant at all 
times that have successfully completed all training required by Company prior 
to starting any management duties. Any new or replacement Designated 
Manager or Assistant Manager must meet Company’s then current training 
requirements for DQ Grill & Chill® restaurant managers. 
7.6 
Staffing. Licensee must require all Restaurant employees to work in clean 
uniforms approved by Company, at Licensee’s cost or at the employee’s cost at 
Licensee’s election. No employee of Licensee is or will be deemed an employee 
of Company for any purpose.  Licensee will hire all employees of the 
