4025 G&C Oper Agmt – 3/25 
34 
(D) 
Upon Company’s or its designated purchaser’s exercise of the purchase 
option and tender of payment, Licensee agrees to sell and deliver, and 
cause its affiliates to sell and deliver, the purchased assets to Company or 
its designated purchaser, free and clear of all encumbrances, and to 
execute and deliver, and cause its affiliates to execute and deliver, to 
Company or its designated purchaser a bill of sale for the assets or any 
other documents as may be commercially reasonable and customary to 
effectuate the sale and transfer of the assets being purchased. 
14.6 Post-Term Noncompete. Licensee and the Principal Owners cannot directly or 
indirectly (including acting as a lessor, lessee, officer, director, partner, employee, 
consultant, shareholder or lender) own, operate, lease, engage in, conduct, have 
any interest in, or assist any other person or entity to engage in, any Competitive 
Business for one year after the date of expiration or termination by either party 
with or without cause (i) within 500 meters of the Authorized Location if the 
Restaurant is a Street Location, or (ii) within the building or venue that the 
Authorized Location was in if the Restaurant is a Captive-venue Location. 
14.7 Confidentiality. Licensee and its and Owners must comply with the 
confidentiality provisions of section 6.12. 
14.8 Time Period for Bringing Claims. Claims by Company for underreporting 
Gross Sales, for indemnification, or for claims related to Company’s rights 
under the Trademarks are subject only to the applicable state or federal 
statute of limitation. Any other claim arising out of or relating to this 
agreement, the relationship of the parties, Company’s operations relating to the 
Franchise System, or Licensee’s operation of the Restaurant will be barred unless 
filed before the expiration of the earlier of:  
(A) 
The time period for bringing an action under any applicable state or 
federal statute of limitations; 
(B) 
One year after the date upon which a party discovered, or should have 
discovered, the facts giving rise to an alleged claim; or  
(C) 
Two years after the first act or omission giving rise to an alleged claim. 
15. 
GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
15.1 Severability. Should one or more clauses of this agreement be held to be void 
or unenforceable for any reason by any court of competent jurisdiction, such 
clause or clauses are deemed to be separable in such jurisdiction and the 
remainder of this agreement is deemed valid and in full force and effect and 
the terms of this agreement will be equitably adjusted so as to compensate the 
appropriate party for any consideration lost because of the elimination of such 
clause or clauses. It is the intent and expectation of each of the parties that 
each provision of this agreement will be honored, carried out and enforced as 
written. Consequently, each of the parties agrees that any provision of this 
agreement sought to be enforced in any proceeding hereunder shall, at the 
