 
3/2025 
 
5 
 
EXHIBIT "A" 
 
ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF 
LICENSEE'S CONSTRUCTION RESPONSIBILITIES 
 
GENERAL 
 
 1. 
ENVIRONMENTAL SURVEYS/SOILS TESTING--It is the sole responsibility of 
Licensee to perform all environmental surveys of the property, including soils tests, and 
ADQ expressly disclaims any responsibility or liability for the environmental surveys. Soils 
tests shall include recommendations on building footings, foundation, and parking lot 
construction. It is STRONGLY recommended by ADQ that a qualified expert perform any 
tests prior to the purchase or lease of any property. 
 
 2. 
SITE INFORMATION--If a site feasibility drawing was prepared by ADQ for the location, 
its intent is to show, on a preliminary basis only, the relationship of the building and parking 
lot within the site. It is not a construction document but rather a guide for a civil engineer. 
Licensee should contract with a civil engineer to prepare drawings for the location. These 
drawings should include, but are not limited to: 
 
A. Topography and boundary survey 
B. 
Drainage/water retention plan 
C. 
Final site and grading plan setting building floor slab elevation 
D. Utilities connections from the building to sources off site 
E. 
Site details (i.e., curb detail, parking lot section, culvert/ drain details, etc.) 
 
BIDDING THE PROJECT 
 
 1. 
It is recommended that Licensee secure at least three bids from qualified, licensed contractors 
for the project. The contractors should submit an A.I.A. document A305-Contractor's 
Qualification Statement with their bid. This will provide background information on the 
contractor. 
 
 2. 
Items required by the contractors to bid the project include the drawings, specifications, 
owner supplied civil drawings, and a copy of the soils report. 
 
 3. 
It is ADQ’s recommendation that Licensee require the bidding contractors to include in their 
bids to Licensee a performance bond equal in price to that of the proposed contract sum. This 
requirement should be made known to the bidding contractors at the time of letting the project 
out for bid. 
 
