 
32 
G&C FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26 
 
6. Establish, organize and prescribe advertising and sales promotion activities (franchise 
agreement section 8.1). 
Advertising and Marketing 
ADQ establishes and conducts sales promotion activities generally for the promotion of the DQ® 
system, brand and products, and specifically for DQ Grill & Chill® restaurants. ADQ does not 
have any fiduciary obligations to franchisees with respect to the funds, nor does ADQ have any 
obligation to spend any amount on sales promotion in the area or territory where you are located, 
for a particular component or type of DQ® business or for any individual restaurant or store. ADQ 
has the sole right to determine how the sales promotion program fees will be spent, and the sales 
promotion program fees are not held by ADQ in trust. 
Fees 
ADQ’s sales promotion activities are funded by the sales promotion program fees you and other 
DQ® franchisees must pay. Depending on your sales promotion program fee rate, all or a portion 
of the sales promotion program fees you pay may go to the national marketing fund (“NMF”), and 
a portion may go to regional or designated [TV] market area (“DMA”) level sales promotion 
activities, “pooled” accounts for the benefit of a certain type of DQ® restaurant or store, or toward 
activities at an individual store level. ADQ has the right to establish and periodically change how 
the sales promotion program fees are allocated and spent without notice to you.  
You must pay a sales promotion program fee of 5% - 6% of Gross Sales, as described in Item 6, 
except as otherwise stated below. If you relocate a restaurant under ADQ’s relocation policy, you 
will be permitted to phase in to the fee structure of the new franchise agreement you sign, using 
the formula described in Item 6. If you are a conversion franchisee who signs the NSF conversion 
addendum, you pay a sales promotion program fee of the greater of: (1) the sales promotion 
program fee in your existing franchise agreement; or (2) the following amounts:  
(a) Months 1 – 24 after conversion: 1% of Gross Sales but not less than $5,000 annually 
(b) Months 25 – 48 after conversion: 1.5% of Gross Sales but not less than $6,500 annually 
(c) Months 49 – 72 after conversion: 2.0% of Gross Sales but not less than $8,000 annually 
(d) Months 73 – 96 after conversion: 2.5% of Gross Sales but not less than $9,500 annually 
(e) Months 97 – 120 after conversion: 3% of Gross Sales but not less than $11,000 annually 
(f) Months 121 forward: 3.5% of Gross Sales or the then current NMF rate 
Company-operated restaurants will pay a sales promotion program fee on the same basis as similar 
franchisees for the DMA in which those restaurants are located. Other franchisees pay greater, 
lesser or no sales promotion program fees. 
ADQ receives a portion of the sales promotion program fee payments made by franchisees to 
compensate ADQ for the sales promotion, marketing and administrative services that ADQ 
provides (the “management fee”). Currently, the management fee is computed as 7% of sales 
promotion program fee payments received. ADQ does not take a management fee on sales 
promotion program fees above 3% of gross sales. For franchisees that pay sales promotion program 
fees to territory operators, the territory operators remit all or some of those fees to ADQ and 
