4025 G&C Oper Agmt – 3/25 
26 
(J) 
Training. The transferee must, at Licensee’s or transferee’s expense, 
comply with Company’s then current training requirements for DQ Grill 
& Chill® restaurants. 
(K) 
Financial Reports and Data. Company may require Licensee to 
prepare and furnish to transferee or Company financial reports and 
other data relating to the Restaurant and its operations as Company 
deems reasonably necessary or appropriate for transferee or Company to 
evaluate the Restaurant and the proposed transfer. Company may 
confer with proposed transferees and furnish them with information 
concerning the Restaurant and proposed transfer without being held 
liable to Licensee, except for intentional misstatements made to a 
proposed transferee. Any information furnished by Company to proposed 
transferees is for the sole purpose of permitting the transferees to 
evaluate the Restaurant and proposed transfer and will not be construed 
in any manner or form whatsoever as financial performance 
representations or claims of success or failure. 
(L) 
Then Current Operating Agreement. Transferee must sign 
Company’s then current operating agreement, which may have 
materially different terms and conditions, including higher or additional 
fees. 
(M) 
Facility Items and Modernization. Licensee must complete the 
repairs, maintenance, and other similar items at the Restaurant that 
Company specifies in writing. In addition, if Licensee has not completed a 
modernization under section 5.5 in the past 10 years, then Licensee must 
complete the modernization prior to the effective date of the transfer. If 
Licensee has completed a modernization under section 5.5 in the past 10 
years, then transferee will be required to complete the next modernization 
by the date Licensee would have been required to modernize under this 
agreement. 
(N) 
Transfer Agreement. Licensee (and each Owner) must sign an 
agreement, in form satisfactory to Company, in which Licensee and each 
Owner covenant to observe the post-termination covenant not to 
compete and all other applicable post-termination obligations described 
in this agreement. 
(O) 
Other Conditions. Company may expand upon, and provide more 
details related to, the conditions for transfer and our consent as 
described in this Section 11.3, and may do so in the Operations Manual 
or otherwise in writing.  Licensee and each transferee must comply with 
any other conditions that Company reasonably requires periodically as 
part of its transfer procedures. 
11.4 Consent Not Unreasonably Withheld. As long as Licensee and transferee 
meet Company’s applicable requirements for a transfer, Company will not 
unreasonably withhold consent for the transfer. 
