DQ Participation Agreement 
 
 
 
32 
 
 
 
 
 
02/05/25 
 
o Resolution of problems or issues related to Participating Location’s installed and 
maintained network, including any wireless network solution. External Case Referral will 
be made by PAR. 
o Resolution of problems or issues related to virus or firewall management. External Case 
Referral will be made by PAR. 
o Reinstallation of operating system from scratch, assisting with loading of operating 
system upgrades, patches or release supplements or restoration of files. This is handled as 
part of the Advance Exchange Service. 
o Performing system administration tasks including but not limited to adding users, 
maintaining file system or database integrity, monitoring system resource, performing 
backup and storing software. 
o Performing system configuration changes as a result of the Participating Location’s 
decision to change internet or credit card processing providers. 
o Performing system configuration changes as a result of the Participating Location’s 
responsibilities to maintain compliance with PCI-DSS. 
o  Configuration or testing of third-party interfaces not approved by PAR. Help Desk 
Support will be limited to troubleshooting third-party interfaces approved by PAR (e.g. 
Restaurant Magic). 
o Programming of new reports or reprinting of reports and journals from archive. 
o Audit accounting or balancing of transactional detail. Issues related to cash or credit 
imbalances are not covered under any support agreement and are the responsibility of the 
customer. While technical advice regarding a specific report may be given, it is not the 
responsibility of PAR to determine whether a cash or credit imbalance exists or to 
determine the cause of the alleged imbalance. PAR agents will refrain from any 
manipulation of statistics or investigation of deposits or other financial transaction 
details, including reposting of any sales totals or transactions, including credit card sales 
or transactions, related to the Participating Location’s request. 
o Assistance with or correction of issues, including, rebuilding of database tables, totals 
files, reposting of totals or any manual manipulation of database files when the root cause 
of the issue is determined to be the Participating Location’s user environment. If PAR 
personnel conclude that a problem being reported by a Participating Location is due to 
defects in the Participating Location’s user environment, PAR will notify the 
Participating Location. Examples of defects in the user environment would include: 
electrical disturbance due to sub-standard electrical system installation or poor electrical 
supply, software failures that result from the installation of other third-party software, 
viruses contracted via the internet, incorrectly installed equipment which creates 
electrical disturbance, or natural disasters created by fire, flood or any other “acts of 
god”. 
