 
1 
G&C FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26 
Item 1: The Franchisor, and any Parents, Predecessors, and Affiliates 
To simplify the language in this franchise disclosure document (“disclosure document”), “ADQ” 
means American Dairy Queen Corporation, the franchisor. “You” means the person who buys the 
franchise. If the franchisee is a corporation, partnership or other entity, “you” may also mean its 
owners. Certain provisions of the franchise agreement apply to your owners and will be noted in 
this disclosure document.  
ADQ is a Delaware corporation incorporated in 1962. ADQ’s principal business address is 8000 
Tower, Suite 700, 8331 Norman Center Drive, Bloomington, MN 55437. ADQ has not had any 
predecessors during the 10-year period immediately before the close of its most recent fiscal year. 
ADQ does business under its corporate name and the trade names “Dairy Queen” and “DQ.” 
ADQ is a wholly-owned subsidiary of its parent corporation, International Dairy Queen, Inc. 
(“IDQ”), whose principal business address is the same as ADQ’s. IDQ is a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of its parent corporation, Berkshire Hathaway, Inc., whose principal business address 
is 1440 Blackstone Plaza, Omaha, Nebraska 68131. 
ADQ’s affiliates that offer franchises in any line of business or provide products or services to 
franchisees are: Unified Supply Chain, Inc. (“USCI”); DQF, Inc. (“DQF”); DQGC, Inc. 
(“DQGC”) and federal Canadian corporation Dairy Queen Canada Inc. (“DQC”). In addition, the 
following ADQ affiliate owns and operates DQ Grill & Chill® restaurants: DQ Training 
Restaurants, LLC (“DQTR”). The principal business address for USCI, DQF, DQGC and DQTR 
is the same as ADQ. The principal business address for DQC is 1111 International Boulevard, 
Suite 601, Burlington, Ontario, Canada L7L 6W1. 
 
ADQ’s agents for service of process are disclosed in Exhibit A of this disclosure document. 
 
Description of the Franchises Being Offered 
ADQ offers franchises for the development of DQ Grill & Chill® restaurants. A DQ Grill & Chill® 
restaurant is a quick service food establishment with indoor seating (and outdoor, in certain 
locations) from which you will sell the full line of approved DQ® soft-serve, treat, food and 
beverage menu items, and which will be operated under the DQ®, DQ Grill & Chill® and other 
marks that ADQ may designate (the “Trademarks”).  
ADQ offers single unit DQ Grill & Chill® franchises for “Street” locations, which are defined as 
freestanding, streetscape or strip mall locations with less than 500,000 gross leasable area. ADQ also 
offers a multiple unit development program for Street locations through a multiple trade area 
reservation agreement (“MultiTRA”). In certain unique circumstances ADQ also may permit a 
franchisee to operate a DQ Grill & Chill® location in captive venue (“Captive-venue”) locations, 
which are locations in shopping malls or centers (enclosed or open air, such as a lifestyle center) 
with a minimum of 500,000 square feet of gross leasable area, transportation terminals, hospitals, 
college and university facilities, parks and recreation areas, office buildings and other locations that 
cater to high volume walking traffic. 
