 
 
 
1 
AUTHORIZED OPERATOR TERMS & CONDITIONS (ADOPTING) 
 
These Authorized Operator Terms & Conditions (“AO T&Cs”) govern the use of the Services by the 
authorized DQ® franchisee that is accessing or using the Services (“Authorized Operator”).   
 
On 09/28/2023, Olo, Inc. (“Olo”) and American Dairy Queen Corporation (“Customer”) entered into a Master 
Services Agreement (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Master Services 
Agreement”). Olo and Customer have also entered into one or more Order Forms (as amended, supplemented 
or otherwise modified from time to time, each an “Order Form” and, collectively with the Master Services 
Agreement, the “Agreement”) in connection with Olo’s provision of Services (as defined in the Agreement) 
to Customer and its Authorized Operators. 
 
Authorized Operator desires to use the Services in accordance with the terms of the Agreement and intends to 
adopt certain terms of the Agreement, including certain liability provisions, for Olo to bill Authorized Operator 
directly with respect to fees and charges incurred in connection with Authorized Operator’s use of the Services. 
Authorized Operator’s access to and use of the Service is conditioned on its acceptance of and compliance 
with these AO T&Cs. By accessing or using the Service, Authorized Operator agrees to be bound by these AO 
T&Cs.  
 
1. Adoption and Amendments. Authorized Operator hereby adopts and approves the terms of the Agreement, 
subject to the amendments specified in this Section 1 below (such amended Agreement, the “Adopted 
Agreement”), and agrees to be bound by the terms of the Adopted Agreement:  
 
a. References to Customer in the Adopted Agreement shall be changed to Authorized Operator. Any 
capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them pursuant to the 
Adopted Agreement. 
 
b. The Adopted Agreement shall be coterminous with the Agreement, unless these AO T&Cs are 
terminated earlier in accordance with Section 3 below.   
 
c. The notice contact information for Authorized Operator under the Adopted Agreement shall be the 
contact information provided by Authorized Operator to Olo during the onboarding process.  
 
d. The Adopted Agreement shall exclude any terms in the Agreement relating to rights or obligations 
applicable to Customer Data, press releases, Customer Trademarks, obligations with respect to 
franchisees, or service credits. Any such terms in the Agreement shall be deleted in the Adopted 
Agreement. 
 
e. The Adopted Agreement shall only include any fees or charges under the Agreement that are (i) 
charged on a per location or per transaction/order/unit basis, and (ii) applicable to the use of the 
Services by the Authorized Operator or by locations operated by the Authorized Operator (including 
any fees or charges associated with transactions/orders/units conducted with locations owned or 
operated by the Authorized Operator). All other fees or charges set forth in the Agreement shall be 
deemed deleted in the Adopted Agreement.  
 
f. Subject to clause (d) of this Section 1, the Adopted Agreement shall automatically incorporate any 
change, supplement, amendment, amendment and restatement, or other modifications made to the 
Agreement by Olo and Customer and the Adopted Agreement shall be deemed to have been changed 
or modified accordingly; provided, that Customer will be solely responsible for notifying Authorized 
Operator of any modifications to the Agreement (including, for clarity, pricing updates and changes 
