 
3/2025 
 
6 
 
SITE WORK 
 
 1. 
A provision has been made within the drawings for landscaping. It is recommended that 
Licensee contract with a local landscape architect to prepare the drawings and incorporate 
them into the site drawings. This should be a part of the general contractor's price, and 
Licensee should ensure contractors provide bids for this work. 
 
 2. 
Site lighting is indicated on the site feasibility plan. Refer to the plan electrical sheets for 
exact specifications of light fixtures. Verify local code requirements for specific lighting 
regulations. 
 
 3. 
The trash enclosure matches the aesthetics of the building. Licensee should inform the site 
engineer so that a detail can be provided within the site documents. 
 
 4. 
If Licensee is contemplating an underground sprinkler system in the future, a 4" PVC pipe 
should be laid underneath the drive aisles adjacent to landscape areas to facilitate waterlines 
without trenching the new paving. 
 
BUILDING PLANS 
 
 1. 
No provision has been made for a floor safe. If one is desired by Licensee, he/she needs to 
inform the contractors at bid letting. 
 
 2. 
The footing and foundation depths on the drawings are illustrative only. Foundation 
requirements are to be made on a site specific basis and are dependent on local codes, 
ordinances and soils test results. 
 
 3. 
If a washer and dryer will be used in the building, electrical and plumbing connections need 
to be provided. Licensee should communicate this requirement to contractors prior to 
bidding. 
 
 4. 
The HVAC units on the roof are sized based on design load calculations and an average 
yearly temperature in the state of Minnesota. Heat loss/heat gain calculations need to be 
made by a mechanical engineer taking into consideration design load at the store location.  
The size of the unit may have to be adjusted. The need for a heat loss/gain calculation should 
be brought to the attention of the bidding contractors. 
 
5.    If a fireplace for the interior or exterior is to be installed (upon approval by ADQ) all 
specifications must comply with governing codes and regulations including safety 
protections from heat. 
 
