State Addendum (G&C FDD) - 3/25 
 
20040.5, Code of Civil Procedure Section 1281, and the Federal Arbitration Act) 
to any provisions of a franchise agreement restricting venue to a forum outside the 
State of California. 
 
E. 
The Operating Agreement requires franchisee to execute a general release of claims 
upon renewal or transfer of the Operating Agreement.  California Corporations 
Code Section 31512 provides that any condition, stipulation or provision purporting 
to bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive compliance with any provision 
of that law or any rule or order there under is void.  Section 31512 voids a waiver 
of your rights under the Franchise Investment Law (California Corporations Code 
Section 20010 voids a waiver of your rights under the Franchise Relations Act 
(Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 – 20043). 
 
F. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee 
in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the 
effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including 
fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any 
franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with 
the franchise. 
  
5. 
Disclosures Regarding the California Fast Food Act (California Assembly Bill 1228) 
A. 
Item 1: To the extent it is applicable, you must comply with California Assembly 
Bill 1228, codified at Cal. Lab. Code §§ 1474-1475 (the “Fast Food Act”), which 
may set health, safety, and employment standards related to your employees, 
including standards on minimum wages, working hours, and working conditions. 
 
B. 
Items 5, 6 and 11: We currently do not provide any training or assistance, or charge 
any initial or ongoing fees, related to the development or implementation of any 
standards, policies, or procedures that may be required under the Fast Food Act. It 
is solely your responsibility to determine whether the Fast Food Act applies to your 
franchise and, to the extent it does apply, to comply with the Fast Food Act when 
developing and constructing your restaurant, operating your franchise, and training 
and supervising your employees.  
 
C. 
Item 7: The Additional Funds estimate takes into account any increased costs that 
you may incur related to complying with the Fast Food Act (such as increased 
wages), based on the Fast Food Act standards that are in effect as of this Franchise 
Disclosure Document’s issuance date.  
