DQ Participation Agreement 
 
 
 
40 
 
 
 
 
02/05/25 
 
acknowledges that PAR shall have the right as the PARPay Service provider to take such 
commercially reasonable actions to preserve or enhance the operation of the PARPay Service which 
may include, without limitation, reducing fragmentation of Participating Location PARPay Data and 
routine maintenance and upgrading of the PARPay Service. PAR will use best efforts to conduct such 
activity at such times so as to minimize any interference with Participating Location’s use of the 
PARPay Service or limitation of Participating Location’s access to Participating Location PARPay 
Data. 
2. PAR agrees to maintain Participating Location PARPay Data extracted to the data center for a period 
of twenty-four (24) months and PAR will back up Participating Location’s consolidated Participating 
Location PARPay Data at regular nightly intervals. Weekly backups of Participating Location’s 
consolidated Participating Location PARPay Data will be stored off site. If Participating Location 
wants PAR to maintain Participating Location’s consolidated Participating Location PARPay Data for 
a longer period of time, this is considered a customization of the PARPay Service and shall be subject 
to a separate addendum or statement of work mutually agreed upon by the parties outlining the work to 
be performed, the applicable fees, and the payment terms. 
 
SECTION F: PARTICIPATING LOCATION RESPONSIBILITIES. 
1. In connection with Participating Location’s use of the PARPay Services, Participating Location will be 
responsible for the following: 
b. 
all Participating Location PARPay Data that is “Gift Credit/Debit Card Masked data”; 
c. 
implementing, monitoring, and managing Participating Location’s Store Network and Participating 
Location’s Corporate Network, including all Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI- 
DSS) related controls and activities for these networks; 
d. 
not storing/recording “Gift/Credit/Debit Card Unmasked Data;” 
e. 
bearing all risk related to the loss or theft of, alteration or damage to, or fraudulent, improper or 
unauthorized use of any Gift/Credit/Debit Card, Gift/Credit/Debit Card Number or personal 
identification number in the case of Gift/Credit/Debit Cards by an employee, agent or sub-contractor of 
Participating Location; 
f. 
maintain Participating Location’s own equipment, managed networks, and managed systems and 
systems interfaces to appropriate minimum standards; 
g. 
within ten (10) days of activation of the PARPay Services, access the PARPay Services using 
Participating Location’s office computer with Participating Location’s typical network configuration in 
order to review the PARPay Services; confirm that Participating Location PARPay Data was 
satisfactorily delivered via the internet, Participating Location’s firewall, routing system and office 
network; 
h. 
abide by the security procedures specified by PAR and perform reasonable and customary security 
practices to preclude attempts to circumvent any security procedures or utilize any unauthorized 
systems in an attempt to access data other than Participating Location’s own data; 
i. 
make all reasonable efforts to assist us in identifying, isolating and replicating issues found in the 
PARPay Services; and 
j. 
using the PARPay Services and the Device Software in a manner consistent with these PARPay Terms 
and with all applicable laws and regulations, including without limitation, copyright, trademark, and 
