DQ Participation Agreement 
 
 
 
33 
 
 
 
 
 
02/05/25 
 
 
SCHEDULE C 
 
PARPay™ SERVICE 
TERMS & CONDITIONS 
 
These PARPay™ Service Terms and Conditions for are only applicable if Participating Location is 
purchasing/licensing PARPay™ Service (“PARPay Services”), along with an approved Device (all as defined 
below). 
 
Terms and Conditions. These Terms and Conditions (“PARPay Terms”) provides Participating Location with 
a license and right to use and access the PARPay Services. These PARPay Terms constitute the agreement 
between PAR and Participating Location with respect to Participating Location’s use of the PARPay Services 
and supersedes and cancels any prior discussions, understandings, or representations between PAR and 
Participating Location. No addition to or modification of these PARPay Terms shall be binding upon either 
party unless expressly agreed to by PAR and Participating Location in writing, and, if these PARPay Terms are 
deemed an offer, acceptance is expressly limited to these Terms. Capitalized terms used herein and not 
otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in Section A.1 below or elsewhere in the 
Participation Agreement. 
 
SECTION A: PARPAY SERVICES 
1. DEFINITIONS APPLICABLE TO PARPAY SERVICES. 
a. “Authorized Users” means any of Participating Location’s employees or agents authorized by 
Participating Location to access and use the PARPay Services. 
b. 
“Corporate Network” this includes all the hardware and the software configuration on the network 
devices including switches and firewalls in Participating Location’s corporate datacenter, if applicable, or in 
the store and at Participating Location’s corporate office. 
c. 
“Device” means approved credit card terminals or pin-pads listed in Schedule C-1 loaded with 
approved software and security keys. 
d. “Device Management Services” means services provided to manage Participating Location’s 
inventory of devices, including tracking the number of Devices, location, serial number, features enabled on 
each Device and alerts set on each Device. 
e. “Device Software” means the software which resides on a Device, communicates with the PARPay 
Service and enables Participating Location’s access to the PARPay Service. 
f. “Gift/Credit/Debit Card Masked Data” means the last four (4) digits of the card number. 
g. “Gift/Credit/Debit Card Number” means the number encoded on the magnetic stripe, the Europay 
Mastercard and Visa (“EMV”) chip, or embossed/printed on the face of the Gift/Credit/Debit Card that 
identifies the Gift/Credit/Debit Card. 
h. “Gift/Credit/Debit Card Unmasked Data” means all data associated with a Gift/Credit/Debit Card 
necessary or appropriate to permit the Gift/Credit/Debit Cards to operate under the Services and in 
