 
19 
G&C FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26 
Type of Expenditure 
Amount(1) 
Method of 
Payment 
When Due 
To Whom 
Payment Is to 
Be Made(2) 
Additional Funds - 3 Months(14)  
$51,000 -$198,000 
As incurred 
Prior to 
opening and 
as incurred 
ADQ and its 
affiliates; 
employees; or 
third party 
suppliers 
TOTAL(15)(16) 
$1,516,200.00 -$2,543,050.00  
 
 
 
(1) 
The initial investment amounts do not include the cost of land, and the amounts in several categories 
will vary depending on building size, whether you lease or own the space or building, and whether 
you are a new or conversion franchisee, among other factors. 
 
The MultiTRA trade area reservation fee is not included in the total above. The trade area 
reservation fee is determined by multiplying the number of DQ Grill & Chill® restaurants you are 
granted the right to develop by $22,500. When a MultiTRA franchisee pays the trade area 
reservation fee for each DQ Grill & Chill® restaurant developed under the MultiTRA, $22,500 will 
be deducted from the initial franchise fee owed (for example, the initial franchisee fee due from the 
MultiTRA franchisee at the time of this disclosure would be $45,000 - $22,500 = $20,000). The 
trade area reservation fee is due to ADQ upon execution of the MultiTRA and is nonrefundable. 
(2) 
Except where otherwise noted, all fees paid to ADQ or its affiliates are nonrefundable. Third party 
lessors, contractors, and suppliers determine if payments to them are refundable. 
(3) 
See Item 5 for conditions when the initial franchise fee is refundable, or when you may pay a 
reduced or no initial franchise fee in certain circumstances. 
(4) 
In some cases, ADQ may require you to submit an ALTA survey for your proposed franchise site 
in connection with, and before ADQ will approve, your application for a franchise.  An ALTA 
survey is a land survey completed by a third-party surveyor to the standards adopted by the 
American Land Title Association (ALTA) and the American Congress on Surveying and Mapping 
(ASCM).  The cost for the survey will depend upon a number of factors including the location, 
size, type and condition of the lot.  ADQ also may, but is not obligated to, obtain a site investigation 
report (“SIR”) for your proposed project, which may include information related to zoning, 
permitting, parking and loading, signage, environmental, traffic and roadway, utility and other site 
related requirements, restrictions and processes.  If ADQ obtains an SIR for your project, it is doing 
so for its own information and purposes.  ADQ may, but it is not obligated to, share the SIR or 
certain information from the SIR with you. 
(5) 
There are three required components to training: (1) the MTRA; (2) SERVSAFE certification; and 
(3) ADQ’s training program, which is made up of three phases. The MTRA costs $200/person, a 
SERVSAFE course costs about $200-$400/person, and ADQ’s training program costs 
$3,600/person.  If you are a current franchisee that already has at least one existing DQ Grill & 
Chill® location open and operating for a minimum of two years and you are developing an 
additional restaurant under ADQ’s additional restaurant development (ARD) program, you may be 
permitted to have training candidates with a certain level of experience and operational approval 
test out of Product and Equipment Training (phase 1), in which case the cost of the remaining 
phases of ADQ’s training program is $2,300/person, or test out of both Product and Equipment 
