DQ Participation Agreement 
 
 
 
18 
 
 
 
 
 
02/05/25 
 
2.0 Participating Location Responsibilities 
2.1 
Execute Participation Agreement and Sales Order at least 5 weeks in advance of 
Installation Services in accordance with the market installation schedule as determined by 
PAR and Dairy Queen 
2.2 
Provide a designated representative with decision making capability and appropriate 
access to facilities to be present at Participating Location for duration of all onsite services 
including but not limited to Pre-Installation Site Survey and POS Installation Services. 
2.3 
Provide a designated representative with decision making capability to work with PAR 
throughout the duration of the Installation Services. If the Participating Location’s 
designated point of contact cannot be reached within three (3) business days, Dairy Queen 
will be notified to assist with the communications and specified installation timelines are 
subject to change. 
2.4 
Provide OSHA compliant, 6-foot ladder, of appropriate size for ceiling access where 
required, for use by the PAR installer during the installation at the Participating Location. 
2.5 
Accept complete order shipments and storage in a location to prevent damage prior to 
Installation Services. 
2.6 
Provide PAR with reasonable access to the Participating Location and systems as needed 
to complete the Installation Services, including, normal and customary utilities and office 
support services suitable for the performance of the Installation Services. 
2.7 
Ensure required quantity of functioning power outlets are available for system as specified 
in site readiness material or the site survey. Refer to Dairy Queen PAR Site Survey Form 
as set forth in the Installation Guide. 
2.8 
Ensure internet service is active and functioning for the POS at the at the time of the 
installation. 
2.9 
Ensure that the Participating Location’s firewall is configured according to the Firewall 
White List for Brink POS Software and in accordance with the IP scheme in the Dairy 
Queen System Configuration Procedure, both as set forth in the Installation Guide. 
2.10 
Supply Dairy Queen approved payment devices for installation (unless such devices are 
included in the sales order for Participating Location). These devices must be injected and 
properly configured to integrate with Brink Software prior to the Installation Services. 
2.11 
Notify PAR of any installation cancellations or reschedules. Installations cancelled or 
rescheduled are subject to fees. Refer to Participating Location’s Sales Order and the 
Installation and Abort Scenarios as set forth in the Installation Guide. To cancel services, 
contact the PAR Installation Planner via telephone or email. PAR business hours for 
rescheduling are 7:30 AM to 5:00 PM ET. 
2.12 
Pay the cost of all extra materials, tools, labor and other costs or expenses, if any, for PAR 
to revisit a Participating Location to correct a previous installation if such correction is a 
result of PAR following Dairy Queen’s or Participating Location’s installation 
instructions. 
2.13 
Provide written customer authorization of acceptance of work following onsite service 
delivery to include any open issues or concerns from service provided. 
2.14 
Ensure all site readiness requirements as defined in the Site Readiness Checklist and 
identified in the Pre-Installation Site Survey are complete and the Participating Location is 
ready for Installation Services at the time of the scheduled installation date. 
2.15 
If the Site Survey determines the Participating Location will require kitchen display 
ceiling mounts, the Participating Location will be responsible for installing any additional 
support structures required to mount the kitchen displays. 
 
 
