DQ Participation Agreement 
 
 
 
8 
 
 
 
 
 
02/05/25 
 
Distance From 
PAR Field Service Location 
P1 
Added (Hours) 
>0 < 75 miles 
0 
>75 < 100 miles 
0.5 
>100 < 125 miles 
1 
>125 < 150 miles 
1.5 
>150 < 175 miles 
2.0 
>175 Miles 
Out of Scope 
 
(c) Participating Location Responsibilities. Participating Location agrees to: 
i. 
Designate a knowledgeable resource to accurately communicate and collaborate with the PAR 
Help Desk employee. 
ii. 
Be prepared to provide all information needed including error codes, process or procedures leading 
up to the error and any other information that may be relevant and might help to expedite the 
resolution. If the knowledgeable resource designated by Participating Location refuses to 
troubleshoot over the telephone prior to RMS Service dispatch, the Call Priority will be designated 
a P2 priority and Participating Location will be invoiced for the field service visit at then 
applicable time and material rates if the field service technician determines, upon arrival, that the 
problem could have been remedied through Help Desk Support Services. 
iii. 
Perform regularly scheduled system and database backups and ensure that they are available when 
required. 
iv. 
Provide PAR field service technicians with unencumbered and immediate access to RMS 
Equipment upon their arrival at the site. 
v. 
Provide PAR’s field service technician with operating supplies, consumables, and such other items 
as the Participating Location would use during normal operation. 
vi. 
Provide working space, heat, light, ventilation, phone access, electrical power and outlets for use 
by PAR’s field service technician. 
vii. 
Remain current on all payments due to PAR under this Participation Agreement. 
viii. 
Provide PAR with at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of any relocation of the RMS 
Equipment covered under RMS Service to a location other than the Participating Location. 
 
7. General Terms. 
(a) New or Equivalent. The Equipment, replacement Equipment provided through Advance Exchange 
Services, and any parts PAR furnishes may not be newly manufactured and may contain used components; 
the foregoing does not impact the Equipment Warranty. Equipment that has been replaced (or parts thereof) 
shall be PAR property. 
(b) Limited Warranty; Limitation of Liability. (i) PAR warrants to Participating Location that (A) (1) for 
a period of five (5) years from date of Activation of the SSS in such location (the “Advance Exchange 
Warranty Period”) and (2) for a period of one (1) year from date of Activation of the SSS in such location 
for Equipment that is not AE Equipment (the “Depot Warranty Period”, and collectively with the Advance 
Exchange Warranty Period, the “Equipment Warranty Period”) the Equipment will be free of defects in 
materials and workmanship normal use and service (the “Equipment Warranty”), and (B) for a period of 30 
days from the completion of installation (the “Installation Warranty Period”), the installation was performed 
in accordance with PAR’s then current installation procedures and will be free from defect in workmanship 
normal use and service (the “Installation Warranty”). EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THE 
IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING SENTENCE, PAR DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES OF 
ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY WARRANTY OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NONINFRINGEMENT OF 
