4025 G&C Oper Agmt – 3/25 
40 
16.11 Franchise System means the franchised network of DQ® restaurants and 
stores, regardless of the concept or type of location, which operate under one or 
more of the Trademarks. 
16.12 Gross Sales means the total revenues and receipts from the sale of all products 
sold by the Restaurant, whether paid for by cash, credit (not adjusted for credit 
card fees) or gift card, barter, or otherwise, including sales of all products under 
any of the Trademarks as well as sales of other products, services and 
merchandise, whether or not identified by other brand names, and excluding 
sales taxes and revenues and receipts arising directly from Licensee’s sale of gift 
cards. 
16.13 Menu means the menus designated by Company in the Operations Manual or 
otherwise in writing. 
16.14 Operations Manual means Company’s most current operations materials, 
which may include system standards and other manuals, resource guides, 
system bulletins, handbooks, product preparation materials, brand guidelines, 
and other written materials relating to the Restaurant, System, or Franchise 
System. 
16.15 Owner means any person or entity who directly or indirectly owns an interest in 
Licensee. An Owner includes each shareholder, member, or owner of a 
corporation, limited liability company or other entity; each general partner of a 
partnership and, if a general partner is an entity, each owner of an interest in the 
general partner; and each grantor, settlor, beneficiary, trustee or other trust 
fiduciary of a trust. If the Licensee is more than one individual, each individual is 
an Owner. The Owners are identified on the Ownership Addendum attached to 
this agreement. 
16.16 Intentionally omitted. 
16.17 Principal Owner means any Owner who directly or indirectly owns a 10% or 
greater interest in Licensee. 
16.18 Restaurant means Licensee’s business and the DQ Grill & Chill® restaurant 
developed and operated under this agreement at the Authorized Location using 
System and the Trademarks. 
16.19 Street Location means a location in a freestanding building, streetscape 
location, or strip mall with less than 500,000 square feet of gross leasable area. 
16.20 System means the DQ® system which consists of the sale of distinctive dairy 
products, beverages, food products and other products and services under the 
Trademarks using distinctive facilities, equipment (including the EPOS 
System and Computer Systems), supplies, ingredients, secret and proprietary 
formulas, business techniques, methods, procedures, standards, specifications, 
and Operations Manual, together with sales promotion programs, as may be 
modified and improved periodically by Company. 
