DQ Participation Agreement 
 
 
 
29 
 
 
 
 
 
02/05/25 
 
EXHIBIT A TO SCHEDULE B 
 
LEVEL 1 & LEVEL 2 
 
HELP DESK SUPPORT SERVICES 
 
1. DEFINTIONS 
a. “Communication Cadence Time” shall mean the periodic updates that shall be given to a 
Participating Location based on the severity of the Issue as set forth in Section 3. 
b. “External Case Referral” shall mean PAR’s referral of a Help Desk Case to Dairy Queen 
(EPOS) or to a third party, including, but not limited to NetSurion (firewall), Verifone (payment 
device), credit card processor\bank or back office provider after PAR has determined that the 
issue is not related to the PAR Solution. 
c. “Issue” shall mean an Urgent (PI), Medium (P2) or Low (P3) as defined in the chart below in 
Section 3 and excludes training on the PAR Solution that exceeds more than 15 minutes. 
d. “Resolution Times” shall mean the amount of time from which an Issue is reported by Dairy 
Queen or a Participating Location to PAR and PAR provides a fix, workaround, escalation to 
development or a referral of the Issue. 
e. “Response Times” shall mean the time by which the PAR Help Desk responds to an incoming 
Help Desk Support Case from a Participating Location for Help Desk Support Services. 
f. “Help Desk Support Case” shall mean a case from a Participating Location that relates to 
assistance with the use of, or an interruption in the operability of the Equipment, Licensed 
Software, PARPay Services or Subscription Software Services. 
 
2. HELP DESK SUPPORT SERVICES 
a. PAR will provide a toll-free number and trained technical staff, available 24 hours a day, 7 days a 
week, 365 days a year to respond to Participating Location’s requests for support. 
b. PAR will provide hardware diagnostic and operational/procedural support to assist Participating 
Locations with questions and in identifying and resolving problems with the Equipment, Licensed 
Software, PARPay Services Subscription Software Services 
c. Help Desk Support covers the following types of requests: 
o Resolution or explanation of Licensed Software or Subscription Software Services generated 
error messages. 
o Assistance with user or operational problems that occur during system operations. 
o Guidance with procedural and system functionality or capability questions. 
o Research, identification and escalation of defects in the Equipment, Licensed Software, 
PARPay Services and the Subscription Software Services. 
o Assistance with the identification of programming issues or changes necessary to correct 
functionality or reporting issues. 
o Recommendations for proper system maintenance. 
o Root cause analysis of crashes and/or problems of the Equipment, Licensed Software, 
PARPay Services and Subscription Software Services. 
o Resolution of supported printer or other peripheral problems directly related to Equipment, 
Licensed Software, PARPay Services or the Subscription Software Services. 
o Referral to third parties after the Equipment, Licensed Software, PARPay Services and the 
Subscription Software Services is ruled out as the possible cause of the problem. 
o General information concerning system requirements to the Licensed Software and 
capability. 
d. PAR will attempt to resolve all Help Desk Cases utilizing the appropriate resource for any given 
Issue. 
