State Addendum (G&C MultiTRA Agmt) – 3/25 
 
ADDENDUM TO 
DQ GRILL & CHILL® 
MULTIPLE TRADE AREA RESERVATION AGREEMENT FOR THE 
STATE OF ILLINOIS 
 
This Addendum will pertain to development rights sold in the State of Illinois and will be 
for the purpose of complying with Illinois statutes and regulations.  Notwithstanding anything 
which may be contained in the body of the Multiple Trade Area Reservation Agreement to the 
contrary, the Agreement will be amended to include the following: 
 
1. 
The second to last sentence in subparagraph 11.C of the Agreement is hereby 
deleted in its entirety.  Section 41 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act states that “any 
condition, stipulation, or provision purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive 
compliance with any provision of this Act is void.” 
 
2. 
Subparagraph 11.C of the Agreement shall not be construed to mean that Developer 
may not rely on representations in the Franchise Disclosure Document that Company provided to 
Developer in connection with the offer and purchase of the license granted under this Agreement.  
Although the statements in the Disclosure Document do not become part of the Agreement, 
nothing in the Disclosure Document may contradict or be inconsistent with the contract terms. 
 
3. 
Subparagraph 11.G.1 of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and the 
following substituted in lieu thereof: 
 
 
1. 
Applicable Law and Waiver.  Subject to Company’s rights under 
federal trademark laws and the parties’ rights under the Federal 
Arbitration Act in accordance with paragraph 8 of this Agreement, the 
parties’ rights under this Agreement, and the relationship between the 
parties is governed by, and will be interpreted in accordance with, the laws 
(statutory and otherwise) of the state in which the Trade Area is located.   
 
 
4. 
Subparagraph 11.I of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Licensee’s Initials 
 
American Dairy Queen Corporation’s 
 
 
Initials 
 
