DQ Participation Agreement 
 
 
49 
 
 
 
 
 
02/05/25 
 
Hardware Maintenance Services. Participating Location may elect from two (2) different Equipment coverage 
options (Tier A or Tier B) based on the type of Equipment that the Participating Location wants to cover under the 
hardware maintenance services. The options are: 
 
Tier A: As defined in Schedule D-1 of the Participation Agreement 
Tier B: As defined in Schedule D-1 of the Participation Agreement 
 
Once Participating Location elects either Tier A or Tier B, then the Participating Location must choose either Advance 
Exchange Services or On-Site Remedial Maintenance Services for such Equipment. 
 
Participating Location may later elect to switch from Tier A to Tier B, or Tier B to Tier A. Participating Location may 
also later elect to switch from Advance Exchange Services to On-Site Remedial Maintenance Services, or from On- 
Site Remedial Maintenance Services to Advance Exchange Services. If Participating Location wants to make any 
such change, they must notify PAR via email at contractadmin@partech.com or via telephone at 1-800-448-6505, 
extension 6274. If a Participating Location elects to switch from Tier A to Tier B, then the Equipment not covered 
under Tier A must be certified by PAR to be in proper operating condition prior to becoming eligible for Tier B. Such 
certification and any resulting repairs or adjustments to bring the Equipment not covered under Tier A into proper 
operating condition shall be at a rate of $300 plus the agreed upon time and material rates for any necessary repairs. 
If the Equipment not covered under Tier A needs repair, at Participating Location’s option, Participating Location may 
either have the Equipment repaired or purchase new Equipment. Once the Equipment is accepted by PAR and 
becomes eligible for hardware maintenance services, the Equipment will be covered under Tier B Advance Exchange 
and/or On-Site Remedial Maintenance Services as selected by the Participating Location. Additionally, if a 
Participating Location’s hardware maintenance services have lapsed for more than three (3) months, then 
Participating Location’s Equipment must be certified by PAR as set forth herein before becoming eligible for hardware 
maintenance services. If Participating Location elects to change hardware maintenance service Tiers and/or switch 
from Advance Exchange Services to On-Site Remedial Maintenance Services such election will become effective on 
the first day of the calendar month after 60 days from its notification to PAR of such election (so long as in the case of 
switching from Tier A to Tier B, all Equipment which was not previously covered by hardware maintenance services 
has been certified as eligible for hardware maintenance services by PAR). 
 
 
Participating Location 
 
Authorized Signature of Participating Location 
 
Print Name 
 
Print Title 
Quote # 
 
Primary Contact Telephone 
Primary Contact Email Address: 
(May be used for order or payment inquiries) 
(May be used for order or payment 
inquiries) 
