4025 G&C Oper Agmt – 3/25 
4 
acronym or variation of the Trademarks, or any other name that could be 
deemed confusingly similar. 
3.5 
Trademark Litigation. In the event any person or entity improperly uses or 
infringes the Trademarks, Company or its affiliates will control all litigation and 
determine whether to institute, prosecute or settle a suit, the terms of 
settlement, and whether to take any other action. Licensee must promptly notify 
Company of any improper use or infringement of which Licensee is aware, 
promptly inform Company of any claim arising out of Licensee’s use of any 
Trademark, and cooperate with any action taken by Company in response. 
3.6 
Substitutions. If a party claims superior rights to use any of the Trademarks 
and Company determines that the claim is legally meritorious, then upon 
receiving written notice from Company, Licensee will, at its expense, 
immediately make such changes and use such substitutions to the Trademarks 
as Company requires. 
4. 
TERM AND RENEWAL. 
4.1 
Term. The term of this agreement starts on the Effective Date and, unless 
earlier terminated under section 13, runs for: 
(A) 
20 years after the target opening date, as determined by Company, if for a 
new DQ Grill & Chill franchise; 
(B) 
The lesser of 20 years or the remaining term of the transferring licensee’s 
operating agreement, if this agreement is signed as a requirement of a 
transfer; or 
(C) 
The renewal term specified in the expiring operating agreement, if this 
agreement is signed as a requirement of renewal. 
4.2 
Expiration Date. Company will designate the expiration date of this 
agreement on the cover page and the date designated by Company shall 
control.  
4.3 
Renewal. If the following conditions are met, Licensee may renew its license 
for an additional renewal term, which will be the shorter of 10 years or the 
period that Licensee has the right to maintain possession of the Restaurant 
premises: 
(A) 
Licensee gives Company written notice of its intent to renew between 3 - 6 
months before the expiration of the term; 
(B) 
Licensee signs Company’s then current operating agreement.  The terms 
of the then current operating agreement may differ materially from this 
agreement, including higher or additional fees; 
(C) 
Licensee has complied with the modernization and replacement 
provisions of section 5.5; 
