 
23 
G&C FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26 
systems, but you may have additional expenses starting the business. This amount does not include 
hourly labor or food costs beyond the opening inventory costs listed. The high end of this amount 
assumes that you enter into a MultiTRA and hire a Designated Supervisory Executive. Your costs 
will depend on factors such as adherence to ADQ’s systems and procedures, management skills 
and experience, business acumen, local economic conditions, the local market for DQ® products, 
competition, employee compensation, the number of employees, and the sales level reached during 
the initial period. 
(15) 
This total is an estimate of your initial investment for a single, new DQ Grill & Chill® restaurant 
(not including land and non-standard improvement costs) or your first restaurant under a 
MultiTRA, and is based on ADQ’s estimate of nationwide average costs, market conditions 
prevailing as of the date of this disclosure document, and ADQ’s and its predecessors’ experience 
in the business since 1940. If you are a multiple unit franchisee, the total initial investment for 
subsequent restaurants you develop under the MultiTRA will likely be higher due to inflation and 
other economic factors. You should review this amount carefully with a business advisor before 
making any decision to enter into a franchise agreement, or MultiTRA. For determining your initial 
cash position, you should anticipate that local lending institutions ordinarily require a 20% equity 
position on all leasehold improvements and possibly 25% on all equipment. 
 
ADQ cautions you to allow for inflation, discretionary expenditures, fluctuating interest rates and 
other costs of financing, and local market conditions, which can be highly variable and can result 
in substantial, rapid and unpredictable increases in costs. You must bear any deviation or escalation 
in costs from the estimates in this Item 7 or estimates that ADQ gives during any phase of the 
development process. 
(16) 
If you are converting an existing building for use as a DQ Grill & Chill® restaurant, you may not 
incur all of the expenses listed in this Item 7. Conversion costs may vary significantly, depending 
on the type and condition of the facility, the prior use of the building, and other costs that might be 
incurred to rectify deferred maintenance issues or to make other facility upgrades that are not 
directly related to the conversion but that are completed at the same time. 
Item 8: Restrictions on Sources of Products and Services 
Required Purchases 
You must maintain and comply with ADQ’s quality standards to protect the uniform image and 
quality of products and services throughout the DQ® system.  
While you are not required to purchase or lease real estate from ADQ or its affiliates, you must 
obtain ADQ’s consent to the location of your restaurant, and ADQ has the right but not the 
obligation to approve the lease for the restaurant premises prior to execution. You must construct 
and equip your restaurant according to the then-current design, specifications and standards and 
must ensure that your building plans comply with the Americans With Disabilities Act and all 
other federal, state and local laws.  
You must modernize your building, premises, equipment, signage and grounds to conform to 
ADQ’s then-current standards for similarly situated new DQ Grill & Chill® restaurants when you 
renew your franchise, on transfer of the franchise under certain circumstances, and every 10 years 
or any shorter period required by any applicable lease or sublease for the premises. 
