4025 G&C Oper Agmt – 3/25 
24 
(B) 
Right of First Refusal.  
(1) 
Offer. In the event of a proposed transfer, Licensee must give 
Company a copy of the purchase agreement or other written 
statement with the terms of the offer, signed by both the offeror 
and Licensee, along with such additional information concerning 
the transaction as Company may reasonably require, which may 
include a copy of the lease, financial information, tax returns and 
other documents typically provided to a buyer. Company has the 
right (at its option, upon written notice to Licensee) to assign to a 
third party Company’s right of first refusal. 
(2) 
Insolvency. If the proposed transfer results from Licensee’s 
insolvency or the filing of any petition by or against Licensee 
under a bankruptcy or insolvency law (“bankruptcy”), Licensee 
must first offer to sell to Company Licensee’s interest in this 
agreement and the land, building, equipment, furniture and 
fixtures, and leasehold interest used in the operation of Licensee’s 
Restaurant (“bankruptcy assets”). The purchase price of the 
bankruptcy assets will be established by a qualified appraiser 
selected by the parties. If the parties cannot agree upon an 
appraiser, upon petition of either party, one will be appointed by a 
judge of the United States District Court in the Authorized 
Location’s state. Licensee or Licensee’s legal representative must 
deliver to Company a written statement incorporating the 
appraiser’s report. The transaction documents will be prepared by 
Company, and will be as customary for this type of transaction.  
(3) 
Acceptance and Closing. Company has 30 days from 
Company’s receipt of the statement setting forth the third-party 
offer and such other information requested by Company, or the 
appraiser’s report, to accept the offer by delivering written notice 
of acceptance to Licensee. Company’s acceptance will be on the 
same price and terms set forth in the statement except that 
Company may substitute equivalent cash for any noncash 
consideration and the terms will include the customary 
representations and warranties as to ownership, condition of and 
title to assets, loans and encumbrances on the assets, validity of 
contracts and agreements and contingent and other liabilities 
afforded the assets. Company has 30 days after accepting the offer 
to close on the sale. 
(4) 
Failure to Accept. If Company fails to accept the offer within 
the 30 day period, Licensee has 60 days to effect the disposition 
described in the statement delivered under 11.3(B)(1) or 11.3(B)(2) 
to Company if the transfer is otherwise in compliance with 
section 11. Licensee cannot effect any other transfer of Licensee, 
this agreement or the Restaurant without first complying with the 
right of first refusal requirements. 
