4025 G&C Oper Agmt – 3/25 
10 
access device or devices necessary to enable Company to communicate 
with the Restaurant on the same basis as with other newly built DQ® 
locations. Company may designate the specifications of any future 
required communication access device or method. 
(C) 
Electronic Communication. Licensee must maintain and regularly use 
an active email account or other form of electronic communication 
designated by Company, and keep Company informed of Licensee’s contact 
information. 
6.6 
Vending, Gaming, Alcohol, and Smoking. Licensee must not permit the 
following on the Restaurant premises: 
(A) 
Video game machines, vending machines or any similar coin-operated or 
electronic device or machine. 
(B) 
The sale, distribution or use of lottery or gambling devices of any nature, 
alcoholic or intoxicating beverages, or controlled substances. 
(C) 
Smoking, and Licensee must post signs on all doors and throughout the 
Restaurant to announce the smoke-free policy. 
6.7 
Health and Sanitation. The Restaurant must be operated and maintained at 
all times in compliance with all applicable health and sanitary standards 
prescribed by governmental authority. Licensee must also comply with any 
higher standards that Company prescribes. In addition, if the Restaurant is 
subject to any sanitary or health inspection by any governmental authorities 
under which it may be rated in one or more classification, it must be maintained 
and operated so as to be rated in the highest available health and sanitary 
classification by the inspecting governmental agency. If Licensee fails to be rated 
in the highest classification or receives any notice that it is not in compliance 
with all applicable health and sanitary standards, it must immediately notify 
Company of the failure or noncompliance and resolve all non-compliant issues. 
6.8 
Evaluations. Company or its authorized representative may enter the 
Restaurant at any time during the business day to: 
(A) 
Make periodic evaluations and to ascertain compliance with this 
agreement; 
(B) 
Inspect and evaluate Licensee’s Restaurant, building, land and equipment; 
(C) 
Test, sample, inspect, and evaluate Licensee’s supplies, ingredients and 
products, and the storage, preparation, and formulation of these items; 
and 
(D) 
Inspect and evaluate the conditions of sanitation and cleanliness in the 
storage, production, handling, and serving of Licensee’s supplies, 
ingredients, and products. 
