DQ Participation Agreement 
 
 
48 
 
 
 
 
 
02/05/25 
 
average of the spot rate over the prior calendar year (January 1 – December 31) of USD/CAD by the Wall Street 
Journal as reported by on http://www.wsj.com/public/page/news-currency-currencies-trading.html and communicated 
to Participating Location in writing via email within five (5) days of such determination. The new exchange rate will be 
calculated on an annual basis for the remainder of the Term of your Participation Agreement. The annually 
calculated new exchange rate will take effect February 1 of the then current calendar year, and will apply to 
purchases of Equipment, Installation Services, existing and new purchases of Subscription Software Services, 
existing and new purchases of PARPay Services, existing and new purchases of Advance Exchange Services, and 
existing and new purchases of On-Site Remedial Maintenance Services. 
 
The Equipment sold under this Sales Order has a limited useful life. As Subscription Software Services advance, 
improve, and change, Equipment sold under this Sales Order may no longer be able to meet the minimum operating 
requirements required to run the Subscription Software Services. In the future it will be necessary to purchase new 
Equipment as the PAR Solution evolves. The exact timing as to when the Equipment sold under this Sales Order will 
no longer effectively operate the Subscription Software Services and will therefore need to be replaced has not yet 
been determined. The average life cycle of today’s typical Equipment configurations sold by PAR is 5-7 years. 
 
See below for additional fees that may be incurred by Participating Location in connection with the Installation 
Services with regards to permits, installation delays, rescheduling, aborts, revisits, or out of scope activities and may 
be separately invoiced by PAR to Participating Location. 
 
PERMIT RESEARCH FEE: 
$40 per Permit 
COST OF PERMIT +COST TO OBTAIN PERMIT: 
 Actual 
RESCHEDULE FEE: 
$135 per Participating Location 
ABORT FEE: 
$750 per Participating Location 
INSTALLATION DELAY FEE: 
$175 per hour (billed in 30-minute increments) 
REVISIT FEES: 
$175 per hour (billed in 30-minute increments) 
OUT OF SCOPE HOURLY RATE: 
$175 per hour (billed in 30-minute increments) 
 
RESCHEDULE FEE: If a Participating Location is scheduled for Service and the Participating Location reschedules 
the Service within 48 hours of the scheduled installation date, PAR will invoice the Participating Location for 
Reschedule Fee as set forth above. If a Participating Location is scheduled for Service and PAR reschedules the 
Service within 48 hours of the scheduled Service date, PAR will provide the Participating Location with a refund to 
their Installation Services costs in the amount of a Reschedule Fee. 
 
ABORT FEE: If a Participating Location is scheduled for Service and the Participating Location cancels the 
installation within 24 hours or the PAR technician arrives at the Participating Location to perform Services, 
and Services cannot be performed on the scheduled installation date for reasons not attributable to PAR, then PAR 
will invoice the Participating Location an Abort Fee as set forth above. If a Participating Location is scheduled for 
Service and PAR reschedules the Service within 24 hours of the scheduled Service date, PAR will provide the 
Participating Location with a refund to their Installation Services costs in the amount of an Abort Fee. 
 
INSTALLATION DELAY FEES: If an issue within the control of the Participating Location related issue causes: (a) the 
PAR technician to delay the installation for 30 minutes or more at any time during the performance of the Services, 
PAR may invoice the Participating Location at PAR’s standard hourly rate of $175.00/hour in 30-minute increments. If 
an issue within PAR’s or the PAR technician’s control causes the PAR technician to delay the installation for 30 
minutes or more at any time during the performance of the Services, PAR will credit the Participating Location at 
PAR’s standard hourly rate of $175.00/hour in 30-minute increments. 
 
REVISIT FEE: The Participating Location is responsible for revisits to a Participating Location after completion of the 
Installation Services due to issues outside of PAR’s control and attributable to the Participating Location’s acts or 
omissions. Such revisits will be invoiced at PAR’s standard hourly rate of $175.00/hour in 30-minute increments. The 
Participating Location will not be invoiced for revisits due to issues within PAR’s control. 
 
OUT OF SCOPE SERVICE FEES: PAR Approved out of scope services will be invoiced at $175 per hour in 30- 
minute increments. 
 
INSTALLATION DELAY AND ABORT SCENARIOS: Refer to the Installation and Abort Scenarios as set forth in the 
Dairy Queen Installation Guide. 
