 
G&C MultiTRA Agmt – 3/25 
-6- 
B. 
Management and Ownership Plan. Upon request of Company, Developer shall 
provide Company with a management plan for each location as well as above-restaurant level 
supervision. Developer will provide as part of this Agreement, a management plan that details the 
plans for the Developer’s organization to execute the development plan as detailed in the 
Development and Opening Commitment Schedule. Developer will provide ownership structure 
for each new Restaurant opened and operated. This Agreement requires that majority control of 
ownership remains consistent.  
C. 
Training.  Developer’s Designated Supervisory Executive and its Supervisors (as 
well as any replacement for such individuals) shall, at Developer’s expense, attend and 
successfully complete Company’s training program.  Developer’s Designated Supervisory 
Executive (as well as any replacement for such individual) shall also attend and successfully 
complete any additional management or other training specific to designated supervisory 
executives, as prescribed by Company.  Neither Developer’s Designated Supervisory Executive 
nor its Supervisors shall commence performing their supervisory responsibilities until they have 
successfully completed all required training.  Company shall cover the tuition for the designated 
manager and two assistant managers from the first two DQ Grill & Chill® Restaurants Developer 
opens and operates within the Trade Areas from the initial franchise fee paid by Developer.  
Developer shall be responsible for paying the tuition for all replacement designated and assistant 
managers, as well as the tuition for all designated and assistant managers for the third and each 
subsequent DQ Grill & Chill® Restaurant Developer opens and operates within the Trade Areas. 
 
D. 
Opening Assistance. Notwithstanding any terms and conditions in the Operating 
Agreements to the contrary, Developer shall be responsible for providing on-site pre-opening and 
opening assistance for the third and each subsequent DQ Grill & Chill® Restaurant it opens and 
operates pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
E. 
Confidentiality.  During and after the term of this Agreement, Developer and its 
Designated Supervisory Executive, Supervisors and principal owners shall keep strictly confidential 
all proprietary information that Company discloses to Developer in connection with Developer’s 
development of DQ Grill & Chill® Restaurants.  Developer and its Designated Supervisory 
Executive, Supervisors and principal owners shall not duplicate, disclose or disseminate, including 
by entry into any open source artificial intelligence system, such confidential information to any third 
party other than, during the term of this Agreement, those of Developer’s employees who need to 
know such information.   
6. 
TRANSFER 
 
6. 
The following provision shall govern any transfer or proposed transfer: 
 
A. 
Transfer by Developer.  Neither Developer’s interest in this Agreement nor the 
business conducted hereunder, nor any part or all of the ownership of Developer, shall be voluntarily, 
involuntarily, directly or indirectly, assigned, assumed, sold, subdivided, subfranchised or otherwise 
transferred by Developer or its owners, in whole or in part.   
 
B. 
Transfer by Company.  Company shall have the right to sell or assign, in whole or 
in part, its interest in this Agreement. 
7. 
INDEMNIFICATION 
7. 
Developer is responsible for all losses, damages and/or contractual liabilities to third 
parties arising out of or relating to any of the obligations, undertakings, promises and representations of 
Developer under this Agreement, and for all claims or demands for damages to property or for injury, 
illness or death of persons directly or indirectly resulting therefrom. Developer agrees to defend, 
