DQ Participation Agreement 
 
 
 
15 
 
 
 
 
 
02/05/25 
 
SCHEDULE A-1 
 
INSTALLATION SERVICES 
 
Services to be provided by PAR to each Participating Location: 
 
1.1. Pre-Installation Site Survey 
PAR will perform a Pre-Installation Site Survey at existing Participating Locations in advance of 
the POS solution installation. Refer to the Dairy Queen PAR Site Survey Form as set forth in the 
Installation Guide. Pre-Installation Site Survey services include the following: 
1.1.1. Schedule the site survey with a representative of the Participating Location, at the 
Participating Location, to occur at least 6 weeks before the POS installation date. 
1.1.2. Visually inspect and certify existing Participating Location network cabling as necessary. 
1.1.3. Capture images of existing equipment placement. 
1.1.4. Collect store measurements pertinent to future equipment that will be installed during POS 
installation. 
1.1.5. Validate required quantity and placement of permanent electrical outlets available for the 
PAR POS system installation. 
1.1.6. Record the kitchen display station each menu item group will route to as specified in the 
Dairy Queen PAR Site Survey Form as set forth in the Installation Guide. 
1.1.6.1. Review the survey results and Dairy Queen Site Readiness Checklist as set forth in 
the Installation Guide with the Participating Location at the completion of the 
survey process. 
1.1.7. Within approximately three business days of completing the Pre-Installation Site Survey, 
provide: 
1.1.7.1. an electronic copy of the completed Dairy Queen PAR Site Survey Form to the 
Participating Location, including a list of any necessary work or modifications that 
are outside of the scope of PAR’s Installation Services, and dates by which such 
work or modifications must be completed to meet the anticipated installation date; 
and 
1.1.7.2. a detailed estimate of the anticipated charges for any and all Installation Services 
PAR anticipates performing, customized for that Participating Location, and clearly 
defining which of those services the Participating Location may perform themselves 
or contract to another provider. 
1.1.8. Perform surveys on Sundays, Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays, and Fridays 
as PAR technician availability dictates. 
 
1.2. POS Go-live Support Services 
PAR will provide technical and operational support for the PAR Solution via a dedicated support 
phone line, from the time the Equipment arrives onsite through the first forty-eight (48) hours 
following system installation “Go-Live”. POS Go-live Support Services to include the following: 
1.2.1. Provide guidance on accessing information for Go-Live. 
1.2.2. Answer questions related to pre-Go-Live responsibilities including where to obtain login 
credentials, completing Participating Location readiness requirements, and setting prices. 
1.2.3. Answer questions related to POS operation, technical POS issues, and POS configuration. 
1.2.4. Refer Participating Location to other support entities for technical issues with Brink POS 
integrations. 
1.2.5. Direct Participating Location to available Brink POS training material as necessary. 
1.2.6. Answer questions related to setting up the Participating Location’s primary register 
