 
 
 
2 
with respect to Services that are mutually agreed in writing by Customer and Olo). Authorized 
Operator hereby ratifies such changes or modifications.  
 
2. Representations; Warranties; and Obligations.  
 
a. Authorized Operator represents and warrants that: 
 
i. Authorized Operator is a franchisee or licensee of Customer and Customer has authorized the 
Authorized Operator to use the Services; 
ii. Authorized Operator has received a copy of the Agreement from Olo or Customer and is familiar 
with the terms and conditions therein; 
iii. Authorized Operator (i) has the legal power and authority to enter into this Agreement; (ii) it will 
not violate, or use the Services in violation of any applicable Laws, including any applicable 
privacy laws, or any third party right; and (c) it will use the Services in compliance with its 
agreements with third parties; and 
iv. these AO T&Cs are a legal, valid and binding obligation on Authorized Operator, Customer and 
Olo and are enforceable against Authorized Operator, Customer and Olo in accordance with its 
terms.  
b. Authorized Operator will promptly provide Olo with information Olo reasonably requires in 
connection with onboarding and deployment of the Services. In connection with its use of the Services 
under the Adopted Agreement, Authorized Operator agrees to facilitate the timely implementation and 
deployment of the Services in good faith, including complying with the following implementation 
requirements: 
 
i. Update bank account name, routing number and account number through Olo Dashboard Portal for 
Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) billing; and 
 
ii. Activate necessary services with payment processor(s) to ensure stores are paid for orders.      
 
c. Authorized Operator is responsible for providing complete and accurate billing and contact 
information to Olo, and notifying Olo promptly of any changes to such information.  
 
3. Termination.  
 
a. Subject to the termination provision of the Adopted Agreement, these AO T&Cs shall govern 
Authorized Operator’s use of the Services until the earlier of: 
 
i. the termination of the Agreement,  
 
ii. the termination of the franchise agreement between Customer and Authorized Operator, 
   
iii. Authorized Operator no longer owning or operating the franchised location, in which case these 
AO T&Cs shall terminate as to such franchised location only,  
 
iv. Olo providing written notice of termination to Authorized Operator following three (3) months of 
non-payment; or 
 
