 
G&C MultiTRA Agmt – 3/25 
-11- 
agrees or is deemed to be required to exercise its rights reasonably or in good faith, 
Company will satisfy its obligations whenever it exercises reasonable business judgment 
in making its decision or exercising its rights (“Reasonable Business Judgment”).  A 
decision or action by Company will be deemed to be the result of Reasonable Business 
Judgment, even if other reasonable or even arguably preferable alternatives are available, 
if Company’s decision or action is intended, in whole or significant part, to promote or 
benefit the Dairy Queen® system generally even if the decision or action also promotes a 
financial or other individual interest of Company.  Examples of items that will promote 
or benefit the Dairy Queen® system include, without limitation, enhancing the value of 
the Trademarks, improving customer service and satisfaction, improving product quality, 
improving uniformity, enhancing or encouraging modernization, and improving the 
competitive position of the Dairy Queen® system.  Neither Developer nor any third party 
(including, without limitation, a trier of fact), shall substitute its judgment for Company’s 
Reasonable Business Judgment. 
 
H. 
Effective Date.  The Effective Date shall be the date when this Agreement has 
been signed by both Developer and the President or Vice President of Company.   
I. 
Receipt of Documents.  Developer acknowledges that it has received a franchise 
disclosure document at least 14 calendar days prior to the date on which this Agreement was 
executed. 
 
J. 
Time is of the Essence.   Time is of the essence with respect to Developer’s 
obligations under this Agreement.   
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed the foregoing Multiple Trade Area 
Reservation Agreement as of the dates written below. 
 
DEVELOPER:  
 
 
Company: 
 
 
 
 
 
, 
AMERICAN DAIRY QUEEN CORPORATION 
a  
 
 
 
 
     (Please type or print name and type of entity)  
By: 
 
 
 
Date: 
 
 
 
 
Its: 
 
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
Date: 
 
 
      (Signature of person signing on behalf of entity) 
 
      
 
 
 
 
 
(Please type or print name of person 
 
        signing on behalf of entity) 
 
     Its:  
 
 
 
 
    (Please type or print title of person 
 
           signing on behalf of entity) 
