State Addendum (G&C Oper Agmt) - 3/24 
 
ADDENDUM TO 
DQ GRILL & CHILL® 
OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR THE 
STATE OF MINNESOTA 
 
This Addendum will pertain to franchises sold in the State of Minnesota and will be for the 
purpose of complying with Minnesota statutes and regulations. Notwithstanding anything which 
may be contained in the body of the Operating Agreement to the contrary, the Agreement will be 
amended as follows: 
 
1. 
Company will undertake the defense of any claim of infringement by third parties 
involving the Dairy Queen® trademark or the DQ Grill & Chill® trademark and Licensee will 
cooperate with the defense in any reasonable manner prescribed by Company with any direct costs 
of such cooperation to be borne by Company. 
 
2. 
Minnesota law provides licensees with certain termination and nonrenewal rights. As 
of the date of this Agreement, Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.14, Subds. 3, 4 and 5 require, except in certain 
specified cases, that a licensee be given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) and 
180 days’ notice for nonrenewal of the Operating Agreement. 
3. 
Licensee will not be required to assent to a release, assignment, novation, or waiver 
that would relieve any person from liability imposed by Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.01 – 80C.22. 
 
4. 
The Operating Agreement contains a waiver of jury trial provision.  This provision 
may not be enforceable under Minnesota law. 
 
5. 
Licensee consents to the Company seeking injunctive relief without the necessity of 
showing actual or threatened harm.  A court shall determine if a bond or other security is required.   
 
6. 
The Operating Agreement contains a liquidated damages provision.  This provision 
may not be enforceable under Minnesota law. 
 
7. 
Any action pursuant to Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.17, Subd. 5 must be commenced no 
more than 3 years after the cause of action accrues. 
8. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee 
in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) 
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including, fraud in the inducement, or 
(ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person 
acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document 
executed with the franchise. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Licensee’s Initials 
 
American Dairy Queen Corporation’s 
 
 
Initials 
 
