DQ Participation Agreement 
 
 
 
26 
 
 
 
 
 
02/05/25 
 
8. Governing Law. These SSS Terms shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of 
the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of laws principles or rules. The English language 
version of these SSS Terms shall govern and control any translation of these SSS Terms into any 
other language. The word “including” shall mean including without limitation. 
 
9. Indemnity. 
 
a. By PAR for Intellectual Property Infringement Claims. If a third-party alleges that 
Participating Location’s use of the Licensed Software or the SSS (other than related to the 
Participating Location Data) infringes, misappropriates or otherwise violates that party's patent, 
copyright or other intellectual property or proprietary right, PAR shall defend and indemnify 
Participating Location against that claim at PAR’ expense and pay all costs, damages, and 
attorney's fees, that a court finally awards or that are included in a settlement approved by PAR, 
provided that Participating Location: 
i. promptly notifies PAR in writing of the claim; provided however, failure to provide prompt 
notice shall not relieve PAR of its indemnification obligations, unless such delay results in 
material prejudice to PAR; and 
ii. allows PAR to control, and cooperates with PAR in, the defense and any related settlement. 
 
If such a claim is made, PAR could continue to enable Participating Location to use the Licensed 
Software or SSS or to modify it. If PAR determines that these alternatives are not reasonably 
available, PAR may terminate the SSS (without any liability to Participating Location except with 
respect to PAR’s indemnification obligations herein) upon prior notice to Participating Location and 
with the return of any prepaid and unused SSS Service Fees. Notwithstanding the foregoing, PAR 
will not have any indemnification obligations hereunder to the extent such infringement is caused by: 
the modification of the SSS by Participating Location or a third party at Participating Location’s 
request; the use of the SSS in conjunction with equipment or software not provided or approved by 
PAR; or use of the SSS inconsistent with its intended purpose or which is not in conformance with 
PAR’s reasonable instructions. THE FOREGOING STATES THE ENTIRE LIABILITY OF PAR 
TO PARTICIPATING LOCATION CONCERNING WARRANTIES OF INTELLECTUAL 
PROPERTY RIGHTS AND INDEMNIFICATION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
INFRINGEMENT, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PATENT, COPYRIGHT, 
TRADEMARK, TRADE DRESS AND TRADE SECRETS. 
 
b. By PAR in General. PAR will defend and indemnify Participating Location, its affiliates and 
their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, successors, and assigns from and against 
any and all damages, losses, fines, penalties, costs, expenses, liabilities and other amounts 
(including reasonable attorney fees and expenses) (“Losses”) suffered or otherwise incurred by 
any of them arising from or in connection with or otherwise relating to: (i) bodily injury 
(including death) or damage to or loss of any tangible property caused by the negligent acts or 
omissions of PAR or its sub-contractors and their respective officers, directors, employees, 
agents, suppliers, sub-suppliers, successors and assigns in providing the SSS or Help Desk 
Support Services; (ii) gross negligence or willful misconduct of PAR or its sub-contractors and 
their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, suppliers, sub-suppliers, successors and 
assigns in providing the SSS and/or Help Desk Support Services, and (iii) any violation of Law 
by PAR or its sub-contractors and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, 
suppliers, sub-suppliers, successors and assigns or any of their respective employees, officers, 
directors, agents or representatives in providing the SSS and/or Help Desk Support Services. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, PAR is not liable to defend, indemnify or hold harmless 
