DQ Participation Agreement 
 
 
 
21 
 
 
 
 
 
02/05/25 
 
(“Availability Warranties”), and (ii) that the functionality or features of the SSS may change 
but will not materially decrease during the Term. 
For purposes of Section 3 a. (i) above, the SSS shall be considered unavailable and covered by 
the Availability Warranty set forth in the charts below when Participating Location is unable to: 
 
(iii) process a point of sale transaction (e.g. open and close an order in-store), excluding any 
outages and downtime set forth in Section 4) b) below (“Transaction Availability 
Warranty”); or 
 
(v) use the administrative portal to make and publish menu changes; or (iv) communicate 
with the Service through an application programming interface (“API”), excluding any 
outages and downtime set forth in Section b) below (“General Availability Warranty”). 
b. Outages and Downtime. The following outages and downtime shall be excluded from the 
Availability Warranty: (i) requested by Participating Location; (ii) caused by Participating 
Location or Participating Location’s contractors and agents; (iii) scheduled maintenance and 
upgrade purposes; (iv) caused by Participating Location’s computer system, web browser, 
hardware or software applications, including third party integrations, not provided by PAR; (v) 
power failures; (vi) service failures caused by a service provider other than PAR or PAR’s agents; 
(vii) damage to telecommunication facilities outside of PAR’s control, other than acts taken by or 
caused by PAR personnel; (viii) outages and downtime that arises as a result of Participating 
Location’s failure to upgrade or refresh required hardware and Equipment where such non- 
compliance was communicated by PAR to Participating Location with adequate advance notice 
and where compliance is consistent with good business practices; and (ix) outages and downtime 
that arise from excessive load (more than 20 requests per second on the API) by Participating 
Location or agents acting on Participating Location’s behalf or at Participating Location’s 
direction. PAR will provide Participating Location with one (1) week notice of any scheduled 
maintenance or upgrades, which shall occur after business hours local time. PAR shall only use 
occurrences exceeding 60 seconds to calculate downtime. 
c. Service Level Credits. PAR shall issue a credit equal to the pro-rated portion of the monthly SSS 
Service Fees for the downtime period attributable to PAR below the applicable threshold per 
month in accordance with the Availability Warranties as set forth in the charts below 
(“Availability Warranty Credit”): 
 
Transaction Availability 
Service Level Credit/Refund 
Above 99.0% to 99.9% 
10% of location’s monthly SSS Service Fee 
Above 98.0% to 99.0% 
20% of location’s monthly SSS Service Fee 
Above 95.0% to 98.0% 
30% of location’s monthly SSS Service Fee 
Above 90.0% to 95.0% 
60% of location’s monthly SSS Service Fee 
90% or less 
100% of location’s monthly SSS Service Fee 
 
General Availability 
Service Level Credit/Refund 
Above 98 to 99.5% 
10% of location’s monthly SSS Service Fee 
Above 95 to 98% 
25% of location’s monthly SSS Service Fee 
Above 90% to 94.99% 
50% of location’s monthly SSS Service Fee 
