 
38 
G&C FDD – 3/25, as amended 1/26 
for DQ Grill & Chill® sites will apply to any future locations developed under the MultiTRA 
agreement.  
From the time you submit a site to ADQ for consideration, ADQ will generally respond within 60 
days or less, depending on the status of negotiations to secure the site, the level of ADQ’s 
involvement in the identification of the site, and other factors. If you and ADQ are unable to agree 
to a site within 90 days of ADQ’s approval of your franchise application, ADQ has the right to 
retract the application approval and to refund your initial franchise fee less the non-refundable 
deposit of $10,000. 
If you are developing a restaurant through new construction, the typical length of time between 
ADQ’s acceptance of the franchise agreement and the opening of your business varies from 6 to 
12 months. This period can be longer or shorter depending upon the time of year, availability of 
and securing financing, preparation of full building plans for permitting, municipality approval 
process, how quickly your site is identified and secured, local construction delays, how soon your 
managers are selected and attend training, or other factors. 
If you are a conversion franchisee, the length of time necessary for the conversion of your DQ® 
restaurant or store to a DQ Grill & Chill® restaurant will vary depending upon the location, type 
of facility, the amount of work required for the conversion, how soon you can be scheduled for 
training and other factors. ADQ estimates that it will typically take 2 to 6 months to complete a 
conversion. 
You should not expend funds or make any other commitment in connection with the franchise and 
should not resign from employment, relocate or take any similar action until ADQ’s final 
acceptance of your application and written approval of the franchise. 
Training 
There are currently three required components to training: (1) the MTRA; (2) SERVSAFE 
certification; and (3) ADQ’s training program, which is made up of 3 phases. The following 
individuals must pass the MTRA, obtain SERVSAFE certification and successfully attend ADQ’s 
training program: your designated manager and two assistant managers (as defined in Item 15 and 
referred to as “required attendees”).  
ADQ’s training program is summarized in the table below. ADQ has the right to periodically alter 
the training program. 
TRAINING PROGRAM 
Subject(4) 
Hours of 
Classroom 
Training 
Hours of On-
The-Job 
Training 
Location(5) 
 
Product & Equipment Training (Phase 1)(1) 
 
 
 
Restaurant Operations (product preparation, 
equipment, shift positions work experience) 
0 
116 
At an approved 
certified DQ® 
location 
Customer Service 
0 
3 
Sanitation 
0 
2 
