State Addendum (G&C FDD) - 3/25 
 
 
ADDENDUM TO DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
FOR THE STATE OF NORTH DAKOTA 
 
The following information applies to franchises and franchisees subject to North Dakota 
statutes and regulations.  Item numbers correspond to those in the main body. 
1. 
Item 6. 
 
The North Dakota Securities Commissioner has determined that to require franchisees to 
consent to liquidated damages or termination penalties is unfair, unjust, or inequitable within the 
intent of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law.  As a result, the termination fee provision in 
Item 6 of the Disclosure Document is deleted in its entirety. 
2. 
Item 17. 
A. 
Covenants not to compete during the term of and upon termination or expiration of 
the Operating Agreement are enforceable only under certain conditions according 
to North Dakota law.  If the Operating Agreement contains a covenant not to 
compete that is inconsistent with North Dakota law, the covenant may be 
unenforceable.   
 
B. 
Notwithstanding anything contained in Paragraph 12 of the Operating Agreement, 
any arbitration proceeding shall take place in the city nearest to the authorized 
location in which the American Arbitration Association shall maintain an office and 
facility for arbitration, or at such other location as may be mutually agreed upon by 
the parties.  Any provision requiring franchisees to consent to the jurisdiction of 
courts outside North Dakota or to consent to the application of laws of a state other 
than North Dakota may be unenforceable under North Dakota law.  If the laws of a 
state other than North Dakota govern, to the extent that such law conflicts with 
North Dakota law, North Dakota law will control. 
 
C. 
Any general release the franchisee is required to assent to as a condition of renewal 
is not intended to nor shall it act as a release, estoppel or waiver of any liability 
ADQ may have incurred under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law. 
D. 
The Operating Agreement includes a waiver of exemplary and punitive damages.  
This waiver may not be enforceable under North Dakota law. 
E. 
The Operating Agreement requires the franchisee to consent to a waiver of trial by 
jury.  This waiver may not be enforceable under North Dakota law. 
3. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) 
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including, fraud in the inducement, 
or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other 
person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any 
document executed with the franchise.
