4025 G&C Oper Agmt – 3/25 
9 
that product, ingredient, service or equipment, other than 
payments from vendors for marketing. 
(D) 
Company has the right to designate a single approved manufacturer, 
supplier and/or distributor of any other approved products (or the 
ingredients of any approved products), approved services and any 
approved equipment but for products, services, and equipment not 
described in sections 6.4(C) (1) - (5), as long as there is not in place an 
agreement for a unified purchasing program between Company and a 
cooperative association of DQ® restaurant and store operators to benefit 
the entire Franchise System in the United States, Licensee may make 
written request for approval of a specific product, service, or piece of 
equipment of an additional, qualified manufacturer, supplier or alternate 
distributor, pursuant to Company’s then current policies and procedures.   
6.5 
EPOS System, Computer Systems, and Internet. 
(A) 
EPOS System and Computer Systems. Licensee must purchase, 
install and maintain at its own expense an EPOS System and the 
Computer Systems at the Restaurant. Licensee must purchase the EPOS 
System and Computer Systems from a source or sources designated by 
Company. Company may designate a single source from whom Licensee 
must purchase the EPOS System or Computer Systems, and any 
components thereof or associated service. As part of the EPOS System or 
Computer Systems, Licensee may be required to license software from 
Company, an affiliate or a third party, and Licensee also may be required 
to pay a software licensing or user fee and support fee in connection with 
Licensee’s use of the EPOS System or Computer Systems. Licensee may 
periodically be required to enter into license agreements related to 
Licensee’s use of components of the EPOS System or Computer Systems. 
Licensee will be required to use and, at Company’s discretion, pay for all 
future updates, supplements and modifications to the EPOS System or 
Computer Systems. Licensee must allow Company access to Licensee’s 
EPOS System and the Computer Systems, and the data and information 
they collect and store, at such times and in such a manner as Company 
periodically designates. Licensee must keep all financial information and 
customer data produced by or otherwise located on Licensee’s EPOS 
System or Computer Systems secure at all times. 
(B) 
Internet Access.  Licensee must have access at all times to the internet 
(or future form of electronic communication) at the Restaurant through an 
established service provider. Licensee must purchase, install and maintain 
a minimum of one DSL or cable/broadband internet connection and (if 
required by Company) one additional phone line or other future required 
communication access device that are exclusively designated and 
permanently connected to the EPOS System and any required Computer 
Systems. If the Restaurant is in an area without DSL or cable/broadband 
internet access, Company may require Licensee to install either a satellite 
connection, up to three additional phone lines, or any other communication 
