3/2025 
4
  8. 
Consult with the Licensee concerning the process of unloading equipment, initial equipment inspection and acceptance 
of equipment.  The Licensee is solely responsible for determining if items are missing or damaged and for filing any and 
all claims with the appropriate parties. 
 
  9. 
The Licensee is responsible for the unloading, placement, installation and hook up of all approved equipment.  This is to 
be accomplished through the general contractor, subcontractors and laborers.  The ADQ construction consultant will 
consult with the Licensee concerning the supervision of the equipment installation process.  The Licensee is solely 
responsible for requiring that the general contractor, subcontractor and laborers are available, as determined by the 
construction consultant, at the appropriate times to comply with the installation schedule.  Failure to make such 
arrangements may delay the equipment installation. 
 
 10. 
For new locations (but not remodels) certain pieces of equipment require a breaking-in period of several days’ running 
time.  The Licensee acknowledges that he/she is solely responsible for the final adjustments to these pieces of equipment 
and is aware that this may require hiring local trade services.  The Licensee is required to employ a qualified technician 
to make proper adjustments to the soft serve machine(s), shake machine(s), Mr. Misty  machine, ice machines, display 
freezers, walk-in cooler/freezers, fryers, chain broilers and other items. Final equipment adjustments should occur once 
the machines have been operated with actual product. 
 
11. 
Provide a project final punch list of shortcomings and deficiencies in relation to approved construction plans, addenda, 
change orders, construction contract and workmanship.  Consultant will review all punch list items with the Licensee, 
Operations field force and general contractor prior to leaving the job site.  It is the Licensee’s responsibility to ensure that 
the general contractor completes all punch list items prior to final payment. 
 
 12. 
Consult with the Licensee in obtaining the final approvals of the necessary agencies for building occupancy.  The 
contractor is responsible for contacting the required agencies to make final inspections for the purpose of obtaining the 
occupancy permit. 
 
 13. 
Consult with the Licensee regarding construction warranty work the contractor may be required to provide.  For 
equipment warranty, the Licensee must work with its equipment vendor. 
 
 14. 
Consult with the Licensee at the Licensee’s request to verify that the proper documentation is received from the general 
contractor (i.e. lien releases, inspection reports) prior to project closeout. 
 
 
GENERAL NOTES: 
 
  1. 
All design changes to the building and equipment must be made prior to ADQ final plan approval, obtaining final bids and 
signing of the construction contract.  Changes made after signing the contract may result in additional costs to Licensee.  NO 
CHANGES ARE TO BE MADE WITHOUT NOTIFYING THE CONSTRUCTION CONSULTANT AND 
OBTAINING WRITTEN APPROVAL FROM ADQ. 
 
  2. 
All locally furnished approved equipment should be made available to the general contractor to keep construction on 
schedule.  No unapproved equipment will be installed. 
 
  3. 
Bids can be influenced by local governing regulations and requirements, developers’ design criteria, and actual site as 
built conditions.  The general contractor shall include all items in the bid.  However, because of timing or unforeseen 
circumstances, some of these items may be added to the total construction cost via approved change orders and paid by 
the Licensee. 
 
  4. 
ADQ does not assume any responsibility for construction cost overruns or costs associated with opening delays.  All 
construction costs, late fees, rental commencement charges, etc., associated with the project opening are the sole 
responsibility of the Licensee.   
