17 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ESA Premier Suites (2025) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Franchise Agreement 2025 Template) 
 
 
conform to the Standards and Laws. Franchisor may withdraw Franchisor’s approval of any Travel Services 
Channel, Site, website, other online presence, or other electronic medium in Franchisor’s sole discretion. 
9. 
MARKS 
9.1 
Ownership and Goodwill. Franchisor’s Affiliate has licensed the Marks to Franchisor to 
use and sublicense in franchising, developing, and operating Brand Hotels. Franchisee’s right to use the 
Marks is derived only from this Agreement and is limited to use in connection with operating and promoting 
the Hotel pursuant to this Agreement during the Term. Franchisee’s unauthorized use of the Marks is a 
material breach of this Agreement and infringes on the rights of Franchisor and its Affiliates. Franchisee 
acknowledges that Franchisee’s use of the Marks and any goodwill established by that use inure exclusively 
to Franchisor and its Affiliates, and that this Agreement does not confer upon Franchisee any goodwill, 
ownership rights, or other interest in the Marks, other than the right to operate and promote the Hotel during 
the Term. Franchisee may not contest or assist any other person or entity in contesting the validity or 
ownership of the Marks. 
9.2 
Limitations on Franchisee’s Use of Marks. Franchisee will use the Marks: (i) only in 
connection with the operation and promotion of the Hotel during the Term; (ii) only as provided in this 
Agreement and in the Standards, and as Franchisor otherwise expressly authorizes; and (iii) only in a 
manner that will not harm or damage Franchisor, the System, or the Marks. Franchisee will not use any 
Mark in connection with the Hotel or the System that is not a Franchisor Mark, including the names of 
restaurants or other outlets at the Hotel (“Other Marks”) without Franchisor’s prior approval. Franchisee 
will not use any Other Marks that may infringe or be confused with a third party’s trade name, trademark 
or other rights in intellectual property. Franchisee hereby provides a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable and 
fully paid-up right and license to use the Other Marks to Franchisor and its Affiliates in any medium and 
manner. Franchisee represents that there are no Claims or proceedings that would materially affect 
Franchisor’s use of the Other Marks. Franchisee must post in the Hotel readily visible to the public in a 
prominent place, and on any other materials that Franchisor may require, a notice indicating that Franchisee 
is a licensed operator of a Brand Hotel and is permitted to use the Marks under a license in accordance with 
the Standards. Franchisee acknowledges that any unauthorized or prohibited use of any of the Marks will 
constitute infringement of Franchisor’s rights and a material breach of this Agreement. Franchisee may not 
take any action to record this Agreement or apply for any rights, registrations, or interests in any Marks 
without Franchisor’s prior written permission and direction to do so. If Franchisee registers or applies to 
register any Marks in violation of this Agreement, then Franchisor, in addition to all other remedies 
available to it at law or in equity, may require Franchisee, at Franchisee’s expense, to cancel such 
application or registration or transfer such application or registration to Franchisor. 
9.3 
Third-Party Infringements or Challenges. Franchisee must notify Franchisor 
immediately of any apparent infringement or challenge to Franchisee’s use of any Mark or of any third 
party’s Claim of any rights in any Mark. Except as required by Law, Franchisee may not communicate with 
any person other than Franchisor, its Affiliates, and its attorneys regarding any infringement, challenge, or 
Claim. Franchisor may take any action Franchisor deems appropriate in its sole discretion (including no 
action) in response to such notification. Franchisor may control exclusively any litigation, administrative 
proceeding, or other effort to address any such infringement, challenge, or Claim concerning any Mark. 
Franchisee agrees that it will sign any documents and take any other actions that Franchisor or its counsel 
deem necessary or advisable to protect Franchisor’s interests in any litigation, administrative proceeding, or 
effort to address any such infringement, challenge, or Claim and to protect Franchisor’s interests in the 
Marks. 
