30 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ESA Premier Suites (2025) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Franchise Agreement 2025 Template) 
 
 
liabilities (including employment liabilities, bodily injury, death, property damage and loss, personal injury 
and mental injury), fines, penalties, interest, and damages of every kind and description, including 
allegations of negligence by such Persons (or anyone associated or affiliated with Franchisee or the Hotel, 
including owners, officers, directors, agents or contractors), whether or not a formal proceeding has been 
instituted, arising from or related to Franchisee, the Hotel, the Site, this Agreement or an Other Agreement, 
including without limitation: (i) any claimed occurrence at or related to the Hotel (including, the 
construction, renovation, upgrading, alteration, remodeling, repair, operation, ownership or Franchisee of 
the Hotel or the Site or of any other business conducted on, related to, or in connection with the Hotel or 
the Site); (ii) the unauthorized use of the Marks; (iii) violation of Law, (iv) any payment Franchisee makes 
or fails to make, (v) any breach or violation of Law, (vi) any act, error or omission (active or passive), or 
(vii) all costs and fees the Indemnitees incur with regard to actions, Claims, notices or proceedings involving 
Franchisee, Franchisee’s Affiliates, (and each of their past, present, or future directors, officers, servants, 
employees, incorporators, members, partners, stockholders, subsidiaries, affiliates, controlling parties, 
entities under common control, ownership or management, vendors, service providers, agents, attorneys or 
representatives, past or present), including without limitation participation in such actions, Claims, notices 
or proceedings by responding to discovery requests, by making an appearance as a witness, or otherwise 
(collectively, an “Indemnified Claim”). Franchisee assumes full responsibility and liability for and agrees 
to release the Indemnitees from and against any Indemnified Claim, regardless of when in the future 
sustained and whether or not caused or contributed to by the negligence of Indemnitees. Franchisee agrees 
to give Franchisor written notice of any suit, judicial or administrative investigation, proceeding or any 
other event that could be the basis for an Indemnified Claim within three (3) days after Franchisee first 
becomes aware of it. Franchisee will indemnify, defend, protect and hold harmless the Indemnitees for any 
Indemnified Claim upon demand, and Franchisee’s obligations are not conditioned upon and shall not be 
delayed by the pendency of any legal process or final resolution of any Indemnified Claim. At Franchisor’s 
election in Franchisor’s sole discretion, Franchisee will defend the Indemnitees against the Indemnified 
Claim and will reimburse Indemnitees upon demand. Franchisor may control the defense of any 
Indemnified Claim at Franchisee’s cost (including the right to select counsel or defend or settle any 
Indemnified Claim). Franchisor may, at any time, offer, order, consent or agree to settlements or take any 
other remedial or corrective actions with respect to any Indemnified Claim. Franchisor reserves the right to 
approve any resolution or course of action in regard to an Indemnified Claim. None of the Indemnitees are 
required to seek recovery from third parties or otherwise mitigate their losses to claim indemnification. The 
failure by any Indemnitee to pursue recovery from third parties or mitigate loss will not reduce the amounts 
recoverable from Franchisee. Franchisee agrees that any failure to pursue recovery from third parties or 
mitigate loss will in no way reduce the amounts recoverable by Franchisor or any of the other Indemnitees 
from Franchisee. Franchisee agrees and understands that Franchisor and its Affiliates shall not, nor shall 
they have the obligation to, indemnify or hold Franchisee harmless from and against any action or Claim 
by any third party based upon Franchisor’s or Franchisor’s Affiliates’ exercise of any of its rights in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
17.2 
Limitation of Liability. To the maximum extent permitted by law, Franchisee 
acknowledges and agrees that except as provided under an applicable guarantee of performance, or express 
statutory liability for such conduct, none of the Indemnitees will have any liability for (i) any obligations 
or liabilities relating to or arising from this Agreement, (ii) any Claim based on, in respect to, or by reason 
of, the relationship between Franchisee and Franchisor, or (iii) any Claim based on any of Franchisee’s 
alleged unlawful act or omission. For avoidance of doubt, this provision constitutes an express waiver of 
any Claims based on the theory of vicarious liability. 
17.3 
Survival of Provisions. This Section 17 will continue in full force and effect subsequent 
to and notwithstanding the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 
