 
4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2025 ESAP Development Agreement 
building, zoning, and local design regulations. After Franchisor provides its written consent to 
the Plans and Designs, no change may be made to the Plans and Designs without Franchisor’s 
further prior written consent in Franchisor’s sole discretion. Franchisor’s consent to the Plans 
and Designs or any modifications or changes to them does not constitute a legal review, 
guaranty or warranty as to suitability of the Plans and Designs or to the resulting Hotel Work. 
Franchisee must start and complete the initial construction or renovation of the Hotel, as 
applicable, in accordance with the approved Plans and Designs, and the Standards. Franchisee 
will bear the entire cost of developing, constructing, and renovating the Hotel, as applicable, 
including professional services, financing, insurance, licensing, contractors, permits, and 
FF&E. Franchisee must obtain Franchisor’s prior written consent in Franchisor’s sole 
discretion for any material deviation from the Plans and Designs and the Standards in 
construction, renovation, equipment, and furnishing of the Hotel. Prior to commencing 
construction or renovation, as applicable, Franchisee must: (i) submit to Franchisor evidence 
of insurance required by the Standards, (ii) submit to Franchisor evidence that Franchisee is 
entitled to possession of the Site; and (iii) obtain any and all approvals, permits, or licenses 
required for construction or renovation, as applicable, to begin. 
Franchisee may not begin operating the Hotel under the Marks without Franchisor’s written 
authorization, which Franchisor may condition on Franchisee’s, its architect, or its general 
contractor’s certification that the Hotel is in compliance with the Plans and Designs, System, 
Standards, and Laws and Franchisor’s approval of such certification in its sole discretion. 
Franchisor will conduct a final inspection of the Hotel, at Franchisee’s cost and expense, 
within thirty (30) calendar days after Franchisee gives Franchisor written notice that the Hotel 
is ready to open for business (the “Pre-Opening Inspection”). Franchisor’s determination that 
Franchisee has met all of Franchisor’s pre-opening requirements will not constitute a 
representation or warranty, express or implied, that the Hotel complies with any Law or a 
waiver of Franchisee’s non-compliance or Franchisor’s right to demand full compliance with 
such pre-opening requirements or any other provision of this Agreement. Franchisee may not 
open the Hotel until Franchisee receives Franchisor’s written authorization that Franchisee 
can open the Hotel. If Franchisee fails Pre-Opening Inspection, Franchisor may, in its sole 
business judgement, charge Franchisee Franchisor’s costs and fees associated with any 
necessary additional visits before Franchisor’s written authorization that Franchisee can open 
the Hotel is granted.  
Any failure or delay by Franchisee in fulfilling its obligations to develop and open any Hotel 
when required by the Development Schedule or to obtain site acceptance by the date specified 
in the Development Schedule shall constitute a material, non-curable breach of this Agreement 
permitting Franchisor to immediately to terminate this Agreement by giving written notice of 
termination to Franchisee.  Time is of the essence with respect to performance by Franchisee 
of its obligations under this Agreement.   
5.2 
Franchise Agreements.  Franchisor will process each Application according to Franchisor’s 
then-current standards for approval.  If approved, Franchisee shall execute Franchisor’s then-
current Franchise Agreement, which will include the following terms: 
5.2.1 
Franchisee will pay Franchisor the Initial Franchise Fee in the amount set forth in the 
then-current Franchise Agreement, less a $50,000 credit from the Development Fee.   
5.2.2 
the Royalty Fee will be [amount]% of Gross Room Revenue; 
