 
B-2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2025 ESAP Development Agreement 
 
“Control” (and any form thereof, such as “controlling” or “controlled”) means the possession, directly or 
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of an entity, or of the 
power to veto major policy decisions of an entity, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by 
contract, or otherwise. 
“Dispute” means any disagreement, controversy, or Claim relating to or arising out of the Franchise 
Agreement and/or any Other Agreement(s), the relationship created by the Franchise Agreement and/or the 
Other Agreement(s), or the validity or enforceability of the Franchise Agreement and/or any Other 
Agreement(s). 
“Effective Date” has the meaning defined in the preamble to this Agreement. 
“Franchise Disclosure Document” means that certain document that Franchisor provides to prospective 
franchisees of Brand Hotels as required by the trade regulation rule of the Federal Trade Commission 
entitled “Disclosure Requirements and Prohibitions Concerning Franchising” and as Franchisor may update 
from time to time. 
“Franchisee” means Franchisee and its permitted successors and assigns. 
“Government or Government Entity” means:  (i) any agency, instrumentality, subdivision or other body 
of any national, regional, local or other government; (ii) any commercial or similar entities owned or 
controlled by such government, including any state-owned and state-operated companies; (iii) any political 
party; and (iv) any public international organization. 
“Gross Room Revenue” means revenues attributable to or payable for the use or occupancy of the 
Guestrooms at the Site, including barter and credit transactions (before commissions and discounts for 
credit cards), whether or not collected, proceeds from any business interruption insurance or other loss of 
income insurance applicable to loss of revenues due to the non-availability of rooms, and proceeds for 
guaranteed no-show revenue and other cancellation fees which are collected, but excluding sales taxes, 
room taxes or other taxes collected by Franchisee from customers for transmittal to appropriate taxing 
authorities.  Gross Room Revenue shall also exclude revenue derived from vending, laundry exchange, and 
laundry machines.  Gross Room Revenue shall be accounted for in accordance with the Uniform System of 
Accounts for The Lodging Industry, Eleventh Revised Edition, 2014 (the “2014 11th Edition”), as 
published by the Hotel Association of New York City, Inc., except as otherwise provided in the accounting 
procedures set forth in the Standards; subject, however, to the right of us to designate any subsequent edition 
or to designate a reasonable alternative accounting system if, the 2014 11th Edition is no longer recognized 
as the authoritative lodging accommodations accounting practice. 
“Guestrooms” means each rentable unit in the Hotel generally used for overnight guest accommodations, 
the entrance to which is controlled by the same key, provided that adjacent rooms with connecting doors 
that can be locked and rented as separate units are considered separate Guestrooms.   
“Hotel” means the Hotel located at the Site that Franchisee will develop pursuant to this Agreement.  The 
Hotel includes all structures, facilities, appurtenances, guest rooms, meeting facilities, supplies, entrances, 
exits, and parking areas located on the Site or any other real property that Franchisor approves for Hotel 
expansion, signage, or other facilities. 
