14 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ESA Premier Suites (2025) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Franchise Agreement 2025 Template) 
 
 
5.20 
Other Businesses. Franchisee may not share or comingle the business operations and Hotel 
facilities with any Other Hotel or other business if such sharing or comingling may result in Franchisee’s 
breach of its obligations hereunder, including those pursuant to Section 5.15 or Section 12. 
5.21 
Franchisee Affiliates. Franchisee must promptly provide to Franchisor all information 
Franchisor requires about Franchisee and its affiliates (including Franchisee’s respective beneficial owners, 
officers, directors, shareholders, partners, or members) and about title to the property on which the Hotel is 
constructed and any other property used by the Hotel. 
5.22 
Tenants in Common. Franchisee may not engage in any tenant-in-common syndication 
or Transfer of any tenant-in-common interest in the Hotel or the Hotel Site without Franchisor’s prior 
written consent in Franchisor’s sole discretion. 
6. 
FRANCHISOR RIGHTS 
6.1 
Pre-Opening Visit. Franchisor may require a pre-opening visit to the Hotel to assist with 
the Hotel’s opening, for which Franchisee will reimburse Franchisor for Franchisor’s Travel Costs and pay 
associated fees and charges.  
6.2 
Training. Franchisor or Franchisor’s Affiliates may specify and provide required or 
optional initial, periodic, remedial and other training programs from time to time, both in-person and online, 
for which Franchisor may charge non-reimbursable training and other fees, charges and costs. Franchisor 
may also require periodic attendance at System and/or Network conferences. Franchisee will attend and 
complete all required training programs and conferences as and when required to Franchisor’s satisfaction 
in Franchisor’s sole discretion and pay all associated fees, tuition, training materials, supplies, and Travel 
Costs of Franchisee’s employees and representatives as and when required by Franchisor. If Franchisor 
holds training at the Hotel, Franchisee will not charge for lodging and will reimburse Franchisor for 
Franchisor’s associated Travel Costs. 
6.3 
Consultation. From time to time in Franchisor’s sole discretion, Franchisor may make 
consultation and advice services available to Franchisee about the operation of the Hotel as a Brand Hotel 
and may require Franchisee to reimburse Franchisor for Franchisor associated Travel Costs and pay 
associated fees and charges. 
6.4 
Inspections/Compliance Assistance and Quality Assurance Program. Franchisor may 
physically and/or electronically enter and inspect the Hotel and operations, books, records, accounts, tax 
returns, systems, real or personal property related thereto at any time and from time to time, without notice 
to Franchisee, including without limitation to determine whether the Hotel is in compliance with the 
Standards and this Agreement. Franchisor may also include the results of guest satisfaction surveys as well 
as unsolicited feedback received from Franchisee’s guests in Franchisee’s final quality assurance score. 
Franchisor may publish and disclose the results of quality assurance inspections and guest surveys. 
Franchisor may, at Franchisor’s sole discretion, implement a chain-wide quality assurance/mystery shopper 
inspection program to be performed by a third party. Franchisee must provide complimentary lodging for 
the inspectors when they visit the Hotel. Franchisee and Hotel staff will cooperate fully and completely 
with the inspector and facilitate such inspection. If Franchisor determines that the Hotel is not in compliance 
with the Standards or this Agreement, Franchisor will instruct Franchisee to correct the identified 
deficiencies. Franchisee will ensure that Hotel personnel attend any related training that Franchisor may 
specify, at Franchisee’s sole cost and expense. Franchisee will pay Franchisor’s then-current inspection fee 
and will reimburse Franchisor for direct or third party Travel Costs, fees, charges and other costs incurred 
