 
23 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Extended Stay America Premier Suites FDD (2025) 
of the Hotel and is non-refundable. All other amounts disclosed in this chart are non-refundable. 
NOTE 2: 
You may wish to retain a third-party consultant to estimate the anticipated cash flows that the 
Hotel will generate, based on the consultant’s analysis of the supply and demand characteristics 
of the local market and forecasted operating and market conditions. 
NOTE 3: 
Before you purchase real property, you may wish to retain a third-party consultant to evaluate 
any potential environmental risks and liabilities and remediation costs.  This estimate includes 
the cost of a Phase I Environmental Site Assessment. The cost of a Phase II Environmental Site 
will vary based on site specific factors.  The low estimate assumes you own the property pre-
conversion and would not incur these amounts. 
NOTE 4: 
If you are converting a property you would not incur amounts for the purchase of the land as 
you would already be in possession of the land.  
NOTE 5: 
Facility Renovation includes costs of converting a suburban existing extended stay hotel 
building and facilities which already include kitchens to an EXTENDED STAY AMERICA 
PREMIER SUITES hotel. Exterior signage is included in these costs. These costs do not 
include the cost of adding kitchens to an existing transient hotel as those costs will vary greatly. 
Building costs vary greatly from state to state and region to region depending on material costs, 
labor costs, and other factors.  This estimate will increase if your Hotel is in an urban area, or 
there are any unusual site conditions, labor shortages due to an active construction market, or 
organized labor groups. 
NOTE 6: 
You may incur professional fees for architects, designers, engineers, and providers of various 
technical services. The amount of these fees will vary depending on location, the qualifications 
and experience of the professionals you select, and the terms you negotiate with each of them 
and the scope of the renovation required.  The low estimate assumes you would not incur any 
of these costs in your conversion. 
NOTE 7: 
The low estimate assumes your existing insurance pre-conversion would satisfy our Standards 
and you would have no additional insurance expenses in a conversion. You must add us as an 
additional named insured on all insurance coverage.  You must obtain insurance coverages 
required by the Standards. The cost of such coverage will vary based on selected carrier, 
coverage levels, geographic location, special provisions and other factors, including your risk 
profile. The high estimate is to acquire and maintain the types of insurance we require in the 
amounts we require during the first 3 months of operation of your Hotel. 
NOTE 8: 
The low estimate assumes you would have already incurred these amounts pre-conversion and 
would have no additional expenses of this nature in a conversion. 
NOTE 9: 
Includes Project Management Fee, PMS set up costs, equipment and license costs, revenue 
management and Reservation Service set up costs, and third-party project management service 
costs (See Item 11).  These estimates also include potential costs for televisions, telephones, 
network infrastructure and related installation.   
NOTE 10: Your general manager must complete our GM Certification program currently held virtually  
or in person from our Charlotte, NC headquarters. You will be responsible for the cost of the 
program ($1,900) plus any travel and lodging costs of attending these sessions. The estimate 
does not include the cost of sending any additional employees to our GM Certification program.  
You may elect to send additional employees to the GM Certification program for a fee of 
