8 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ESA Premier Suites (2025) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Franchise Agreement 2025 Template) 
 
 
4.8 
Suppliers. Franchisor may designate suppliers, including Franchisor (and Franchisor, an 
Affiliate or a third party may be the only designated supplier for certain items), for certain Supplies. 
Franchisee consents to communications from such suppliers. Unless the Standards require otherwise, 
Franchisee is not required to use Franchisor’s designated suppliers and may procure Supplies from any 
source that is not disapproved by Franchisor in its sole discretion so long as the Supplies comply with the 
Standards. Franchisor may require suppliers of Supplies and other products and supplies that are identified 
with Brand Hotel and/or other Network Hotels to execute designated supplier agreements with Franchisor.  
If Franchisee requests evaluation by Franchisor of a supplier who is not then an approved System supplier, 
Franchisee must pay Franchisor’s then-current Supplier Review Fee, which is nonrefundable and due upon 
receipt of an invoice. Franchisor’s designation of a supplier is not a warranty of the supplier’s financial 
condition or performance. Franchisee will not purchase from suppliers whose Supplies fail to meet the 
Standards. Franchisor and its Affiliates have the right to receive rebates, commissions, and other 
consideration from suppliers and third parties on account of their actual or prospective dealings with 
Franchisee and other franchisees and owners of Network Hotels. 
5. 
FRANCHISEE’S RESPONSIBILITIES 
5.1 
Management of the Hotel. 
5.1.1 
Either Franchisee or a Management Company (as applicable, the “Manager”) must 
manage the Hotel, in either case subject to Franchisor’s prior approval in its sole discretion. Regardless of 
whether Franchisee or a Management Company is the Manager, Franchisee is at all times responsible for 
complying with the obligations of this Agreement and Franchisee must at all times retain and exercise direct 
management control over the Hotel's business. Franchisee shall not enter into any lease, management 
agreement, or other similar arrangement for the operation of the Hotel or any part thereof (including without 
limitation, retail or food and/or beverage service facilities) with any natural person or Entity without the prior 
written consent of Franchisor in each instance, and Franchisee may not itself manage the Hotel without 
Franchisor’s approval of Franchisee as the Manager. Franchisor will not unreasonably withhold its approval 
so long as the Management Company or Franchisee (as applicable) (i) meets Franchisor’s minimum 
qualifications, (ii) possesses the managerial skills or operational capacity required to operate the Hotel in 
accordance with the Standards and this Agreement, (iii) provides  Franchisor will all information and access 
that Franchisor reasonably requests, (iv) ensures that its personnel attend and satisfactorily complete required 
brand standard training programs, and (v) is neither a Competitor nor a Sanctioned Person. The Person 
identified in Item 16 on Exhibit A is the approved Manager at opening.  If Franchisor approves a 
Management Company as the Manager, as a condition of that approval, the Management Company must 
sign the then-current documents Franchisor requires to protect its intellectual property rights and to reflect 
the Management Company’s agreement to perform its management responsibilities and otherwise operate 
the Hotel in compliance with this Agreement (collectively, the Management Company Documents”).  The 
current version (which may be updated from time to time) of the Management Company Documents is 
attached 
as 
Exhibit 
G. 
 
Without limiting its other rights and remedies under this Agreement and applicable law, Franchisor may 
withdraw its approval of a Manager (whether a Management Company or of Franchisee as the Manager of 
the Hotel) at any time, including if Franchisor determines that the Manager fails to manage the Hotel to the 
Standards, or otherwise manages the Hotel in such a way that may adversely reflect upon or affect the Hotel, 
the Brand, the System, Franchisor, or Franchisor’s affiliates. If Franchisor withdraws its approval, then 
Franchisee must promptly terminate the management agreement with that Management Company (if 
applicable) and either assume direct control of the Hotel’s management and operation, if Franchisor 
approves Franchisee to manage the Hotel, or engage another Management Company that Franchisor has 
