16 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ESA Premier Suites (2025) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Franchise Agreement 2025 Template) 
 
 
Franchisee’s Marketing Materials must be true, accurate and correct. Franchisee will immediately notify 
Franchisor in writing if any correction or modification to Franchisee’s Marketing Materials is necessary and 
immediately make such correction and modification in all uses of such Marketing Materials. Any approved 
Marketing Materials may be used by other Brand Hotels or Network Hotels without compensation to 
Franchisee. All advertising and promotion by Franchisee must be factually accurate and shall not 
detrimentally affect the Marks or the System, as Franchisor determines in its sole discretion. From time to 
time, Franchisor may issue and/or revise policies and Standards on advertising, promotion, marketing, 
electronic channels, and social media use. Franchisee represents, warrants, covenants and agrees that it will 
take all steps necessary to ensure compliance with all of the requirements of any such policies and Standards.  
8.3 
Franchisor Website; Travel Services Channels. 
8.3.1 
Franchisor and its Affiliates own and maintain the Website to advertise, market, and 
promote Brand Hotels and Network Hotels at Franchisor’s sole discretion, and may provide each participating 
Brand Hotel page(s) on the Website. Franchisee must periodically provide to Franchisor or such entity as 
Franchisor may designate such information, photographic or other images, and other materials as Franchisor 
may require relating to the Hotel’s page(s) and/or Travel Services Channels, and must promptly notify 
Franchisor whenever any information, images, or materials on the Hotel’s page(s) or Travel Services Channels 
require modification or replacement. Franchisee may be required to use Franchisor’s approved supplier for 
Hotel photography and/or reimburse Franchisor for photography expenses. Franchisee must ensure that all 
information, images, and materials on the Hotel’s page(s) and Travel Services Channels are current, accurate, 
and not misleading, and do not violate this Agreement, Standards, or any Laws or infringe any third party’s 
intellectual property, privacy, or other rights. Franchisor has sole discretion over the information, images, and 
materials appearing on Franchisor’s website, including on the Hotel’s page(s), and on Travel Services 
Websites. Franchisor owns all intellectual property rights and other rights in the Website, including in the 
Hotel’s page(s), and on Travel Services Channels. Franchisee may only use and permit domain names that 
Franchisor assigns for use to Franchisee or otherwise approves in writing prior to use in Franchisor’s sole 
discretion. Franchisor may implement new Standards and periodically modify Standards, including Standards 
applicable to the Website, curate the content of the Website, approve or disapprove particular Travel Service 
Channels, or discontinue the Website or any part of its content, each at any time and from time to time.  
8.3.2 
Franchisee may not develop, maintain, use or authorize any use of the Website, 
Travel Service Channel or other electronic medium that relates to the Network, System, or Hotel, facilitates 
reservations for the Hotel, or includes all or any part of any of the Marks or any terms confusingly similar to 
the Marks, including in Franchisee’s domain name or URL, search engine optimization or search engine 
marketing, without Franchisor’s consent in Franchisor’s sole discretion (which may be contained from time 
to time in Standards). Franchisee shall not use, own, register, apply, or otherwise take title to any corporate, 
legal, domain name, website, electronic communication sites including mobile applications, social media 
sites or the like (“Sites”). For purposes of this Section, “Sites” includes Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, 
Snapchat, Linked In, YouTube, Pinterest, Tumblr, or any other social media or pictorial media site. 
Franchisee will immediately assign ownership of any Sites, in whole or in part, to Franchisor upon request 
by Franchisor. Franchisee further agrees to immediate relief, under ADR, WIPO or any other forum 
including but not limited to injunctive relief in favor of Franchisor for violation of this Section. Franchisee 
agrees to reimburse Franchisor for any legal fees and costs for violation of this Section. Franchisee hereby 
agrees that any and all domain names and Sites will inure to the benefit of Franchisor and will irrevocably 
assign and transfer to Franchisor all of Franchisee’s right, title and interest in any such Sites containing the 
Marks. Franchisee will immediately authorize and instruct the cancellation or transfer of any Sites or domain 
names to Franchisor in violation of this Section. Any Franchisee use of the Marks on any channel must 
