 
43 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Extended Stay America Premier Suites FDD (2025) 
Under the Development Agreement, you must during its Term, and except as we otherwise approve in 
writing, devote your (or employ a Multi-Unit Manager to devote its) full time and best efforts to the 
management and operation of the development business. 
 
ITEM 16 
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL 
As long as you comply with applicable law, we do not impose any restrictions as to the customers to whom 
you may sell goods or services. In general, you must comply with our requirements as to the types and 
levels of services, amenities and products that must or may be used, promoted or offered at or in connection 
with the Hotel. We may change these requirements at any time and there are no limits on our rights to do 
so. You must operate the Hotel 24 hours a day, 7 days a week in accordance with your Franchise Agreement 
and the Standards, except as we otherwise permit. You may only refer guests to other Brand Hotels and 
Network Hotels and you may not use any part of the Hotel for any business other than a Brand Hotel.   
You may not affiliate or identify the Hotel with another franchise system, reservation service, brand, 
cooperative or trademark during the Term.  You may not promote a competing business or other lodging 
facility, except as we may approve.  You may not enter into any agreement or other arrangement with a 
concessionaire (such as retail or food and/or beverage service facilities) without our prior written consent.  
You may not allow gambling at the Hotel or use the Hotel for any casino, lottery, or other type of gaming 
activities, or associate with any gaming activity, knowingly permit adult entertainment activities at the 
Hotel or sell, display or use in the Hotel any vending machines, honor bars, video or other entertainment 
devices or similar products. You and your owners may not conduct or permit the marketing or sale of 
timeshares, vacation ownership, vacation club, residence club, fractional ownership, condominiums, 
apartment leasing or rental business, or like schemes at, or adjacent to, the Hotel or for any business that 
shares common areas, amenities, recreation facilities, services, supplies or support activities with the Hotel 
without our consent.   
You must honor and give priority for available rooms to all confirmed reservations booked through the 
Reservation Service and you must only use the Reservation Service for Hotel bookings.  You must also 
participate in and honor the terms and conditions of any loyalty, discount, amenity, service or promotional 
programs required by the Standards, any Guest Room rate quoted to prospective guests when they make 
reservations, any fees charged by these programs, and any award certificates (including, credit toward food 
purchases or internet or other items or amenities) issued to Hotel guests participating in these programs. 
You are responsible for setting your own room rates, and prices for other products and services at the Hotel, 
including determining any prices or rates that appear in the Reservation Service. We may, however: (i) 
prohibit certain types of charges or billing practices that we determine are misleading or detrimental to the 
System; (ii) require that you price consistently in all distribution channels; and (iii) impose other pricing 
requirements permitted by law.  You must honor any prices, rates or discounts that appear in the Reservation 
Service or elsewhere, honor all reservations made through the Reservation Service or that are confirmed 
and not charge any Hotel guest a rate higher than the rate specified for the Hotel guest’s reservation in the 
Reservation Service or, if not made through the Reservation Service, in the reservation confirmation.  You 
must also honor all pricing and terms for any other product or service offered in connection with the Hotel.  
You must also participate in any sales, guest or inventory management programs or promotions offered by 
us, including quality assurance and guest complaint resolution programs and referral programs.   
 
 
