 
48 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ESA Premier Suites (2025) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Franchise Agreement 2025 Template) 
 
multiple franchise systems under various trademarks.  For the avoidance of any doubt, for purposes of this 
Agreement, “System” only refers to the  franchise system for the Brand being licensed hereunder to the 
Franchisee. 
“Taxes” means all federal, state and local taxes (including any sales, gross receipts, value-added, goods 
and services, payroll, unemployment, beverage, permit, license, property, ad valorem and other taxes), 
levies, charges, impositions, stamp or other duties, fees, deductions, withholdings, interest or other 
payments levied or assessed by any competent Government Entity. 
“Term” has the meaning set forth in Section 2. 
“Termination Fee” has the meaning set forth in Section 16.3. 
“Transfer” means the voluntary or involuntary, direct or indirect, sale, conveyance, exchange, assignment, 
transfer, pledge, grant of a security interest in, or other disposition of this Agreement by law or otherwise, 
any right or obligation under this Agreement, or any form of ownership interest in Franchisee or the assets, 
revenues or income of Franchisee’s Hotel, including:  (1) any issuance or redemption of a legal or beneficial 
ownership interest in the capital stock or ownership units  of Franchisee; (2) any merger or consolidation 
of Franchisee, whether or not Franchisee is the surviving legal entity; (3) any transfer as a result of a 
divorce, insolvency or dissolution proceeding or otherwise by operation of law; (4) any transfer on the death 
of Franchisee or any Owner of Franchisee by will, declaration of trust or under the laws of intestate 
succession; or (5) any foreclosure of Franchisee’s Hotel  or any Franchisee transfer, surrender or loss of 
possession, control or management of Franchisee’s Hotel. A marketing list, customer list or potential 
customer list may be transferred only with Franchisor’s prior written approval in Franchisor’s sole 
discretion to a transferee to whom Franchisee’s rights and obligations under this Agreement are 
simultaneously being transferred in accordance with the terms hereof.  
“Travel Costs” means out-of-pocket expenses for travel, food, lodging, and incidentals incurred by 
Franchisor or Franchisee or their respective employees or agents while engaged in various activities 
requiring travel, including without limitation pre-opening assistance; training; consultation; and inspection, 
compliance, and quality assurance. 
“Travel Services Channel” means a website, mobile application, widget or other electronic, voice, virtual 
or other channel operated by a third party (that is not Franchisee’s Affiliate) that promotes, markets, 
facilitates, searches or advertises travel-related products and services for a number of hotel brands, 
including other Network Hotels. 
“Uniform System” means the Uniform System of Accounts for the Lodging Industry, Eleventh Revised 
Edition, 2014, as published by the American Hotel & Lodging Educational Institute, or any subsequent 
edition, revision or replacement that Franchisor designate. 
“Website” means a website that Franchisor or Franchisor’s Affiliate develops, maintains, or authorizes for 
the Hotel and all or certain other Brand Hotels that Franchisor periodically specifies (and, in Franchisor’s 
sole discretion, other Network Hotels). 
