 
G-5 
 
 
Extended Stay America Premier Suites - EX G (2025) 
We must provide this Franchise Disclosure Document to you at least 10 days prior to the execution 
by you of a binding franchise or other agreement, or at least ten 10 days prior to the receipt of any 
consideration, whichever first occurs. 
MARYLAND 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the ESH Strategies Franchise LLC Disclosure 
Document, the following provisions shall supersede and apply to all Extended Stay America Premier Suites 
franchises offered and sold in the state of Maryland: 
 
1. 
The following is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(c), entitled 
Requirements for franchisee to renew or extend, and Item 17(m), entitled Conditions for franchisor approval 
of transfer: 
 
However, any release required as a condition of renewal, sale and/or assignment/transfer 
will not apply to claims or liability arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and 
Disclosure Law. 
 
2. 
The following is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17(h), entitled “Cause” 
defined – non-curable defaults: 
 
The Development Agreement and Franchise Agreement provide for termination upon 
bankruptcy.  This provision might not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 
U.S.C. Sections 101 et seq.), but we will enforce it to the extent enforceable. 
 
3. 
The following sentence is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17(v), 
entitled Choice of forum: 
 
You may bring suit in Maryland for claims arising under the Maryland Franchise 
Registration and Disclosure Law. 
 
4. 
The following language is added to the end of the chart in Item 17: 
 
You must bring any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and 
Disclosure Law within 3 years after the grant of the franchise. 
 
5. 
The following language is added to Item 11 with regard to the System Services Fee: 
 
A statement showing how System Services Fees have been spent in the last year will be 
provided to you upon your written your request. 
 
6. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any 
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the 
franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the 
franchise. 
 
 
 
 
