 
G-12 
 
 
Extended Stay America Premier Suites - EX G (2025) 
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the 
franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the 
franchise. 
RHODE ISLAND 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the ESH Strategies Franchise LLC Disclosure 
Document, the following provisions shall supersede and apply to all Extended Stay America Premier Suites 
franchises offered and sold in the state of Rhode Island: 
 
1. 
The following language is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(v), 
entitled Choice of forum, and 17(w), entitled Choice of law: 
 
Section 19-28.1-14 of the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act provides that “A 
provision in a multi-unit Development Agreement or franchise agreement restricting 
jurisdiction or venue to a forum outside this state or requiring the application of the laws 
of another state is void with respect to a claim otherwise enforceable under this Act.” 
 
Each provision of this addendum to the Disclosure Document shall be effective only to the extent 
that with respect to such provision, the jurisdictional requirements of the Rhode Island Franchise Investment 
Act are met independently without reference to this addendum. 
 
VIRGINIA 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the ESH Strategies Franchise LLC Disclosure 
Document, the following provisions shall supersede and apply to all Extended Stay America Premier Suites 
franchises offered and sold in the state of Virginia: 
 
1. 
The following language is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17.h., 
entitled “Cause” defined – non-curable defaults: 
 
Pursuant to Section 13.1-564 of the Virginia Retail Franchising Act, it is unlawful for a 
franchisor to cancel a franchise without reasonable cause.  If any grounds for default or 
termination stated in the Development Agreement or Franchise Agreement do not 
constitute “reasonable cause,” as that term may be defined in the Virginia Retail 
Franchising Act or the laws of Virginia, that provision may not be enforceable. 
 
2.  
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any 
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the 
franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the 
franchise. 
 
Each provision of this addendum to the Disclosure Document shall be effective only to the extent 
that with respect to such provision, the jurisdictional requirements of the Virginia Retail Franchising Act 
are met independently without reference to this addendum. 
 
 
 
 
