 
36 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Extended Stay America Premier Suites FDD (2025) 
to our satisfaction before your hotel will be approved for opening as a Brand Hotel.  In the event an existing 
ESA property is purchased, at least one franchisee principal must complete this training to our satisfaction 
within 90 days of purchasing the property.  
General Manager Certification 
During the Term, you or your Management Company (if any) must employ a full-time, qualified and 
competent General Manager. The General Manager must complete our General Manager Certification 
program to our satisfaction (FA, Section 5.1).  Otherwise, we do not train your employees.  We do not hire 
your employees for you. You must pay us $1,900 per individual for each individual that you send to this 
program.   
The General Manager Certification program is a two-day workshop facilitated by ESA at our corporate 
headquarters in Charlotte, NC and can be complemented with optional Functional Path Training modules 
via ESU Online.  We reserve the right to conduct General Manager Certification virtually if we determine, 
in our sole judgment, that circumstances require us to do so.  .  Attendees will be trained on our brand 
requirements for a Brand Hotel, processes, technology systems, quality programs, guest relations 
procedures, service culture and various other topics.  General Managers must successfully complete this 
mandatory training program to our satisfaction before the Opening Date of a newly constructed Brand Hotel 
or within 60 days of the opening for a transferred or converted Brand Hotel or within 60 days of hire for a 
new General Manager. If we do not offer the General Manager Certification training within the specified 
time period, required attendees must complete the next available program. General Managers must present 
a certificate of completion upon request.  
Pre-Opening Onsite Training 
 
The third part of our required initial training program includes scheduling a pre-opening visit to assist you 
with training your Hotel staff on brand standards, systems and related issues concerning the Hotel’s 
opening (FA Section 6.1). You must pay us a $2,500 fee to cover our travel, lodging, and overhead 
expenses. The trainer will arrive at or before the hotel opening or transfer and typically stays for 2 days.  
There are no instructional materials or tasks that you must complete to our satisfaction.  As of the date of 
this disclosure document, attendees will be trained on our brand requirements, processes, technology 
systems, quality programs, guest relations procedures and various other topics. However, if we determine 
(in our sole judgment, based on operations at your, or your affiliate’s other System Hotels) that you are 
capable of training your own staff on the brand standards, then you need not pay us the $2,500 pre-
opening training fee and we will not provide on-site training in connection with the opening of your 
Hotel. In this circumstance you must provide opening training to your Hotel staff according to our brand 
standard requirements. If you are purchasing an existing Brand Hotel and are retaining previously trained 
associates and the General Manager, we may determine (in our sole judgment) that an abbreviated pre-
opening visit is appropriate.  In this circumstance, your pre-opening training fee will be reduced in 
proportion to the amount of support we provide. 
 
Service Culture Training 
 
The fourth part of our required initial training program includes a mandatory one-hour ESU Online course 
for each of your associates to be completed within 90 days of hire date. This ESU Online course introduces 
hotel associates to ESA service culture and shares recommendations for exemplary guest service. (FA 
Section 6.1).  Compliance will be tracked via training completion reports and may become a required item 
on the Hotel’s Quality Assurance audit in the future. The initial rollout of this program in Spring 2025 will 
also include complimentary onsite training by ESA personnel and instructional materials will be provided.  
After the initial rollout, you will be responsible for the cost of the workbook materials for your associates. 
