 
B-3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2025 ESAP Development Agreement 
 
“Laws” means all public laws, statutes, ordinances, orders, rules, regulations, permits, licenses, certificates, 
authorizations, directions and requirements of all Governments and Government Entities having 
jurisdiction over the Hotel, Site or over Franchisee to operate the Hotel, which, now or hereafter, may apply 
to the construction, renovation, completion, equipping, opening and operation of the Hotel, including Title 
III of the Americans with Disabilities Act, 42 U.S.C.  § 12181, et seq., and 28 C.F.R.  Part 36. 
“Marks” means the Brand and all other business names, copyrights, designs, distinguishing characteristics, 
domain names, emblems, insignia, logos, slogans, devices, service marks, service marks, symbols, 
trademarks, trade dress, trade names, and indicia of origin (whether registered or unregistered by Franchisor 
or Franchisor’s Affiliates) used in the System, all as Franchisor or Franchisor’s Affiliates may change, 
delete, add to or otherwise modify in Franchisor’s sole discretion, and any combinations of the foregoing. 
“Network” means the hotels, inns, conference centers, timeshare properties and other operations that 
Franchisor and Franchisor’s Affiliates own, license, lease, operate or manage, whether under the Brand or 
other brands, now or in the future. 
“Network Hotel” means any hotel, inn, conference center, timeshare property or other similar facility 
within the Network. 
“Party” or “Parties” means Franchisee or Franchisor when referred to individually, and collectively when 
referred to in plural. 
“Person(s)” means a natural person or entity. 
 “Sanctioned Person” means (a) the government of any country that is subject to an embargo imposed by 
the United States government or United Kingdom government; (b) in the event of entities, Persons located 
in, or organized under, the laws of any country that is subject to an embargo imposed by the United States 
government or United Kingdom government; (c) in the event of individuals, Persons that ordinarily reside 
in any country that is subject to an embargo imposed by the United States government or United Kingdom 
government; or (d) Persons identified from time to time by any government or legal authority under 
applicable laws as a Person with whom dealings and transactions by ESA and/or its Affiliates are prohibited 
or restricted, including Persons designated on the U.S.  Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign 
Assets Control (OFAC) List of Specially Designated Nationals and Other Blocked Persons (including 
terrorists and narcotics traffickers), Persons designated on the United Kingdom government’s asset freeze 
lists and similar restricted party listings, including those maintained by other governments pursuant to 
applicable United Nations, European Union, regional or national trade or financial sanctions. 
“Site” means the real property on which the Hotel is located or to be located, as approved by Franchisor. 
“Standards”  means Franchisor’s confidential Brand standards, systems, guides, programs, other 
requirements (including those relating to insurance), directives, specifications, design criteria, and such 
other information, initiatives and controls that are required by Franchisor in its sole discretion for planning, 
designing, constructing, renovating, refurbishing, and operating Brand Hotels. 
“System” means the elements, including know-how, that Franchisor designates to distinguish hotels 
operating under the Brand that provide to the consuming public a similar, distinctive, hotel service, as 
Franchisor may modify, amend or supplement from time to time in its sole discretion. The System currently 
includes:  the Marks, Confidential Information and the Standards; access to the Reservation Service; 
