 
41 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Extended Stay America Premier Suites FDD (2025) 
You must promptly notify us of any suspected unauthorized use of the Marks, any challenge to the validity 
of the Marks, or any challenge to our right to use and to license others to use, or your right to use, the Marks. 
Under the Franchise Agreement, we have the right to direct, and control any litigation, administrative 
proceeding, or other effort to address any infringement, challenge, or claim involving the Marks, including 
any settlement of the action. We also have the right to take action against uses by others that may constitute 
infringement of the Marks. You must sign any documents and take any other reasonable actions that we 
deem necessary or advisable to protect and maintain our interests in any litigation, administrative 
proceeding, or efforts to address any infringement, challenge, or claim and to protect our interest in the 
Marks. Although we have no obligation to indemnify you, we will reimburse your reasonable out-of-pocket 
costs for taking any requested action. 
We have the right, upon reasonable notice, to change, discontinue, or substitute any of the Marks and to 
adopt entirely different or new Marks for use with the System without any liability to you. You must 
implement any changes at your expense in accordance with our instructions within the time periods we 
specify. You have no right to any compensation or other remedies from us for any such modification. 
All goodwill and ownership rights from your use of the Marks and the System accrue solely to us. 
 
ITEM 14 
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION 
Patents and Copyrights 
We do not own any current or pending patents that are material to the franchise being offered. We own 
common law copyrights in the Standards, which we maintain as our confidential and proprietary 
information. Although we will make the Standards available to you during the Term of your Franchise 
Agreement solely for your use in the operation of your Hotel, these materials are our property and must be 
returned to us upon expiration or termination of your Franchise Agreement. Your use of the Standards 
during the Term of your Franchise Agreement is governed by the restrictions on Proprietary Information 
discussed immediately below. 
As described in the Franchise Agreement, if we require, you must immediately modify or discontinue using 
copyrighted materials. We will have no obligation to reimburse you for any expenditure you make because 
of any discontinuance or modification.  
There are no currently effective determinations of the USPTO, Copyright Office, or any court concerning 
any copyrights. There are no currently effective agreements from which we derive our rights in the 
copyrights that could limit your use of them. The Franchise Agreement does not obligate us to protect any 
of the rights that you have to use any copyrights or impose any other obligation upon us concerning 
copyrights. The Franchise Agreement requires you to notify us of claims by others of rights to, or 
infringements of, our copyrighted materials.  
We are not aware of any infringements that could materially affect your use of any copyright. 
Confidential and Proprietary Information 
You may not copy or disclose to any unauthorized party any Confidential Information without our prior 
written consent. You may use Confidential Information only for purposes of operating the Hotel. You may 
disclose Confidential Information only to those parties that require access to it in order to operate the Hotel, 
