 
G-54 
 
 
Extended Stay America Premier Suites - EX G (2025) 
contractor’s earnings from the party seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $250,000 per 
year (an amount that will be adjusted annually for inflation).  As a result, any provisions contained 
in the franchise agreement or elsewhere that conflict with these limitations are void and 
unenforceable in Washington. 
 
RCW 49.62.060 prohibits a franchisor from restricting, restraining, or prohibiting a franchisee 
from (i) soliciting or hiring any employee of a franchisee of the same franchisor or (ii) soliciting 
or hiring any employee of the franchisor.  As a result, any such provisions contained in the 
franchise agreement or elsewhere are void and unenforceable in Washington. 
 
3.  
INDEMNIFICATION.   The following language is added to the end of Section 10 of the 
Development Agreement: 
 
The Franchisee’s indemnification obligation does not extend to liabilities caused by 
Franchisor’s acts or omissions amounting to gross negligence, willful misconduct, strict 
liability, or fraud. 
 
4. 
DISCLOSURE.   Section 13.9.1 is hereby deleted from the Development Agreement.   
 
5.  
ADDITIONAL.  The following language is deleted from Section 13.13 of the 
Development Agreement: 
 
With the exception of claims related to representations contained in the franchise disclosure 
document for the Brand, Franchisee, on Franchisee’s own behalf and on behalf of, as 
applicable, Franchisee’s officers, directors, managers, employees, heirs, administrators, 
executors, agents and representatives and their respective successors and assigns hereby 
release, remise, acquit and forever discharge Franchisor and Franchisor’s Affiliates and 
Franchisor’s and Affiliates’ respective officers, directors, employees, managers, agents, 
representatives and their respective successors and assigns from any and all actions, claims, 
causes of action, suits, rights, debts, liabilities, accounts, agreements, covenants, contracts, 
promises, warranties, judgments, executions, demands, damages, costs and expenses, 
whether known or unknown at this time, of any kind or nature, absolute or contingent, 
existing at law or in equity, on account of any matter, cause or thing whatsoever that has 
happened, developed or occurred relating to this Agreement or the relationship between 
Franchisor and Franchisee before the Effective Date of this Agreement. This release will 
survive the termination of this Agreement. 
6.  
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any 
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by ESA, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of ESA. This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
 
