 
33 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Extended Stay America Premier Suites FDD (2025) 
We may adopt upgraded and updated computer software and hardware system standards (including for the 
network infrastructure) and you must comply with our then current standards (Franchise Agreement 
Sections 4.6 and 5.4). There is no contractual limitation on the frequency and cost of computer system 
upgrades and updates. If you fail to do so, you will incur a $500 per month non-compliance fee. See Item 
7 for information concerning the estimated cost of computer systems. We are not obligated to maintain, 
repair or upgrade your computer system components for you. 
Revenue Management System and Centralized Reservation System 
You must use our approved revenue management system (“RMS”) that will enable you to predict customer 
demand and optimize inventory and price availability. Currently, we have one approved supplier of revenue 
management software and we anticipate transitioning to a new approved supplier in the near future. You 
must use our approved centralized reservation system (“CRS”) that will enable you to manage hotel 
information, room inventory, and rates through all channels. Currently we have only one approved supplier 
for the CRS. We estimate the current cost to setup the RMS and CRS to be approximately $500. We may 
provide you with support for the RMS and CRS through the System Services Fee.   
Credit Card Terminals and Credit Card Processing 
You must have at least 2 credit card terminals in your Hotel. We estimate the cost of these devices to be 
approximately $1,000 to $3,000 and the installation to be between $200 to $300. You must use an approved 
supplier for these terminals and the credit card payment processing system at your Hotel.  Currently, we 
only have one approved supplier for these terminals and credit card payment processing. Your credit card 
terminals and credit card processing must be installed and managed by our preferred service providers.  
Charges for processing are currently $25 to $35 per Hotel per month and $.03 per transaction. Credit card 
charges will be driven by volume. You must use our approved supplier for digital credit card authorizations. 
We estimate the implementation fee to range from $200-$250 and the annual fee is currently $500.  We 
only have one approved supplier for digital credit card authorizations. 
ESA Website 
We (or an affiliate) own and maintain the ESA Website to advertise, market and promote the System Hotels 
(and, if implemented at our or our affiliate’s option, Network Hotels). This website also markets and 
promotes EXTENDED STAY AMERICA SUITES and EXTENDED STAY AMERICA SELECT 
SUITES hotels.  We may include your Hotel on the ESA Website, and you must periodically provide us 
with all information and other materials concerning the Hotel that we require relating to the Hotel’s page(s) 
and must promptly notify us whenever that information or material is no longer accurate.  
We will have the final decision on all content appearing on the ESA Website, including the Hotel’s page(s). 
We may implement and periodically modify Standards for the ESA Website, provide support services to 
develop or maintain the ESA Website and/or its content, and discontinue the ESA Website and/or any of 
its content (including separate webpages for participating Brand Hotels) at any time if we conclude that 
doing so is in the best interests of the System or that System Services Fees would be better spent on other 
services (FA, Section 8.3). 
In association with the ESA Website, we (or our affiliate) also maintain a mobile application which 
facilitates the booking process for Brand Hotels (and, if implemented at our or our affiliate’s option, 
Network Hotels) (the “App”). We may include your Hotel on the App.  We can add functionalities to the 
APP including pre-stay, in-stay, and post-stay technical services such as early check-in, maintenance 
requests, and folio retrieval, to the App.   
