 
37 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Extended Stay America Premier Suites FDD (2025) 
Other than described here, there are no instructional materials or tasks that must be completed to our 
satisfaction. 
 
Diane Marques, Vice President of Training, oversees and directs all of our initial training in coordination 
with our franchise operations team. Ms. Marques has been with ESA Management since April 2023 and 
has over twenty-five years of experience in the hospitality industry. Ms. Marques oversees the team 
responsible for all the training functions at ESA Management. Our instructors assisting in the training will 
have at least one year of experience in the area they are teaching. The ESA Training Program also includes 
unlimited access to the ESA online leaning management system, “ESU Online”, which contains a learning 
library with optional Functional Path Training modules. ESU Online is currently provided at no cost to 
franchisees, but ESA may charge a reasonable fee for ESU Online instruction and course materials in the 
future.  
Other Required Training 
 
If your Hotel does not pass our Quality Assurance inspection, in addition to our other remedies, we can 
require that you complete remedial training.  (FA, Section 6.2).  The cost for this training is $4,000-$6,500 
and is due on demand but before the training.  Except as described above, no additional training or refresher 
courses are required. 
 
You must provide and facilitate human trafficking awareness training of your choosing to each of your 
hotel associates at least once per calendar year.  You must certify your compliance with this requirement 
each calendar year to us.   
 
 
ITEM 12 
TERRITORY 
 
You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets 
that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control. 
 
Franchise Agreement 
 
We grant you the right to use the System to provide extended stay and transient guest lodging services at 
the Hotel and the right to construct or convert and operate the Hotel as a Brand Hotel at an approved site. 
At the time we sign a Franchise Agreement with you we may also provide you with a Territory.  Whether 
we grant you a Territory and its size will generally depend upon your financial and operational capability 
to meet the extended stay demand within the market in which you will operate. If we grant you a Territory, 
and subject to the rights we reserve as discussed below, during the Term of your Franchise Agreement so 
long as you are not in default under your Franchise Agreement or any other agreement with us or any of 
our affiliates, we and our affiliates will not, and we will not grant a third party the right to, open to the 
public for business a Brand Hotel under the Brand that is physically located in the Territory.  This right 
applies only to the Brand.  The Brand does not include other marks we or our affiliates may own or license.  
For example, it does not prohibit us from opening, operating, managing or granting a third party the right 
to open, operate or manage hotels in the Territory that use a portion of the Brand either alone or with a 
modifier or other designation, such as EXTENDED STAY AMERICA SUITES or EXTENDED STAY 
AMERICA SELECT SUITES.   
 
Although there are no restrictions placed upon you from soliciting or accepting guests from consumers 
inside another franchisee’s territory you do not have the right to use the Internet or any other social media 
