 
42 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Extended Stay America Premier Suites FDD (2025) 
and only after you have secured their written agreement to abide by the same safeguards for confidentiality 
that we impose. “Confidential Information” means (i) the Standards, System, Network and Website, (ii) 
documents, proprietary information, or trade secrets approved for the System or used in site selection, 
design, construction, renovation or operation of the Hotel, (iii) any marketing, reservations, quality 
assurance, guest loyalty and satisfaction, training, technology or other systems or programs developed for 
the System; (iv) knowledge of specifications for and suppliers of Supplies,  and other products and supplies 
that are identified with Brand Hotels and/or other Network Hotels; (v) Data, Guest Data and other 
information contained in or relating to or arising from the Reservation Service; (vi) any other knowledge, 
trade secrets, business information or know-how obtained or generated through your  use of the System  or  
operation of the Hotel that we deem confidential or under any Other Agreements. 
Further, and subject to applicable laws, we own all Data and Guest Data. You will have the non-exclusive 
right to use Data and Guest Data if its use is lawful and in connection with operating the Hotel as a Brand 
Hotel. “Data” means all non-public information used or generated in the operation of your Hotel, including 
Operating Revenue, Gross Room Revenue, Guestroom occupancy rates, reservation data and other 
information required by us that we determine may be useful in connection with our marketing, reservations, 
guest loyalty and satisfaction and other functions, purposes or requirements. “Guest Data” means 
information collected from and about current and prospective Hotel guests, including: (i) their personally 
identifiable information (such as their name, birthdate mailing addresses, phone numbers, and email 
addresses); (ii) information about their consumer preferences, (iii) stay and aggregated information; and 
(iv) other similar or related information. 
 
ITEM 15 
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE  
ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE BUSINESS 
Either you or a Management Company must manage the Hotel, in either case subject to our approval. 
Franchisor will not unreasonably withhold its approval so long as the Management Company or Franchisee 
(as applicable) (i) meets Franchisor’s minimum qualifications, (ii) possesses the managerial skills or 
operational capacity required to operate the Hotel in accordance with the Standards and this Agreement, 
(iii) provides  Franchisor will all information and access that Franchisor reasonably requests, (iv) ensures 
that its personnel attend and satisfactorily complete required brand standard training programs, and (v) is 
neither a Competitor nor a Sanctioned Person. You are responsible for complying with the Franchise 
Agreement, even if you retain a Management Company. We can withdraw our approval of the Management 
Company at any time.  We may require you to hire a Management Company if you, in our view, do not 
have sufficient experience managing hotels or if you fail to manage the Hotel to professional standards, 
including our Standards.  If we approve a Management Company, as a condition of that approval, the 
Management Company must sign the documents we require to protect our intellectual property rights and 
reflects its agreement to perform its management responsibilities and operate the Hotel in compliance with 
the Franchise Agreement. Our current form of Management Company Acknowledgement is attached as 
Exhibit G to the Franchise Agreement. You, or your Management Company, must also retain a General 
Manager to manage the daily operations of your Hotel.  
Your General Manager must attend and successfully complete our General Manager Certification program 
and any other particular training course that we may have for managers.   
We do not require your manager or General Manager to maintain an equity interest in you, unless we believe 
it to be necessary to do so. 
