6 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ESA Premier Suites (2025) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Franchise Agreement 2025 Template) 
 
 
Franchisee uses an information technology vendor that Franchisor has not approved to provide information 
technology services at the Hotel, Franchisee shall pay Franchisor’s then-current Information Technology 
Certification Fee plus reimburse Franchisor for any third party expenses to approve the vendor.  The fee is 
payable before Franchisor begins the review process.  For the avoidance of any doubt, Franchisor has no 
obligation to approve such a vendor and will not approve an information technology vendor that does not 
meet its Standards.  In such event, Franchisee must retain a new vendor for approval by Franchisor and pay 
Franchisor’s Technology Certification Fee and any third-party expenses for the review of such new vendor.    
4.4 
Opening the Hotel. 
4.4.1 
Franchisee must open and begin operating the Hotel as a Brand Hotel, under the 
Marks, by the date specified in Item 15 on Exhibit A (the “Opening Deadline”). Franchisee may not begin 
operating the Hotel under the Marks without Franchisor’s written authorization, which Franchisor may 
condition on Franchisee’s, its architect, or its general contractors certification that the Hotel is in compliance 
with the Plans and Designs, System, Standards, and Laws and Franchisor’s approval of such certification in 
its sole discretion. Franchisor will conduct a final inspection of the Hotel, at Franchisee’s cost and expense, 
within thirty (30) calendar days after Franchisee gives Franchisor written notice that the Hotel is ready to 
open for business (the “Pre-Opening Inspection”). Franchisor’s determination that Franchisee has met all 
of Franchisor’s pre-opening requirements will not constitute a representation or warranty, express or implied, 
that the Hotel complies with any Law or a waiver of Franchisee’s non-compliance or Franchisor’s right to 
demand full compliance with such pre-opening requirements or any other provision of this Agreement. 
Franchisee may not open the Hotel until Franchisee receives Franchisor’s written authorization that 
Franchisee can open the Hotel. If Franchisee fails Pre-Opening Inspection, Franchisor may, in its sole 
business judgement, charge Franchisee Franchisor’s costs and fees associated with any necessary additional 
visits before Franchisor’s written authorization that Franchisee can open the Hotel is granted. 
4.4.2 
Franchisor is entitled to withhold its written authorization to open the Hotel until: 
4.4.2.1 Franchisee’s architect, general contractor, or other certified professional 
provides Franchisor with a certificate stating that the as-built Hotel complies with all Laws applicable to 
the operation or the Hotel and specifically relating to accessibility and accommodations and facilities for 
those with disabilities. 
4.4.2.2 Franchisee has complied with all of the terms and conditions in this 
Agreement required as of the date of notice of written authorization from the Franchisor; and 
4.4.2.3 Franchisee has received written authorization to open the Hotel from all 
relevant government authorities for the jurisdiction in which the Hotel is located and has paid all fees 
required by Law to such governmental authorities. 
4.4.3 
Opening the Hotel before receiving Franchisor’s written authorization to open the 
Hotel constitutes a material breach of this Agreement.  
4.4.3.1 Franchisee will pay to the Franchisor liquidated damages in the amount 
of Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000) per day if Franchisee opens the Hotel before receiving Franchisor’s 
written authorization to open the Hotel to compensate Franchisor for the damage caused by such breach. 
Franchisee must also reimburse Franchisor for all costs and expenses including legal fees incurred in 
enforcing Franchisor’s rights under this Agreement. 
