 
8 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2025 ESAP Development Agreement 
default within thirty (30) days after Franchisor delivers written notice of default to 
Franchisee. 
7.3 
Reduction or Elimination of Franchisee Rights.  In lieu of termination, Franchisor may 
reduce or eliminate all or only certain of Franchisee’s rights under this Agreement (including, 
but not limited to, reducing the size of the Development Territory, the number of Brand Hotels 
to be developed under the Development Schedule, or Franchisee’s exclusivity). 
7.4 
Damages.  In addition to Franchisor’s other remedies, if Franchisor terminates this Agreement 
as a result of Franchisee’s default, Franchisee must pay Franchisor all of its associated costs 
and expenses, including attorneys’ fees. 
7.5 
No Cross-Default.  A default under this Agreement does not constitute a default under any 
Franchise Agreement.   
8. 
OBLIGATIONS ON TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION 
8.1 
No Further Right to Develop.  Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, Franchisee 
shall have no further right to develop or open Hotels in the Development Territory, except that 
Franchisee shall be entitled to complete and open a Hotel for which a Franchise Agreement has 
been fully executed.  Termination or expiration of this Agreement shall not affect Franchisee’s 
right to continue to operate Hotels that were open and operating under a valid Franchise 
Agreement as of the date this Agreement terminated or expired. 
8.2 
Termination of Exclusive Rights.  Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, the 
limited exclusive rights granted Franchisee in the Development Territory shall terminate and 
Franchisor shall have the right to operate or license others to operate System or Network Hotels 
in the Development Territory. 
8.3 
Return all Materials.  Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, Franchisee promptly 
shall return to Franchisor all materials and information furnished by Franchisor or its affiliates, 
except materials and information furnished with respect to a Hotel for which there is an 
effective Franchise Agreement or a Hotel which is open and operating pursuant to an effective 
Franchise Agreement. 
8.4 
Pay all Fees.  Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, Franchisee immediately shall 
pay Franchisor and its affiliates all sums due and owing Franchisor or its affiliates pursuant to 
this Agreement. 
8.5 
Retain Development Fee.  Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, Franchisor shall 
retain the Development Fee. 
8.6 
Evidence of Compliance.  Franchisee shall furnish Franchisor, within 30 days after the 
effective date of termination or expiration, evidence (certified to be true, complete, accurate 
and correct by the chief executive officer of Franchisee, if Franchisee is a corporation; by a 
manager of Franchisee, if Franchisee is a limited liability company; or by a general partner of 
Franchisee, if Franchisee is a partnership; or by a person authorized in Franchisee’s 
organizational documents, if Franchisee is any other type of business entity) satisfactory to 
Franchisor of Franchisee’s compliance with Sections 8.1 through 8.6. 
