 
9 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2025 ESAP Development Agreement 
8.7 
Franchisee Restrictions.  Franchisee shall not, except with respect to a Hotel  franchised by 
Franchisor or its affiliates  to Franchisee that is then open and operating pursuant to an effective 
Franchise Agreement, (1) operate or do business under any name or in any manner that might 
tend to give the public the impression that Franchisee is connected in any way with Franchisor 
or its affiliates or has any right to use the Extended Stay America Suites System or the Marks; 
and/ or (2) make, use or avail itself of any of the materials or information furnished or disclosed 
by Franchisor or its affiliates under this Agreement or disclose or reveal any such materials or 
information or any portion thereof to anyone else. 
9. 
TRANSFERS 
9.1 
Transfer by ESA.  Franchisor shall have an absolute and unrestricted right to transfer this 
Agreement or any part of Franchisor’s rights, duties or obligations under this Agreement, to 
any Person, which shall include any Business Entity that expressly assumes Franchisor’s 
obligations.  Such a Transfer will constitute a release and novation and Franchisor will not have 
any further obligations under this Agreement. 
9.2 
By Franchisee.  Franchisee may not transfer this Agreement except with Franchisor’s prior 
written consent given or withheld in Franchisor’s sole discretion.  As a condition to 
Franchisor’s consent, Franchisor may require that Franchisee make the proposed Transfer 
simultaneously with a transfer of all its comparable interests under the Franchise Agreements 
executed pursuant to this Agreement, including satisfaction of any transfer requirements in 
those Franchise Agreements. 
9.3 
Conditions for Transfer. 
9.3.1 
Franchisee shall advise Franchisor in writing of any requested Transfer, submit (or 
cause the proposed transferee to submit) a franchise application for the proposed 
transferee, and submit a copy of all contracts and all other agreements or proposals, 
and all other information requested by Franchisor, relating to the proposed Transfer.  
The decision as to whether or not to consent to a requested Transfer shall be made by 
Franchisor in its sole discretion and shall include numerous factors deemed relevant 
by Franchisor.   
9.3.2 
The transferor shall pay Franchisor a nonrefundable Transfer fee in the amount of the 
Franchisor’s then-current Initial Franchise Fee in connection with Franchisor’s review 
of the Transfer application. 
9.3.3 
Franchisee, all individuals who executed this Agreement, and all guarantors of 
Franchisee’s obligations must execute a general release and a covenant not to sue, in 
a form satisfactory to Franchisor, of any and all Claims against Franchisor and its 
affiliates and their respective past and present officers, directors, shareholders, agents 
and employees, in their corporate and individual capacities, including, without 
limitation, Claims arising under federal, state and local laws, rules and ordinances, 
and Claims arising out of, or relating to, this Agreement and any other agreements 
between Franchisee and Franchisor or its affiliates and all other Hotels operated by 
Franchisee that are franchised by Franchisor or its affiliates. 
9.3.4 
Franchisee and the proposed transferee shall execute, at Franchisor’s election, an 
assignment agreement and any amendments to this Agreement required by Franchisor 
to reflect the Transfer or, in Franchisor’s sole discretion, Franchisor’s then-current 
