9 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ESA Premier Suites (2025) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Franchise Agreement 2025 Template) 
 
 
approved in writing. The approval by Franchisor of any such lease, management agreement or other similar 
arrangement for operation of the Hotel or any part thereof shall in no way relieve, reduce, mitigate or waive 
any of the responsibilities of Franchisee under this Agreement, it being understood that all such 
responsibilities shall at all times remain the obligation of Franchisee. Franchisee must provide Franchisor 
with all information requested by Franchisor from time to time regarding ownership, control and 
management of the Hotel and of Franchisee. 
5.1.2 
If the Manager is a Management Company, Franchisee must promptly notify 
Franchisor if: (a) there is a Change of Control of the Management Company; (b) the Management Company 
becomes a Competitor (or an Affiliate of a Competitor) or a Sanctioned Person (or an Affiliate of a 
Sanctioned Person); (c) the Management Company becomes the principal management company for a 
Competitor; or (d) there is a material adverse change to the financial condition or operational capacity of 
the Management Company. Franchisee must provide Franchisor with additional information that Franchisor 
requires regarding any of the above circumstances. Franchisor may in Franchisor’s sole discretion require 
Franchisee to retain a replacement Management Company upon the occurrence of any of the above 
circumstances. Franchisee will ensure that its contract with its Management Company provides that 
Franchisee may terminate the contract under any of these circumstances.  
5.1.3 
The Manager must employ a full-time, qualified, competent general manager who 
has completed the required training set forth in Section 6.2. The Manager may employ a multi-unit general 
manager to supervise multiple Hotels, upon requesting and receiving Franchisor’s prior written consent in 
Franchisor’s sole discretion. The Hotel’s general manager must successfully complete the training required 
by Franchisor before the Opening Date if the Hotel is newly constructed or within 60 days of the Opening 
Date if the Hotel is a converted Brand Hotel, or within 60 days of hire for a new or replacement general 
manager.  If the Hotel’s general manager fails to ensure that the Hotel satisfies Franchisor’s quality 
assurance requirements or other brand standards, then without limiting Franchisor's other rights and 
remedies under this Agreement and applicable law, Franchisor may require Franchisee or the Management 
Company (as applicable) to appoint a new general manager for the Hotel within the time period specified 
by Franchisor. 
5.2 
Operating the Hotel.  From the Opening Date forward, Franchisee must cause the Hotel 
to be operated twenty-four (24) hours a day, seven (7) days a week, in compliance with this Agreement and 
the Standards. Franchisee will operate the Hotel so as to maximize Gross Rooms Revenue of the Hotel 
consistent with sound marketing and industry practice and will not engage in any conduct that reduces 
Gross Rooms Revenue of the Hotel in order to further other business activities. Throughout the entire Term, 
Franchisee will at its sole cost and expense maintain a high moral and ethical standard and atmosphere at 
the Hotel, maintain the Hotel in a clean, safe and orderly manner and in first class condition, provide 
efficient, courteous and high-quality service to the public, ensure that no part of the Hotel or the System is 
used to promote, and Franchisee itself does not further or promote a competing business or other lodging 
facility, except as Franchisor may approve for businesses or lodging facilities owned, licensed, operated or 
otherwise approved by Franchisor or its Affiliates, use every reasonable means to encourage use of System 
and/or Network facilities everywhere by the public; and in all respects use Franchisee's best efforts to reflect 
credit upon and create favorable public response to the Brand. Franchisee will not use the Hotel or the Site 
for any other purpose or activity without Franchisor’s consent in Franchisor’s sole discretion. Without 
limiting the foregoing, Franchisee will not, without Franchisor’s prior approval in Franchisor’s sole 
discretion: (i) knowingly permit gambling to take place at the Hotel or use the Hotel for any casino, lottery, 
or other type of gaming activities, or directly or indirectly associate with any gaming activity; (ii) knowingly 
permit adult entertainment activities at the Hotel; or (iii) sell, display or use in the Hotel any vending 
machines, honor bars, video or other entertainment devices or similar products. 
