32 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ESA Premier Suites (2025) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Franchise Agreement 2025 Template) 
 
 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW, INTERIM RELIEF, COSTS OF ENFORCEMENT, WAIVERS 
19.1 
Governing Law. This Agreement, and all issues arising from or relating to this Agreement, 
shall be interpreted and construed under the laws of North Carolina and under any applicable federal Laws, 
regardless of any conflict-of-laws principles. If any provision of this Agreement would be unenforceable 
under North Carolina law at the time a Claim is initiated, and the Hotel is located outside of North Carolina, 
then that provision shall be interpreted and construed under the laws of the state in which the Hotel is 
located. By this choice of law, the Parties do not intend to subject this Agreement to any franchise or similar 
law, rule, or regulation to which this Agreement would not otherwise be subject. 
19.2 
Arbitration. Except as otherwise specified in this Agreement and for Claims for 
indemnification under Section 17, any controversy or Claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or 
any Other Agreements, or the breach of this Agreement or any Other Agreements, including any Claim that 
this Agreement or any part of this Agreement or any related agreements is invalid, illegal, or otherwise 
voidable or void, as well as any Claim that Franchisor violated any laws in connection with the execution 
or enforcement of this Agreement or any Other Agreements and any Claim for declaratory relief, will be 
sent to final and binding arbitration in the state of North Carolina before either the American Arbitration 
Association, J.A.M.S., or National Arbitration Forum in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules 
of the American Arbitration Association, including its rules for emergency measures of protection, except 
to the extent that the Commercial Rules of the American Arbitration Association may be interpreted to 
require Franchisee or Franchisor to produce documents, witnesses, or information at a time other than at a 
hearing on the Claim without our mutual consent. 
19.2.1  The parties agree that the Federal Arbitration Act applies to the interpretation and 
enforcement of this Section 19 and the arbitrator and not any federal, state, or local court or agency, shall 
have exclusive authority to resolve any Disputes relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability, 
or formation of this agreement to arbitrate. The arbitrator shall also be responsible for determining all 
threshold arbitrability issues relating to whether the terms are unconscionable or illusory and any defense 
to arbitration, including waiver, delays, laches or estoppel. In the event more than one demand for 
arbitration is filed in connection with this Agreement or any related agreements, the demand filed with the 
American Arbitration Association, J.A.M.S., or National Arbitration Forum office having jurisdiction over 
North Carolina proceedings shall take precedence, and any other demand shall be withdrawn and presented 
in the North Carolina filing. 
19.2.2 The arbitrator will apply the substantive laws of North Carolina without reference 
to its conflict of laws provision. In the event the arbitrator determines that any contractual limitations period 
provided for in this Agreement is not applicable or enforceable, then Franchisee agrees to be bound by the 
provision of any statute of limitations which would otherwise be applicable to the controversy, dispute or 
claim which is the subject of any arbitration proceeding initiated under this Section 19.2. The decision of 
the arbitrator will be final and binding on the parties and will be enforceable in any courts having 
jurisdiction. The arbitrator will have no authority to amend or modify the terms of this Agreement. The 
arbitrator will have the right to award or include in its award any relief it deems proper, including money 
damages and interest on unpaid amounts, specific performance and legal fees and costs in accordance with 
this Agreement; however, the arbitrator may not award punitive, consequential or exemplary damages in 
violation of Section 19.4 or those related to misuse of Franchisor’s Marks and/or intellectual property. The 
costs and expenses of arbitration will be allocated and paid by the parties as determined by the arbitrator. 
19.2.3 Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. 
If any party fails to appear at any properly noticed arbitration proceeding, an award may be entered against 
