 
25 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Extended Stay America Premier Suites FDD (2025) 
ITEM 8 
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
You must operate the Hotel in compliance with our Standards and all of our other policies, procedures and 
requirements that we communicate to you. We will make our Standards available to you in digital, 
electronic or other computerized form or, at our option, in hard paper copy.  
Approved Supplies/Suppliers 
In order to ensure that items used at Brand Hotels are uniform and of similar quality, and to maintain the 
identity, integrity and reputation of the System, you must use only Supplies that comply with our Standards. 
In this context, “Supplies” include all furnishings, fixtures, equipment, signage, branded items, Hotel 
photography, linens, operating supplies, computer and telecommunications equipment, including network 
and telecommunications infrastructure equipment, software, flooring, wall covering, lighting, food and 
beverages, insurance and other items or services used in the construction, renovation, maintenance, 
operation and advertising of the Hotel.  Supplies would also include your property management, 
reservation, revenue management, payment processing, telephone, entertainment, and high-speed internet 
systems, and other technology systems and services.  All of your marketing materials must be approved by 
us and your lease must contain certain provisions that we require.  
We may designate suppliers, including us (and we may be the only designated supplier for certain items), 
for certain Supplies. Unless the Standards explicitly say otherwise, however, you may procure Supplies 
from any source that is not disapproved by us, so long as the Supplies comply with the Standards. We may 
require suppliers to sign designated supplier agreements with us.  Our designation of a supplier is not a 
warranty of the supplier’s financial condition or performance. We may refuse to permit purchases from 
suppliers whose Supplies fail to meet the Standards. 
If we designate a supplier in the future from whom you must procure Supplies, we expect to provide the 
criteria upon which we designate the supplier, your ability to purchase from alternative suppliers, and any 
procedures (including, required fees, timing, and the revocation of approval) for the purchase from 
alternative suppliers. None of our officers owns an interest in any approved supplier of the System. 
You must carry workers’ compensation insurance that meets state requirements. You must carry employer’s 
liability insurance of $5,000,000 per occurrence and $1,000,000 per accident, per disease, and per 
employee. You must carry general liability insurance of at least $10,000,000 per occurrence. You must 
carry auto liability insurance of at least $10,000,000 per occurrence.  You must carry property insurance at 
a minimum to cover the full replacement cost of the Hotel or limits sufficient to avoid co-insurance. Your 
business interruption coverage must cover at least 12 months of lost profits including fees payable to us.  
Your earthquake and flood coverage must cover not less than 75% of the replacement cost of your Hotel if 
your Hotel is in an earthquake or flood hazard area. You must carry boiler and machinery insurance to cover 
full replacement of damaged items plus lost profits and fees payable to us. You must maintain terrorism 
coverage at a minimum of full replacement cost of the Hotel plus recovery of lost profits and continuing 
expenses.  You must carry crime coverage at a minimum commensurate with risk associated with your 
Hotel. You must carry cyber liability insurance of at least $3,000,000 per occurrence in the aggregate.  You 
must carry employment practices liability insurance of at least $1,000,000 per occurrence.  All insurance 
must be issued by insurers with an A.M. Best Rating of A- or better, a financial size category of VII or 
better, and who are licensed in the state in which the Hotel is located. 
The architect you use for the design of your Hotel must be approved by us prior to use.   
We have only one approved supplier of the property management system and revenue management 
