 
15 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2025 ESAP Development Agreement 
13.2 
Severability.   The language of all provisions of this Agreement shall be construed according 
to its fair meaning, but in no event shall it be presumed that such language is to be construed 
against the drafter. If any provision of this Agreement shall be determined to be void, illegal, 
or unenforceable under applicable Law, all other provisions of this Agreement will continue in 
full force and effect. However, if in Franchisor’s judgment the invalidity or ineffectiveness of 
such provision or part substantially impairs the value of this Agreement to Franchisor, then 
Franchisor may at any time terminate this Agreement by written notice to Franchisee without 
penalty or compensation. Franchisee agrees to be bound by any promise or covenant imposing 
the maximum duty permitted by law which is subsumed within the terms of any provision 
hereof, as though it were separately articulated in and made a part of this Agreement, that may 
result from striking from any of the provisions hereof any portion or portions which a court 
may hold to be unreasonable and unenforceable in a final decision to which Franchisee is a 
party, or from reducing the scope of any promise or covenant to the extent required to comply 
with such a court order. 
13.3 
Interpretation.  Section headings are for convenience and are not to be used to interpret the 
Sections to which they refer.  All Exhibits and Schedules to this Agreement are incorporated 
by reference.  Words indicating the singular include the plural and vice versa as the context 
may require.  References to days, months and years are all calendar references.  Franchisor and 
Franchisee intend that this Agreement excludes all implied terms to the maximum extent 
permitted by applicable Law. References that a Person “will” do something mean the Person 
has an obligation to do such thing. References that a Person “may” do something mean a Person 
has the right, but not the obligation, to do so. References that a Person “may not” or “will not” 
do something mean the Person is prohibited from doing so. Examples used in this Agreement 
and references to “includes” and “including” are illustrative and not exhaustive. Except as 
otherwise provided in this Agreement, any approval or consent required under this Agreement 
will not be effective unless it is in writing and signed by the duly authorized officer or agent of 
the party giving such approval or consent. Franchisor will not be liable for: (i) providing or 
withholding any approval or consent; (ii) providing any suggestion to Franchisee; (iii) any 
delay; or (iv) denial of any request. In no event may Franchisee make any Claim for money 
damages based on any claim or assertion that Franchisor has unreasonably withheld, delayed 
and/or denied any consent or approval under this Agreement. Franchisee waives any such 
Claim for damages. Franchisee may not claim any such damages by way of setoff, counterclaim 
or defense. 
13.4 
No Third-Party Beneficiary.  Except for the Indemnitees, there are no third-party 
beneficiaries to this Agreement. 
13.5 
Waiver.   All modifications, waivers, approvals and consents of or under this Agreement by 
Franchisor must be in writing and signed by Franchisor’s authorized representative to be 
effective. Franchisor will not be deemed to have waived any right reserved by this Agreement 
by virtue of any custom or practice of the Parties at variance with said reserved right; any 
failure, refusal, or neglect by Franchisor to exercise any right under this Agreement, or to insist 
upon exact compliance by Franchisee with its obligations hereunder; any waiver, forbearance, 
delay, failure, or omission by Franchisor to exercise any right, whether of the same, similar, or 
different nature, with respect to Franchisee; or the acceptance by Franchisor of any payments 
due from Franchisee after any breach of this Agreement. The failure or delay of Franchisor to 
insist on strict performance of any of the terms of this Agreement, or to exercise any right or 
remedy, will not be a waiver of future performance of that provision beyond the waiver and/or 
any other provision of this Agreement. If Franchisee fails to notify Franchisor in writing of an 
alleged misrepresentation, violation of law, deficiency, or breach of this Agreement within one 
