19 
© 2025 ESA 
 
ESA Hotel Technology Agreement (2025) 
 
and will not make any commitment or do any act in conflict with this Hotel Subscription Agreement.  Canary shall 
comply with all applicable laws, codes, regulations, ordinances and rules with respect to the Services to be furnished 
hereunder promulgated by any and all national, federal, state, municipal or other legislative bodies, courts or agencies 
having jurisdiction over the business of Canary, or over services of the nature of the Services provided hereunder.   
d. 
Hotel may, from time to time, establish rules and regulations relating to standards to be met by 
service providers, including privacy standards and policies and standards as to the conduct of employees or agents of 
service providers employed in connection with providing services such as the Services to Hotel.  In any event, Canary 
and any and all of its subcontractors, agents, servants, licensees, invitees or employees (“Canary Parties”) shall conduct 
themselves at all times while providing Services to Hotel in a manner consistent with the character and reputation of 
Hotel and in such a way as not to annoy or interfere with any employees, guests, patrons or business of Hotel or bring 
any discredit upon the names of any of the Indemnitees, as defined below.  Canary shall be responsible at all times for 
the conduct of the Canary Parties.  Canary, promptly after demand by Hotel, will cause to be removed from the 
provision of Services to Hotel any of such persons to whom Hotel shall or may reasonably object and will undertake 
that any such person so removed shall not thereafter be utilized by Canary in connection with provision of Services to 
Hotel hereunder.    
e. 
All payments for fees received hereunder by Canary, if any, shall be reported by Canary on its 
national, federal and state tax returns as consideration for Canary's Services hereunder as an independent contractor.  
Each party acknowledges and agrees that it is solely responsible and liable for the filing of all tax returns and the 
payment of all taxes, contributions, and other payments relating to its business.  Hotel will not deduct, withhold or pay 
(unless legally required to do so), and Canary shall be solely responsible for, U.S. FICA, FUTA, Medicare or national, 
federal, state or local income, employment, or wage taxes, workers' compensation insurance premiums, state disability 
insurance, unemployment benefit insurance, or any other payments that are ordinarily submitted or withheld by an 
employer on behalf of an employee (including without limitation any penalties or fines which may be assessed at any 
time).  Hotel shall report payments to Canary hereunder to the IRS as payments to an independent contractor and 
Canary shall be solely responsible for all reporting and record keeping requirements applicable to independent 
contractors.   
f. 
Canary acknowledges that Canary is not eligible for and has not received any express or implied 
assurance with respect to receipt of any bonus, contingent, incentive, deferred or other compensation (except as 
otherwise set forth herein), and that the parties may agree to reduce fees payable hereunder if mutually agreed upon 
in a Service Schedule.  Unless otherwise specified in a Service Schedule, Canary shall be solely responsible for out-of-
pocket expenses incurred in connection with its Services hereunder, including travel expenses, food, and lodging.  
Canary will be solely responsible and liable for all other costs of conducting and operating its business and providing its 
Services hereunder, including expenses directly related to services provided to Hotel. 
g. 
 
EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES PROVIDED IN THIS SECTION 3, CANARY 
EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. 
 
4. 
INDEMNIFICATION; LIMITATION ON LIABILITY: 
 
a. 
Canary hereby agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Hotel and its owners, partners, 
subsidiaries, affiliates, franchisors, managers, and each of such persons’ or entities’ officers, directors, agents, 
contractors, subcontractors, guests, residents, visitors, licensees, invitees, permitees and employees (collectively 
referred to as the "Indemnitees"), and each of them, against and from any and all third party, including any allegations, 
demands or claims and all resulting liabilities, damages, fines, penalties or costs of whatsoever nature (including 
reasonable attorney's fees) and whether by reason of death of or injury to any person or loss of or damage to any 
property or otherwise (“Claims”) to the extent arising from infringement by the Service (as provided or made available 
by Canary) of the intellectual property rights of such third party or the violation of applicable rules, laws, regulations 
and other legal requirements by Canary’s provision of the Service. 
 
b. 
In the event that any Claim is made against a party, the non-indemnifying party, with reasonable 
promptness must, by written notice to the indemnifying party, allow the indemnifying party, at the indemnifying party’s 
expense, to take over the sole control of the defense of any such Claim and employ counsel for such purpose.  The non-
indemnifying party shall provide reasonable cooperation and assistance with thereto as requested by the indemnifying 
party.   
