 
26 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Extended Stay America Premier Suites FDD (2025) 
software you will use at your Hotel and only one approved supplier for your centralized reservation system.  
We also only have one approved supplier for the credit card terminals, credit card payment processing 
services, digital credit card authorizations, and inbound and outbound call routing.   
If you elect to use an information technology vendor that we have not approved to provide services at the 
Hotel, you must pay us an Information Technology Certification Fee plus reimburse us for any third party 
expenses to approve the vendor.  
Purchases from Us or Our Affiliates 
Except as described below, there are currently no Supplies that we require you to purchase from us or our 
affiliates. We expect to earn a profit on any Supplies or other items that you purchase from us or our 
affiliates.   
 
In 2024, our affiliate, ESA Management, received $2,510,895 in revenue related to the provision of 
management services to a limited number of our franchisee-owned EXTENDED STAY AMERICA 
SUITES hotels.  System suppliers attending our annual franchisee conference make contributions to us 
(which do not derive from franchisee purchases) that we use to defray your and other franchisees’ costs of 
attending these functions. Last year we received $80,000.00 in contributions from our suppliers to support 
our 2024 Franchise Owner’s Conference. Otherwise, neither we nor our affiliates had any revenues from 
any goods, services or Supplies that we or our affiliates sold to EXTENDED STAY AMERICA PREMIER 
SUITES franchisees in 2024, except for revenue on sales of items where we acted as a pass-through and 
passed the payment from the franchisee to the supplier.  
 
You may have the option to take advantage of favorable pricing and terms that we negotiate with suppliers 
for certain Supplies and you may also be required to participate in certain affiliation or marketing programs. 
We and our affiliates may derive discounts, rebates, commissions, promotional allowances and other 
benefits from these purchases, as well as from third parties with whom we negotiate affiliation or marketing 
programs. 
There 
are 
currently 
no 
purchasing 
or 
distribution 
cooperatives.  
 
We estimate that the proportion of the purchases and leases that you will make in accordance with our 
standards and specifications (including from approved suppliers), compared to all purchases and leases that 
you will make, is 80%-90% in connection with establishing the Hotel, and 65%-75% in connection with 
operating the Hotel. 
 
You must use us to act as a project manager for the delivery and installation by third party vendors of 
reservation and property management systems the Hotel will use in its operations.  You must also use us to 
review and certify your information technology infrastructure.  We are the sole supplier for these services 
and we do not intend to approve any other suppliers for these services. 
 
Alternative Supplies/Suppliers 
If you wish to use any Supplies or an alternative supplier that we have not approved, then you must present 
the Supplies to us for our approval and provide us any information we request. We will make our approval 
criteria available to you upon request to us. We will approve or reject the item or alternative supplier within 
60 days from the date that you seek approval from us in writing, or such other reasonable time period if 
review cannot be completed in 60 days. We will not charge you any fee for reviewing these items except 
for our out of pocket expenses for such review, which will vary by item and supplier submitted for approval. 
If after our approval we learn that the product, Supplies, or equipment, will adversely affect the health, 
welfare, and/or safety of our patrons or employees in the Hotel or otherwise adversely affects our reputation, 
we may revoke such approval.  We will notify you of any revocations. If we have a sole supplier for a 
