 
34 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Extended Stay America Premier Suites FDD (2025) 
Advertising 
We have no obligation to spend any amount on advertising in any Territory we may grant you. 
 
Local Advertising 
You must participate in and use, in the manner that we specify, Marketing Materials that we may 
periodically require for the Hotel. All advertising (including our requirements as to the use, display, style 
and type of Marketing Materials) must be conducted in compliance with the Standards and applicable laws. 
In this context, “Marketing Materials” means all advertising, marketing, promotional, sales and public 
relations campaigns, press releases, materials, campaigns, plans, programs, brochures, and other 
information to be released or made accessible to the public, in any other form of media (FA, Sections 5.11, 
8.2).  
Subject to our requirements and at your expense, you may conduct local and regional marketing, advertising 
and promotional programs for the Hotel. If you would like to create Marketing Materials, you must submit 
to us (in hard copy by mail, or by digital, electronic or other computerized form), for our prior approval, 
samples of all Marketing Materials that you wish to use that reference any of the Marks, including any 
materials and uses of the Marks in digital, electronic, computerized, or other form. If you do not receive 
our express written approval within 10 business days after we receive the proposed Marketing Materials, 
the Marketing Materials will be deemed to be disapproved (FA, Sections 5.11, 8.2). All Marketing Materials 
are subject to the Standards. 
 
System Services Fees 
You must pay us a System Services Fee of 4.5% of Gross Room Revenue. Other franchisees may contribute 
different amounts depending on when they came into the System. We use different types of digital and 
email marketing to promote the Brand and System.  These digital and email marketing efforts are performed 
by us and funded through the System Services Fee.  Because marketing the Brand and System in a 
consistent manner across digital and email platforms is essential, we currently do not allow franchisees to 
engage in any digital or email marketing of any kind.  We may engage in any marketing efforts we see fit, 
including joint marketing efforts with hotels operated by us or others under different brands and hotels 
operating under the EXTENDED STAY AMERICA SUITES brand or the EXTENDED STAY AMERICA 
SELECT SUITES brand. We pool System Services Fee contributions from EXTENDED STAY AMERICA 
PREMIER SUITES hotels together with the System Services Fee contributions from hotels operating under 
one or more of our current and/or future EXTENDED STAY AMERICA Network brands (see Item 1). 
System Services Fees are not intended to benefit any specific market or hotel and we have no obligation to 
ensure that you, your hotel, the EXTENDED STAY AMERICA PREMIER SUITES brand or any other 
particular Network brand benefits directly or proportionately from System Services Fees paid or 
expenditures made from amounts collected.  
During our fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, we used  $5,326,228 of the System Services Fees we 
collected to market the Brand and the System.  This amount was the equivalent of 2.4% of the total 
Franchisee Gross Room Revenue for 2024. Of this amount it was used as follows: 72% on digital marketing 
and internet advertising; 17% on administrative fees; and 11% on other marketing tools, including search 
engine optimization. We may use national and/or regional advertising agencies to conduct any of our 
advertising and marketing initiatives. While we do not do so at the present time, we reserve the right to 
place advertising through an in-house advertising department (FA, Section 8.1).   
We are not required to spend in the year received any monies that we require you to pay to us for the 
creation and/or placement of advertising through the System Services Fee. We may use those funds in the 
