 
38 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Extended Stay America Premier Suites FDD (2025) 
platform to advertise or market your Hotel without our consent.  But you can use other channels of 
distribution like catalog sales, telemarketing or other direct marketing. 
 
Development Agreement 
 
If we enter into a Development Agreement with you, we will grant you a Development Territory.  The 
size of your Development Territory will be based upon your financial and operational capability as well 
as the demand within the market area you are considering.  We will also negotiate with you the number 
of Hotels to be opened and operating in the Development Territory.  We will base this number on what 
we deem to be the extended stay demand in the market area.  Subject to the rights we reserve as discussed 
below, during the Term of the Development Agreement, neither we nor any of our affiliates will open and 
operate, nor will we allow any other party to open and operate, any Brand Hotel under the Brand that is 
physically located in your Development Territory until the last date specified in the Development 
Agreement, so long as you continue to meet the development milestones  in the Development Agreement. 
This right applies only to the Brand.  The Brand does not include other marks we or our affiliates may own 
or license.  For example, it does not prohibit us from opening, operating, managing or granting a third party 
the right to open, operate or manage hotels in the Development Territory that use a portion of the Brand 
either alone or with a modifier, such as EXTENDED STAY AMERICA SUITES or EXTENDED STAY 
AMERICA SELECT SUITES.   
Relocation of Hotel 
You do not have the right to relocate the Site. 
Establishment of Additional Outlets 
The Franchise Agreement grants you a non-exclusive right to establish one Brand Hotel. If you enter into 
a Development Agreement with us, we will offer you the right to operate multiple Brand Hotels. You do 
not receive any option, first refusal right or similar right under the Franchise Agreement or Development 
Agreement to establish additional Brand Hotels. 
Reserved Rights  
Notwithstanding the grant of a Territory or a Development Territory to you, we and our affiliates may own, 
lease, manage, operate, franchise, license, or otherwise allow any person to operate (i) Brand Hotels outside 
the Territory; (ii) Network Hotels that operate under different brands,  at any location inside or outside the 
Territory; and/or (iii) non-Network Hotels that we or our affiliates may operate, at any location inside or 
outside the Territory. Additionally, we and our affiliates may own, acquire, lease, construct or renovate a 
Brand Hotel inside the Territory and may also franchise, license or otherwise permit third parties to do the 
same.  However, during the Term, we will not, and will not authorize any other party to, open to the public 
for business any Brand Hotel within the Territory. Notwithstanding the grant of a Territory or a 
Development Territory to you, we and our affiliates may market and advertise for Brand Hotels or Network 
Hotels inside or outside the Territory or Development Territory.  In addition, we and our affiliates reserve 
the right (a) to acquire or be acquired by (whether through purchase, sale, merger, consolidation, or other 
transaction) another chain, franchise system, group or portfolio of hotels, and/or (b) to operate or manage 
another chain, franchise system, group or portfolio of hotels. 
In addition, and notwithstanding the grant of a Territory or a Development Territory to you, there may be  
Brand Hotels operating in your Territory as of the effective date of your Franchise Agreement or 
Development Agreement that will continue operating in the Territory or Development Territory and that 
we may renew, relicense, allow to expand, or replace. Additionally, we and our affiliates may remove from 
