 
31 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Extended Stay America Premier Suites FDD (2025) 
2. At our election, will make consultation and advice services available to you about the operation of the 
Hotel as a Brand Hotel. (FA, Section 6.3).  However, you are responsible for hiring, terminating, 
supervising and training your employees (FA, Section 5.3). 
3. May physically and/or electronically enter and inspect the Hotel and operations, books, records, 
accounts, systems, real or personal property related thereto at any time and from time to time, without 
notice to you, to determine whether you and the Hotel are complying with the Standards and your 
Franchise Agreement (FA, Section 6.4; HTA, Sections 1 and 4). 
4. Will review for approval samples of all Marketing Materials that you wish to use which reference any 
of the Marks, including any materials and uses of the Marks in digital, electronic, computerized, or 
other form (FA, Section 8.2). 
5. Will maintain the ESA Website to advertise, market and promote the Brand Hotels (and, at our option, 
Network Hotels). We may provide each participating Brand Hotel a page on the ESA Website (FA, 
Section 8.3). 
6. Will promote the general public recognition of the Marks and use of the Brand Hotels (FA, Section 9). 
7. May recommend pricing, but you are responsible for setting your own room rates and prices for all 
products and services at the Hotel, including any prices or rates that appear in the Reservation Service 
(FA, Section 5.7).  
8. May make changes to the System and the Standards, including material changes, additions, 
substitutions or deletions, at our sole discretion at any time and from time to time (FA, Section 7.1).  
9. May require you to use certain administrative, bookkeeping, accounting, and inventory control 
procedures (FA, Section 10.1).   
Computer, Technology and Telecommunication Systems 
You must purchase or lease computer systems capable of interfacing with our network. Additionally, you 
must purchase or license and maintain our preferred property management, revenue management, and other 
technology systems we require, including any additions, enhancements, supplements, or variants that we 
develop during the Term (FA, Section 5.4; HTA, Section 1).  Neither we, nor any affiliate or any third party 
has any obligation to provide ongoing maintenance, repairs, upgrades or updates to the software. 
There are no contractual limits on our rights to obtain independent access to your databases (including the 
property management system described below). The information that we may access includes information 
about your financial performance and about guests.  
Network Infrastructure  
You must install network infrastructure equipment to support both guest wireless and the front desk 
environment. We estimate the cost of the required equipment and installation of the network infrastructure 
to be approximately $125,000-$175,000. Network infrastructure breakage and replacement costs are your 
responsibility and costs will vary annually.  You must enter into an agreement with your vendor for 24-
hour support of high speed internet access ($2-3 per room per month) (“HSIA”), phone ($1-2 per room per 
month), and television ($1-2 per room per month) which is estimated to be approximately $4-7 per 
guestroom per month for a Hotel.      
 
