 
G-4 
 
 
Extended Stay America Premier Suites - EX G (2025) 
agreement that designates jurisdiction or venue outside of the State of Illinois is void.  However, a 
franchise agreement may provide for arbitration outside of Illinois. 
Section 41 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act provides that any condition, stipulation or 
provision purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive compliance with the 
Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act or any other law of Illinois is void. 
Items 17(v) and 17(w) are amended to state that the provisions of the Franchise Agreement, and all 
other agreements concerning governing law, jurisdiction, venue, choice of law, and waiver of jury 
trials will not constitute a waiver of any right conferred upon you by the Illinois Franchise 
Disclosure Act. The Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act will govern the Franchise Agreement with 
respect to Illinois licensees and any other person under the jurisdiction of the Illinois Franchise 
Disclosure Act.  
Your rights upon termination and non-renewal of a franchise agreement are set forth in Sections 19 
and 20 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims 
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf 
of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection 
with the franchise. 
INDIANA 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the ESH Strategies Franchise LLC Disclosure 
Document, the following provisions shall supersede and apply to all Extended Stay America Premier Suites 
franchises offered and sold in the state of Indiana: 
 
1. 
Item 17, Additional Disclosures.  The following statements are added to Item 17: 
 
 
The Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Law (Indiana Code 23-2-2.7 et seq.) in general governs 
the relationship between the franchisor and the franchisee by forbidding certain provisions in the 
franchise agreement and related documents and by preventing the franchisor from engaging in 
certain acts and practices which could be considered coercive or oppressive to the franchisee.  If 
any of the provisions of the Franchise Agreement or the Development Agreement conflict with this 
law, this law will control. 
 
 
Any provisions requiring you to sign a general release of claims against us, including upon 
execution of a successor Franchise Agreement, refund of initial fees, or transfer, does not release 
any claim you may have under the Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Law. 
 
 
 
The Franchise Agreement and the Development Agreement provide that suit must be brought in 
North Carolina.  These provisions may not be enforceable under Indiana law. 
 
 
Indiana franchise laws will govern the Franchise Agreement, the Development Agreement, and any 
and all other related documents. 
 
Item 23 of the Franchise Disclosure Document shall be amended as follows: 
 
