- 9 - 
System Service Fees and Direct Expense Reimbursements—Revenues from system service fees and 
direct expense reimbursements include the reimbursement of costs incurred on behalf of hotel owners 
on a direct and an indirect basis, are as follows: 
 
Direct costs include incremental reservation and distribution costs for which the Company is 
reimbursed on a dollar-for-dollar basis. Since the Company directs the reservation and distribution 
services, it acts as the principal with respect to these services and revenue is recognized on a gross 
basis. 
 
Indirect costs include costs associated with certain system-wide platforms shared by all franchisees 
(i.e., system services), such as marketing, technology infrastructure, central reservations, national 
sales and revenue management systems. The Company is reimbursed for indirect costs through 
system service fees or other program fees based on a percentage of a franchised hotel’s revenue. 
System service fees are recognized over time as franchisees derive value from the license to use 
these processes and systems. Revenue is recognized on a gross basis; expense is recognized as 
incurred. Over time, the Company manages system services to break-even, but the timing of system 
service fees will typically not align with expenses incurred to operate the system-wide platforms. 
The promise to provide access to the Company’s intellectual property combined with the promise to 
provide system services form a single performance obligation since the promises generally accompany 
one another. The performance obligation is considered to be a series of services transferred over time. 
Revenue is recognized on an output method based on performance completed to date. The Company 
recognizes revenue in the amount to which it has a right to bill customers under respective franchise 
agreements, as it has a right to consideration in an amount that corresponds directly with customers’ 
hotel revenues. Franchise fees and system service fees are characterized as variable consideration and 
vary from period to period. In the event that fees include variables that extend beyond the current 
period, the Company uses the most likely amount method to determine the amount of revenue based 
on a reasonable revenue forecast for the applicable hotel. In most instances, the Company does not 
have constraining estimates, as franchisee hotel revenues are typically available and obtained monthly. 
Income Taxes—As a limited liability company, the Company is not subject to federal income taxes. The 
Company may be subject to state and local taxes in certain jurisdictions. 
3. 
INTANGIBLE ASSETS 
Intangible assets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, consist of the following (in thousands): 
Weighted-Average
Gross
Net
Remaining
Carrying
Accumulated
Book
Useful Life
Amount
Amortization
Value
Franchise agreements
11 years
4,900
$ 
(922)
$ 
3,978
$ 
Software licenses
5 years
2,070
  
(37)
    
2,033
  
Software in process
17
        
-       
  
17
        
Total intangible assets
6,987
$
(959)
$
6,028
$
December 31, 2023
