 
39 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Extended Stay America Premier Suites FDD (2025) 
the System at any time one or more Brand Hotels located in the Territory or Development Territory as of 
the effective date of your Franchise Agreement or Development Agreement and replace the removed Brand 
Hotel with a new Brand Hotel that may contain more rooms than the Brand Hotel it is replacing. 
Notwithstanding the grant of a Territory or a Development Territory, we may operate, lease, manage, or 
license any other party to operate a Brand Hotel in the Territory or the Development Territory beginning 6 
months before the expiration of your Franchise Agreement or Development Agreement, or as of the date 
that a date for the premature termination of your Franchise Agreement or Development Agreement has been 
confirmed in writing by us.   
 
Other Distribution Channels 
 
There are no restrictions on us or our affiliates from soliciting or accepting reservations from guests inside 
your Territory or Development Territory, as applicable.  For example, we reserve the right to use other 
channels of distribution, such as the Internet, catalog sales, telemarketing or other direct marketing sales, 
to solicit and obtain reservations from guests who may be located in your Territory or Development 
Territory using the Brand or other brands.  We do not pay you any compensation for these reservations.     
 
Operating Other Brands 
As disclosed in Item 1, we are also granting franchises under the EXTENDED STAY AMERICA SUITES 
brand and the EXTENDED STAY AMERICA SELECT SUITES brand and our related entities are offering 
hotel franchises under the Yotel brand.  Furthermore, an affiliate/related party of ours could possibly offer 
hotel franchises in the future under the Field & Stream brand. These hotels may also be operated by us, an 
affiliate or franchisees.  You may compete with these hotels for business and as discussed above there may 
be, now or in the future, franchised, managed or company owned hotels operated under these brands in your 
market area including in your Territory or Development Territory.  Any conflicts between you and us 
regarding territory, customers and our support will be resolved under the Franchise Agreement.  We have no 
procedure for resolving conflicts between you and franchisees of these other brands.  However, any resolution 
of any conflicts regarding territory, customers or support services will be entirely within our discretion.  The 
EXTENDED STAY AMERICA SUITES franchises and the EXTENDED STAY AMERICA SELECT 
SUITES franchises are offered from our principal business address.  We do not maintain physically separate 
offices and training facilities for these systems.  The principal business address and training facility of the 
Yotel brand is located in London, England. The principal business address of the Field & Stream brand is 
located in Nashville, Tennessee. 
ITEM 13 
TRADEMARKS 
Our affiliate, ESH Strategies Branding LLC (“Marks Owner”), is the owner of the Marks of the System, 
and has granted us a license to use and to license the Marks and certain other intellectual property including 
any domain names related to the System through a Trademark and System License Agreement dated July 
31, 2017, as amended (the “License Agreement”).  The License Agreement will expire on December 31, 
2030 unless extended by the parties.   Under the License Agreement we can use and sublicense the Marks 
and other intellectual property licensed under the Agreement.  If we fail to comply with the Agreement, 
including use of the Marks or other intellectual property that would diminish the image or reputation of the 
Marks Owner or the Marks or other intellectual property, the Marks Owner must give us 90 days to correct 
the issue before terminating the Agreement.  If the Agreement were terminated or expired without 
extension, your right to use the Marks and other intellectual property would continue for the term of your 
Franchise Agreement.       
