 
G-7 
 
 
Extended Stay America Premier Suites - EX G (2025) 
3. 
Item 13 is amended to provide that if you have complied with all provisions of the 
Franchise Agreement applicable to the Marks, we will protect your right to use the Marks and will 
indemnify you from any loss, costs or expenses arising out of any claims, suits or demands 
regarding your use of the Marks in accordance with Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C 12, Subd. 1(g). 
 
4. 
Item 17 “summary column” for (f) of the Franchise Disclosure Document is amended to 
include the following: 
 
With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota law, we will comply with Minn. Stat. Sec. 
80C.14, subds. 3, 4 and 5 which require, except in certain specified cases, that you be given 90 
days’ notice of termination (with 60 days to cure), and that consent to the transfer of the franchise 
will not be unreasonably withheld. 
 
5. 
Item 17 “summary column” for (m) of the Franchise Disclosure Document is amended to 
include the following: 
 
Any release signed as a condition of transfer will not apply to any claims you may have under the 
Minnesota Franchise Act. 
 
6. 
Item 17 “summary columns” for (v) and (w) of the Franchise Disclosure Document are 
amended to include the following: 
 
Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.21 and Minn. Rule 2860.4400J prohibit us from requiring litigation to be 
conducted outside Minnesota or requiring waiver of a jury trial.  In addition, nothing in this 
Disclosure Document or agreement can abrogate or reduce any of your rights as provided for in 
Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C, or your rights to any procedure, forum, or remedies provided for 
by the laws of the jurisdiction, or to consent to liquidated damages, termination penalties, or 
judgment notes; provided that this part shall not bar an exclusive arbitration clause, pursuant to 
Minn. Rule 2860.4400J.  
 
7. 
Item 17 of the Franchise Disclosure Document is amended to include the following 
paragraph after the table: 
 
Pursuant to Minn. Rule 2860.4400D, any General Release required as a condition of renewal, sale 
and/or transfer does not apply to any liability under the Minnesota Franchise Act. 
 
8. 
Item 17 of the Franchise Disclosure Document is amended by adding the following 
paragraph after the table: 
 
In the State of Minnesota, (a) no person may terminate or cancel a franchise without good cause and 
without first having given written notice setting forth all the reasons for such termination or cancellation 
to the Franchisee at least 90 days in advance of such termination or cancellation, and the recipient of the 
notice fails to correct the reasons stated for termination or cancellation in the notice within 60 days of 
receipt of the notice; except that the notice shall be effective immediately upon receipt where the alleged 
grounds are: 
 
 
(1) 
Voluntary abandonment of the franchise relationship by the Franchisee; or 
 
 
(2) 
The conviction of the Franchisee in a court of competent jurisdiction of an offense directly related 
to the business conducted pursuant to the franchise; or 
 
