 
24 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Extended Stay America Premier Suites FDD (2025) 
$1,900 per employee.  You will also be responsible for any travel and lodging costs for all 
employees who attend these sessions.  Additionally, you will be responsible for the out-of-
pocket costs, including travel and lodging costs, that we incur in providing on-site training to 
your hotel staff on IT systems and brand standard requirements. If you are new to the ESA 
System, at least one of your equity owners is required to attend our New Owner Orientation 
training. You must pay us $1,900 per individual for each individual that you send to the New 
Owner Orientation plus any travel and lodging costs of attending this session. 
NOTE 11: Includes salaries, wages, and benefits for the general manager and other staff during the pre-
opening phase; pre-opening local and regional advertising and marketing; and miscellaneous 
other pre-opening costs. These expenses will vary widely depending on management decisions 
and the scope of your pre-opening marketing plan. 
NOTE 12: If you need an extension of time to open your Hotel (or to complete your renovation) beyond 
the deadline specified in your Franchise Agreement, you may be required to pay us an extension 
fee in the amount of $5,000 when you submit your request for the extension. See Section 4.3.3 
of the Franchise Agreement.  
NOTE 13: Includes estimated expenses for salaries, wages and benefits, utilities, replacement of 
consumed OS&E and other operating costs typically incurred during the first 3 months of 
operation. These costs may vary widely from market to market and will depend on your own 
operating model and management decisions. The low estimate assumes your property would 
be operating during the conversion and it would be generating the additional funds needed to 
operate during the first 3 months of the conversion.  In formulating these estimates we relied 
on our internal analysis of the cost of additional funds needed in the conversion of an existing 
EXTENDED STAY AMERICA® hotel to a Hotel as well as information provided by 
franchisees who have recently completed such a conversion.  
NOTE 14: Depending on the scope of renovation required, we may perform up to 3 site visits at your Hotel 
during renovation.  You will pay a fee of $2,000 before each visit.  You may request our 
construction team perform additional site visits at the cost of $2,000 per visit.     
NOTE 15: We will perform up to 2 site visits at your Hotel before conversion to review and certify your 
information technology system.  The first visit will be before conversion of the Hotel and if we 
determine it is required, the final visit will be after installation of the information technology 
system.  You will pay a fee of $2,000 with the first amount due before the first visit.   
NOTE 16: If you elect to use an information technology vendor that we have not approved to provide 
services at the Hotel, you must pay us an Information Technology Certification Fee of between 
$2,000 and $5,000 plus reimburse us for any third party expenses to approve the vendor.  We 
have included an additional $1,000 in the chart to cover third party expenses. 
NOTE 17: Except as disclosed in Item 5, none of these amounts are refundable.  This Total Estimated 
Initial Investment does not include the cost of real property. You should review these figures 
carefully with a business advisor before entering into a Franchise Agreement with us. The range 
is neither a floor on the minimum, nor a cap on the maximum you could spend and your 
expenditures could vary based on the condition of your hotel and other factors. Neither we, nor 
our affiliates, offer direct or indirect financing to franchisees for any items. The estimate does 
not include any finance charge, interest or debt service obligation. The cost estimates listed 
above are for hotels that are to be converted into the Brand rather than newly developed. 
