 
18 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2025 ESAP Development Agreement 
against Franchisor or Franchisor’s Affiliates, whether or not arising from this Agreement, shall 
not constitute a defense to the enforcement by Franchisor of the covenants in this Section. 
Franchisee further acknowledges that any violation of the terms of this Section would result in 
irreparable injury to Franchisor or its Affiliates for which no adequate remedy at law may be 
available, and Franchisee accordingly consents to the issuance of an injunction prohibiting any 
conduct by them in violation of the terms of this Section. Franchisee agrees to pay all costs and 
expenses (including legal fees and court costs) incurred by Franchisor or its Affiliates in 
connection with the enforcement of this Section, including all costs and expenses for obtaining 
specific performance, or an injunction against any violation, of the requirements of this Section. 
The restrictions in this Section shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement. 
13.12 Insurance.  Franchisee will procure and maintain insurance at Franchisee’s expense with the 
coverages, deductibles, limits, carrier ratings, and policy obligations required by the Standards. 
Such insurance requirements may include: property insurance including business interruption, 
earthquake, flood, terrorism and windstorm; workers’ compensation; commercial general 
liability; business auto liability; umbrella or excess liability; fidelity coverage; employment 
practices liability; cyber liability; and such other insurance customarily carried on hotels similar 
to the Hotel. Franchisor may change such requirements in the Standards and may also require 
Franchisee to obtain additional types of insurance or increase the amount of coverages. All 
insurance policies must:  (i) (except for workers’ compensation and fidelity insurance) name as 
unrestricted additional insureds Franchisor, any Indemnitee that Franchisor designates, and 
Franchisor’s respective employees and agents; (ii) provide that the coverages will be primary 
and that any insurance carried by any additional insured will be excess and non-contributory; 
(iii) contain a waiver of subrogation in favor of Franchisor and Franchisor’s designated 
Affiliates, as applicable; and (iv) provide that the policies will not be canceled, non-renewed, 
or reduced without at least thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to Franchisor. Franchisee must 
furnish Franchisor with certificates of insurance evidencing these requirements (e.g., terms, 
limits, and names of insurers). Renewal certificates of insurance will be delivered to Franchisor 
not less than 10 days before their respective inception dates. If Franchisee fails to procure or 
maintain the required insurance, Franchisor may, in Franchisor’s sole discretion, upon ten (10) 
days’ written notice to Franchisee, procure and maintain the required insurance without notice 
to Franchisee and may require Franchisee to reimburse Franchisor for all related costs and fees 
of doing so. If Franchisee delegates its insurance obligations to any other Person, Franchisee 
will ensure that such Person satisfies such obligations. Such delegation will not relieve 
Franchisee of its obligations under this Agreement and the Standards. Any failure to satisfy the 
insurance requirements is a default under this Agreement. Franchisee will cooperate with 
Franchisor in pursuing any claim under insurance required by this Agreement. 
13.13 Additional.   Franchisee and the persons signing this Agreement for Franchisee have full power 
and authority and have been duly authorized, to enter into and perform or cause performance 
of Franchisee’s obligations under this Agreement. Franchisee has obtained all necessary 
approvals of Franchisee’s owners, Board of Directors and lenders. No executory franchise, 
license or affiliation agreement for the Hotel exists other than this Agreement. Franchisee’s 
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement will not violate, create a default under 
or breach of any charter, bylaws, agreement or other contract, license, permit, indebtedness, 
certificate, order, decree or security instrument to which Franchisee or any of Franchisee’s 
Equity Owners is a party or is subject or to which the Hotel is subject. Neither Franchisee nor 
the Hotel is the subject of any current or pending merger, sale, dissolution, receivership, 
bankruptcy, foreclosure, reorganization, insolvency, or similar action or proceeding on the date 
Franchisee executes this Agreement and was not within the three years preceding such date. 
Neither general economic downturn or conditions nor Franchisee’s own financial inability to 
