 
27 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Extended Stay America Premier Suites FDD (2025) 
particular item or service we do not intend on approving another supplier for that item or service.   
Reservation Service 
As disclosed above, your Hotel must participate in and use the Reservation Service that we designate, 
including any replacements, additions, enhancements, supplements, fixes, patches, updates, modifications, 
or variants that we may develop or adopt, and honor and give first priority on available rooms to all 
confirmed reservations booked through the Reservation Service. For outgoing reservations referred by or 
from the Hotel to other Network Hotels, you must exclusively use only the Reservation Service for Hotel 
bookings, unless we approve a different system.  If we require you to use other reservation, sales, revenue 
management, call center, point of sale, or other services or systems you must comply with all terms and 
conditions, including execution of required agreements and payment of all required fees and costs.   
If we have entered into an agreement with an online travel agent or other third-party intermediary (“OTA”) 
for the sale of room nights at Brand Hotels you may only sell through that OTA and you may not enter into 
your own agreement with that OTA. To the extent that you participate in those programs, you will decide 
what room rates to charge and what commission to pay to the OTA within the parameters we have 
negotiated for Brand Hotels. 
Loyalty Programs 
You must participate in and honor the terms and conditions of any loyalty, discount, amenity, service, guest 
or promotional programs required by the Standards, any Guest Room rate quoted to prospective guests 
when they make reservations, any fees charged by these programs, and any award certificates (including, 
credit toward food purchases or internet or other items or amenities) issued to Hotel guests participating in 
these programs. 
Material Benefits 
We do not provide material benefits to you (for example, renewal or granting additional franchises) based 
on your purchase of particular products or services or use of particular suppliers. 
 
ITEM 9 
FRANCHISEE’S OBLIGATIONS 
This table lists your principal obligations under the Franchise Agreement and other agreements.  It 
will help you find more detailed information about your obligations in these agreements and in other 
Items of this Disclosure Document.   
Obligation 
Section in Agreement 
Franchise Disclosure  
Document Item 
a. Site selection and acquisition/lease 
FA: 5.10, 5.16, 20.10.1, Exhibit A; 
DA: 5.1, Exhibit A 
1, 7 and 11 
b. Pre-opening purchases and leases 
FA: 4, Exhibit A 
7, 8 and 11 
c. Site development and other pre-
opening requirements 
FA: 4, 6.1, Exhibit A;  
DA: 5.1 
5, 6, 7, 8 and 11 
