 
30 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Extended Stay America Premier Suites FDD (2025) 
which you will reimburse us our Travel Costs and pay associated fees and charges (FA, Section 6.1). 
6. May specify and provide required and/or optional initial, periodic, remedial, and other training 
programs, both in-person and online, for which we may charge non-reimbursable training and other 
fees, charges and costs (FA, Section 6.2; see “Training” below for additional details).   
7. Will make our Standards available to you through our Standards Manual.  We will license you access 
to the Standards Manual during the Term of your Franchise Agreement, in digital, electronic or other 
computerized form, or, at our sole discretion, in hard paper copy (FA, Section 7.2).  The Table of 
Contents to our Standards Manual is listed in Exhibit E to this Disclosure Document. It has a total of 
130 pages. 
Site 
1.  We will review a site that you provide to us for the construction and operation of your Hotel. You will 
choose the site to submit for our review.  We generally do not own the site that you will lease, and in 
most situations, we do not lease your site to you. You will either purchase the site or lease it from a 
third party.  You will need to make sure that the site meets all of our Standards, including compliance 
with all laws, and obtain any required permits (FA, Section 4.1). We do not conform the site to local 
ordinances and building codes or obtain any required permits.   
2.   Once you have provided all of the necessary information we need to make an informed decision about 
the site, submitted a franchise application, and paid the PIP fee (if required), we will provide you with 
our approval or disapproval within 60 days. If we do not provide approval or conditional approval 
within 60 days, the site will be deemed disapproved and we may terminate the Franchise Agreement 
and retain all fees you have paid to us or our affiliates. We will review various factors in approving or 
disapproving your site.  These factors include the geography of the location, ingress to and egress from 
the location, the demographics of the market, the effect the proposed site will have on existing Brand 
Hotels or Network Hotels, and what type of visibility the site will have to attract customers.   
Opening of the Hotel 
 
You must begin construction/renovation and open the Hotel and begin operating it as a Brand Hotel by the 
dates specified in Exhibit A to the Franchise Agreement (FA, Section 4.4). The typical length of time 
between the signing of the Franchise Agreement and the opening of the Hotel can range from immediate, 
to the time required for land acquisition, financing and construction.  Immediate opening would be in 
connection with the sale of an existing Brand Hotel or conversion of another brand hotel. The time required 
for land acquisition, financing and construction can be as long as, or more than, 2 years. You may not begin 
operating the Hotel without our prior written authorization, including successful completion of a pre-
opening inspection (FA, Sections 4.3 and 4.4). 
 
Obligations after Opening 
During the operation of your Hotel, we: 
1. Will designate suppliers (which may include us) for FF&E and OS&E and also review any suppliers 
that you propose to us to confirm that such suppliers meet, and are capable of providing items in 
accordance with, the Standards (FA, Section 4.8).  Neither we nor our affiliates provide you with any 
necessary equipment, signs, fixtures, opening inventory or supplies for your Hotel.  With respect to 
items we or our affiliates provide to you, they will be provided directly to you but neither we nor our 
affiliates will install them.   
