 
35 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Extended Stay America Premier Suites FDD (2025) 
year after they are collected. We are not required to spend any of these funds for the benefit of any particular 
franchisee or any particular market. We may spend these funds in any market where we believe those 
placements would benefit the franchise system in general (FA, Sections 3.3, 8.1).  We do not provide a 
periodic accounting of how we spend the System Services Fee.  We do not use the System Services Fee 
principally to solicit franchisees to purchase franchises.  Although, we may use the System Services Fee to 
upgrade the ESA Website which may have franchise sales information contained in it.         
There is no advertising fund that you must participate in.  We currently do not have an advertising council 
but reserve the right to create and convene one in the future.  Neither we nor our affiliates have any 
obligation to pay a System Services Fee for any Brand Hotel that we or they operate. 
We currently do not require franchisees to be part of a local or regional advertising cooperative but we 
reserve the right to require that you become part of one in the future.   
Training 
We may specify and provide required and/or optional training programs, for which training fees may be 
charged. You are responsible for all tuition, training materials, Supplies, if any, and all travel, food, lodging 
and other out-of-pocket costs for any training (FA, Section 6.2).  We have 4 parts to our current required 
initial training program: the New Owner Orientation, General Manager Certification, Pre-Opening Onsite 
Training, and Service Culture Training.  The following table sets forth the ESA Training Program as of the 
issuance date of this Disclosure Document. We offer this training on an as-needed basis. We may modify 
the training requirements as needed.   
TRAINING PROGRAM 
Subject 
Hours Of Classroom 
Training 
Hours of On-the- 
Job Training  
Location 
New Owner Orientation 
12 hours 
N/A 
Charlotte, NC 
General Manager Certification 
12-14 hours 
N/A 
Online or in Charlotte, NC 
Pre-Opening Onsite Training 
N/A 
12 hours 
Your Hotel 
Service Culture Training 
1 hour 
N/A 
Online 
Optional Functional Path 
Training via ESU Online 
Varies 
N/A 
Online 
 
New Owner Orientation 
At least one principal of a newly signed franchisee must attend our New Owner Orientation at our corporate 
headquarters in Charlotte, North Carolina within 6 months (for new construction hotels) or 3 months (for 
conversion hotels) after signing the Franchise Agreement (FA Section 6.2). As of the date of this disclosure 
documents, this 2-day orientation takes place in a classroom setting and covers the following topics: an 
introduction to the ESA brands and ESA culture, brand standards, resources, communications, systems 
purchasing, construction/renovation process, revenue strategy and management, billing, and reporting. You 
must pay us $1,900 per individual for each attendee that you send to the New Owner Orientation. This 
amount is nonrefundable and is due before the individual attends the training. The attendance fee for the 
first individual will be invoiced to you after execution of your Franchise Agreement. You will be 
responsible for travel, lodging and some meal expenses for all attendees during the training.  Unless you 
are purchasing an existing ESA property, a minimum of one franchisee principal must complete this training 
