12 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ESA Premier Suites (2025) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Franchise Agreement 2025 Template) 
 
 
or other lodging facilities not in the Network, and may only divert business from the Hotel to another hotel 
in compliance with the Standards and subject to Franchisor’s sole discretion. 
5.10 
Landlord. If the Site is leased to Franchisee, the Landlord is listed on Item 17 on Exhibit 
A. Franchisee may not terminate, assign, or amend its lease or the parties to the lease without Franchisor’s 
prior written consent in Franchisor’s sole discretion.  Any lease provisions required by Franchisor to be 
contained in Franchisee’s lease for the Site are listed in Item 20 on Exhibit A. 
5.11 
Advertising and Promotion. Other than as Franchisor may require pursuant to any 
advertising or marketing program Franchisor may undertake, Franchisee shall advertise and promote the 
Hotel and related facilities and services on a local and regional basis at Franchisee’s expense in a first-class, 
dignified manner, using Franchisor’s identity, graphics, and Standards.  Samples of any advertising and 
promotional materials not previously approved or disapproved by Franchisor (in any form or medium that 
exists now or is developed in the future) must be approved in writing pursuant to Section 8.3.2  below 
before Franchisee produces and distributes them. Franchisee must immediately discontinue its use of any 
advertising or promotional materials Franchisor disapproves. 
5.12 
Guest Complaints. Franchisee must participate in and pay all charges associated with all 
System guest complaint resolution programs that Franchisor requires. Such programs may include 
chargebacks to the Hotel for guest refunds or credits and all required System quality assurance programs, 
such as guest comment cards, customer surveys, and mystery shopping programs. Franchisee must maintain 
such minimum performance standards and scores for quality assurance programs as Franchisor may 
establish from time to time. 
5.13 
Payment Cards. Franchisee must honor all nationally recognized payment cards,  payment 
vouchers and electronic payment methods for general payment purposes that Franchisor requires, and must 
enter into all payment card,  voucher and electronic payment agreements with issuers of such cards, 
vouchers and payment methods as necessary for that purpose. 
5.14 
Cross Marketing. Franchisee may not engage, directly or indirectly, in any cross-
marketing or cross-promotion of the Hotel with any other Hotel or related business without Franchisor’s 
prior written consent in Franchisor’s sole discretion. Franchisee agrees to refer current and prospective 
guests and customers only to Brand Hotels or Network Hotels. Franchisor may require Franchisee to 
participate in programs designed to refer prospective customers to Other Hotels. Franchisee must display 
all material, including brochures and promotional material that Franchisor provides for Brand Hotels and 
Network Hotels. Franchisee may not allow advertising and promotion unrelated to Brand Hotels and 
Network Hotels on the Hotel Site unless Franchisor specifically directs or permits Franchisee to include 
advertising or promotion of Other Hotels. 
5.15 
Standards, Other Confidential Information. Franchisee must treat as proprietary and 
confidential the Standards and other Confidential Information, contained in the Standards Manual, and other 
collateral documents, regardless of form or format, provided and updated as Franchisor requires in its sole 
discretion. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that it does not acquire any interest in the Standards and 
other Confidential Information other than the right to use the same in the development and operation of the 
Hotel pursuant to this Agreement during the Term. Franchisee agrees that it will not use the Standards or 
other Confidential Information in any business of for any purpose other than in the development and 
operation of the Hotel under the System during the Term. Franchisee agrees and acknowledges that the 
Standards and other Confidential Information are proprietary and constitute trade secrets of Franchisor 
and its Affiliates which have commercial value. Without Franchisor’s prior written consent in Franchisor’s 
sole discretion, Franchisee may not at any time copy, duplicate, record, reproduce, or otherwise transmit or 
