4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ESA Premier Suites (2025) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Franchise Agreement 2025 Template) 
 
 
3.5 
Interest on Late Payments. If any payment by Franchisee under this Agreement is not 
received by its due date, such payment will be overdue and will constitute a breach, and Franchisor may 
require Franchisee to pay interest on the overdue amount at the rate of one and one-half percent (1.5%) per 
month (or, if less, the maximum interest permitted by Law) from the date such overdue amount was due 
until paid. Franchisor’s right to receive interest is in addition to any other remedies it may have. 
3.6 
Taxes. 
3.6.1 
Franchisee must promptly pay when due all Taxes levied or assessed by any tax 
authority relating to Franchisee, the Hotel, this Agreement, and any Other Agreement(s) in connection with 
operating the Hotel, and file when due all governmental returns, notices and other filings in connection 
therewith. Franchisee will pay Franchisor when due Taxes that are assessed against Franchisor on the 
Systems Services Fees, Royalty Fees, and other fees, charges and reimbursements paid by Franchisee to 
Franchisor and its Affiliates that are imposed by the jurisdictions where the Hotel is located, but not 
including any income tax, franchise or other similar tax for the privilege of doing business by Franchisor 
in Franchisee’s State. 
3.6.2 
Franchisee may not deduct or withhold present or future Taxes from any payment 
to Franchisor. If any Law requires Franchisee to deduct or withhold Taxes directly from a payment to 
Franchisor, Franchisee must deduct or withhold the required amount, timely pay the full amount deducted 
or withheld to the relevant Government Entity in accordance with such Law, and provide Franchisor with 
proof of payment. Franchisee must increase the amount Franchisee pays Franchisor so that the net amount 
Franchisor receives after the deduction or withholding equals the full amount originally invoiced or 
otherwise payable. If the Law does not impose an obligation on Franchisee to deduct or withhold Taxes 
directly from any payment to Franchisor, but requires Franchisor to pay such Taxes, then Franchisee must 
pay Franchisor, within fifteen (15) days after Franchisor requires, the full amount of the Taxes paid or 
payable by Franchisor so that the net amount Franchisor retains after payment of the Taxes (other than 
Taxes assessed on Franchisor’s net income) equals the full amount originally invoiced or otherwise payable. 
3.7 
Other Fees.  Franchisee shall pay to Franchisor such other fees that are set forth in other 
sections of this Agreement, the Brand Standards, or otherwise imposed. Such fees shall be due as set forth 
in Section 3.4 of this Agreement, unless different payment terms are expressly stated for such fees at the 
time they are imposed or thereafter. 
4. 
DEVELOPMENT AND OPENING 
4.1 
Required Consents. 
4.1.1 
Franchisee shall not commence any Hotel Work until the Franchisor has issued its 
written consent in Franchisor’s sole discretion with respect to Plans and Designs as set forth in the Standards 
and with respect to Franchisee’s architect that prepares the Plans and Designs.  
4.1.2 
Before Franchisor can approve Franchisee’s Plans and Designs, Franchisee’s 
architect or other certified professional must certify to Franchisor that the Plans and Designs comply with 
all Laws related to accessibility and accommodations and facilities for those with disabilities. Franchisee is 
solely responsible for ensuring that the Plans and Designs comply with all of the Standards, and all 
applicable Laws, codes, and/or other state of locally adopted building, zoning, and local design regulations. 
4.1.3 
After Franchisor provides its written consent to the Plans and Designs, no change 
may be made to the Plans and Designs without Franchisor’s further prior written consent in Franchisor’s 
