 
29 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Extended Stay America Premier Suites FDD (2025) 
Obligation 
Section in Agreement 
Franchise Disclosure  
Document Item 
x. Dispute resolution 
FA: 19, Exhibit G; DA: 12; HTA: 8, 9.7 
17 
y. Other: Guaranty of franchisee’s 
obligations 
FA: 5.16; DA: 6.2 
15 and 17 
z. Other: Liquidated Damages 
FA: 4.4.3.1, 16.3 
6 and 17 
aa. Other: Right of First Offer 
FA: Exhibit F 
17 
 
1. If you are an individual, you will be personally responsible for your obligations under the Franchise 
Agreement, Development Agreement and HTA.  If you are a corporation or other legal entity, we may 
require personal guarantees of your obligations under the Franchise Agreement, Development 
Agreement and HTA by your owners or other persons we designate.  If the Hotel is owned by a different 
entity than the franchisee, the owner of the Hotel must sign a guaranty of the Franchise Agreement.  
The Guaranty is attached at Exhibit H. 
  
ITEM 10 
FINANCING 
 
We do not offer direct or indirect financing. We do not guarantee your note, lease, or obligation.  
 
ITEM 11 
FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS, AND TRAINING 
 
Except as listed below, we are not required to provide you with any assistance. 
 
We may delegate the performance of any or all of our obligations under the Franchise Agreement and the 
Development Agreement to third-party designees, whether these designees are our affiliates, agents or 
independent contractors with whom we contract. 
 
Pre-Opening Obligations 
After we approve your Application and/or you sign your Franchise Agreement, but before you open your 
Hotel we: 
1. Before you begin construction or renovation, as applicable, we will review the following information 
that you submit to us for approval: (i) evidence of insurance required by the Standards; (ii) evidence 
that you are entitled to possession of the Site; (iii) evidence of all approvals, permits, and licenses 
required for construction or renovation, as applicable, to begin; and (iv) your Plans and Designs (FA, 
Sections 4.1 and 4.2). 
2. Will perform up to 3 site visits to review your construction progress (FA, Section 4.3.4). 
3. Will perform up to 2 site visits to review and certify your information technology infrastructure before 
opening of your Hotel (FA, Section 4.3.4).    
4. Will conduct a final inspection, at your cost and expense, of the Hotel within 30 days after you notify 
us in writing that the Hotel is ready to open for business as a Brand Hotel (FA, Section 4.4.1). 
5. May require a pre-opening visit to the Hotel to assist with the Hotel’s opening as a Brand Hotel, for 
