 
2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2025 ESAP Development Agreement 
1.4 
Reserved Rights.  The Development Territory fairly represents the trading area, and 
Franchisee acknowledges that there are no express or implied territorial rights or agreements 
between the parties except as stated in Section 1.2 above. Franchisee irrevocably waives any 
right to seek or obtain the benefits of any policy Franchisor now follows or may in the future 
follow to notify Franchisee about proposed Brand Hotels or Network Hotels in the general area 
of the Development Territory, solicit information about the effect of the proposed Brand Hotel 
on the revenue or occupancy of the Development Territory or decide whether to add the 
proposed Brand Hotel to the System based on the potential effect of the proposed Brand Hotel 
on Brand Hotels operated by Franchisee in the Development Territory or their performance. 
Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor and its Affiliates have and may have business 
interests other than the operation of the System and that they, in their sole discretion, may 
identify, define, and act upon such interests in the manner they deem appropriate. Franchisee 
further acknowledges that business decisions made by Franchisor and its Affiliates may impact 
Franchisee and agrees that Franchisor and its Affiliates have no express obligation or implied 
duty to protect Franchisee from the consequences of such business decisions and expressly 
waives any right to assert any Claim against Franchisor or its affiliates based on the existence, 
actual or arguable, of any such obligation or duty, including Claims for unfair competition, 
breach of contract, breach of any applicable implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, or 
divided loyalty.   
Notwithstanding the grant of territorial protection set forth in Section 1.2 above, without any 
restriction or obligation to Franchisee: 
1.4.1 
 Franchisor and/or its Affiliates may own, lease, manage, operate, franchise, license, 
or otherwise allow (collectively as to Franchisor and/or its Affiliates, “operate” or 
“operating”) any person to operate (i) Brand Hotels outside the Development Territory; 
(ii) Network Hotels that operate under brands different from the Brand at any location, inside 
or outside the Development Territory, in either event regardless of the impact on Brand Hotels 
in the Development Territory; and/or (iii) non-Network Hotels that Franchisor and/or its 
Affiliates may operate at any location inside or outside the Development Territory, in either 
event regardless of the impact on Brand Hotels in the Development Territory. 
1.4.2 
Franchisor and/or its Affiliates may own, acquire, lease, construct or renovate a Brand 
Hotel inside the Territory and may also franchise, license or otherwise permit third parties to 
do the same; provided however, provided, however, the Brand Hotel may not be opened 
during the Term. 
1.4.3 
Franchisor and/or its Affiliates may market and advertise for Brand Hotels or Network 
Hotels inside or outside the Development Territory.   
1.4.4 
Franchisor and/or its Affiliates reserves the right (a) to acquire or be acquired by 
(whether through purchase, sale, merger, consolidation, or other transaction) another chain, 
franchise system, group or portfolio hotels, and/or (b) to operate or manage another chain, 
franchise system, group or portfolio of hotels (each, a “Chain Acquisition”). 
1.5 
Not a Franchise Agreement.  This Agreement is not a Franchise Agreement.  This 
Agreement does not give Franchisee any right to use the Marks or the System.  In addition, 
this Agreement does not give Franchisee any right to license others to operate franchised 
Hotels or use the Franchisor’s System.  This Agreement only gives Franchisee the opportunity 
to enter into Franchise Agreements for the operation of Hotels developed at the locations in 
the Development Territory accepted by Franchisor.  Each franchised Hotel developed pursuant 
