 
19 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Extended Stay America Premier Suites FDD (2025) 
(Column 1) 
Type of Expenditure 
(Column 2) 
Amount 
(Column 3) 
Method of  
Payment 
(Column 4) 
When Due 
(Column 5) 
To Whom  
Payment Is to be Made 
Additional Funds – 3 
months (See Note 13) 
$175,000 - 
$250,000 
As incurred 
As incurred 
N/A 
Information Technology 
Certification Fee  
(See Note 14) 
$0 - $6,000 
As arranged 
Before we begin the 
approval process 
Us 
Mandatory Construction 
Site Visit Fees  
(See Note 15) 
$6,000 - 
$10,000 
As arranged 
As arranged 
Us 
Mandatory Site Visits for 
Information Technology 
Certification  
(See Note 16) 
$2,000-
$4,000 
As arranged 
Before our first visit 
Us 
TOTAL (See Note 17) 
$10,058,979 – $15,123,386 (excluding real property costs) 
 
NOTE 1: 
The Initial Franchise Fee pays for the services that we will provide to you before the opening 
of the Hotel and is non-refundable.  All other amounts disclosed in this chart are non-
refundable. There is no separate fee if you sign a Development Agreement, but you must pay 
the Initial Franchise Fee for all properties that you commit to develop under the Development 
Agreement at the time you sign the agreement. 
NOTE 2: 
You may wish to retain a third-party consultant to estimate the anticipated cash flows that the 
Hotel will generate, based on the consultant’s analysis of the supply and demand characteristics 
of the local market and forecasted operating and market conditions. 
NOTE 3: 
Before you purchase real property, you may wish to retain a third-party consultant to evaluate 
any potential environmental risks and liabilities and remediation costs.  This estimate includes 
the cost of a Phase I Environmental Site Assessment. The cost of a Phase II Environmental Site 
will vary based on Site specific factors. 
NOTE 4: 
Given the multiple variables associated with the cost of real property, we do not have a valid 
means for estimation.  Some of the largest attributes to these variables are geographic location; 
overall site size and buildable size; required civil work; grading and excavation; impact fees; 
setbacks and easements; and local jurisdiction regulations.  Other considerations would include 
whether the land is being purchased or leased and related financing requirements. Our current 
prototype of 125 rooms and four stories will generally require at least 2.0 acres. 
NOTE 5: 
The permits, tap and impact fees you must pay to construct or operate the Hotel vary depending 
on the local government authorities that impose them.   
NOTE 6: 
Improvements include costs of constructing the Hotel building and facilities located in a 
suburban area. These costs include exterior signage, low voltage cabling and Builder’s Risk 
Insurance. These costs do not include site work which will vary widely depending on material 
costs, labor costs, pace of construction and other factors. Building costs vary greatly from state 
to state and region to region depending on material costs, labor costs, and other factors.  This 
estimate will increase if your Hotel is in an urban area, or there are any unusual site conditions, 
