 
9 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Extended Stay America Premier Suites FDD (2025) 
Opening PIP fee is payable prior to the PIP inspection being scheduled.  The Pre-Opening PIP fee is 
nonrefundable but will be credited towards your Initial Franchise Fee. 
 
Extension Fee  
 
You can extend the Construction Commencement Date, Renovation Commencement Date, Construction 
Work Completion Date, and Renovation Work Completion Date for your Hotel on a 90-day rolling basis, 
unless we provide you with at least 30 days’ notice that these automatic extensions of the applicable 
deadline no longer apply. To extend the applicable date you must otherwise be in compliance with the 
Franchise Agreement and pay us our then current extension fee and take such other steps we may require.  
The extension fee is currently $5,000 per extension, is payable on demand, and is not refundable. 
Pre-Opening Inspection Fee 
Before you may open your Hotel as a Brand Hotel we will conduct a final inspection of the Hotel within 
30 days after you give us notice that the Hotel is ready to open for business as a  Brand Hotel.  You must 
reimburse us for the costs and expenses we incur to conduct the inspection.  If you fail and we need to come 
back for another inspection you must reimburse us for the costs and expenses we incur to conduct the other 
inspections.  These amounts are payable upon demand and are not refundable.  
Pre-Opening Training Fees 
We provide required training programs that you, your General Manager, or other key employees must 
complete before opening your hotel in the ESA franchise system. You must pay us $1,900 per individual 
for each individual that you send to our GM Certification program.  This amount is nonrefundable and is 
due before the individual attends the training.   
At least one of your equity owners is required to attend our New Owner Orientation training. You must pay 
us $1,900 per individual for each individual that you send to the New Owner Orientation. This amount is 
nonrefundable and is due before the individual attends the training. The attendance fee for the first 
individual will be invoiced to you after execution of your Franchise Agreement. 
You currently must pay us $2,500 for us to send a trainer to your Hotel to assist in training the hotel staff 
on brand standards and related issues with the Hotel’s opening.  This pre-opening on-site training fee is 
non-refundable and due prior to the pre-opening on-site training being scheduled.  However, if we 
determine (in our sole judgment, based on operations at your, or your affiliate’s other System Hotels) that 
you are capable of training your own staff on the brand standards, then you need not pay us the $2,500 pre-
opening training fee and we will not provide on-site training in connection with the opening of your Hotel. 
In this circumstance you must provide opening training to your Hotel staff according to our brand standard 
requirements. 
The fees for all training programs do not include any cost of travel, lodging, or meals to attend the required 
training programs. Some or all of the training may not be required if you have previously owned a System 
Hotel, obtained GM Certification for another existing hotel and/or a hotel staff member has previously 
completed the training in a prior position. If you would like additional training before the Hotel opens we 
will charge you our then-current hourly training fee which is currently $200 per hour plus reimbursement 
of our travel and lodging costs if the training is performed at a location other than our corporate 
headquarters.  
Except as described, attendance is mandatory at the training programs identified in this Item 5. Failure to 
attend within the prescribed time frame may result in a delay of our approval for your Hotel to open as a 
