 
G-8 
 
 
Extended Stay America Premier Suites - EX G (2025) 
 
(3) 
Failure to cure a default under the Franchise Agreement which materially impairs a goodwill 
associated with the Franchisor's tradename, trademark, service mark, logo type or other 
commercial symbol after the Franchisee has received written notice to cure at least twenty-four 
hours in advance thereof. 
 
Franchisor shall give Franchisee 180 days’ notice for non-renewal of the Franchise Agreement. 
 
No person may terminate or cancel a franchise except for good cause. “Good cause” means failure by the 
franchisee to substantially comply with the material and reasonable franchise requirements imposed by 
the franchisor including, but not limited to: 
 
(1) 
the bankruptcy or insolvency of the franchisee; 
 
(2) 
assignment for the benefit of creditors or similar disposition of the assets of the franchise 
business; 
 
(3) 
voluntary abandonment of the franchise business; 
 
(4) 
conviction or a plea of guilty or no contest to a charge of violating any law relating to the franchise 
business; or 
 
(5) 
any act by or conduct of the franchisee which materially impairs the goodwill associated with the 
franchisor's trademark, tradename, service mark, logotype or other commercial symbol. 
 
9. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims 
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf 
of the franchisor.  This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in 
connection with the franchise. 
 
NEW YORK 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the ESH Strategies Franchise LLC Disclosure 
Document, the following provisions shall supersede and apply to all Extended Stay America Premier Suites 
franchises offered and sold in the state of New York: 
 
1. 
The page entitled “Special Risk(s) to Consider About This Franchise” is 
amended by the addition of the following language: 
Special Risk(s) to Consider About This Franchise 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION. INFORMATION COMPARING 
FRANCHISORS 
IS 
AVAILABLE. 
 
CALL 
THE 
STATE 
ADMINISTRATORS LISTED IN EXHIBIT F OR YOUR PUBLIC 
LIBRARY FOR SOURCES OF INFORMATION.  
 
REGISTRATION IS NOT ENDORSEMENT.  REGISTRATION OF 
THIS FRANCHISE BY NEW YORK STATE DOES NOT MEAN 
