 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2025 ESAP Development Agreement 
DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT 
This Development Agreement (the “Agreement”) is entered into between [Franchisee name] (“Franchisee”) 
and ESH Strategies Franchise LLC (“Franchisor”) as of [Month, Day], 20___ (the “Effective Date”). 
RECITALS 
A. 
Capitalized terms not defined in this Agreement are used as defined in the Franchise 
Agreement as that term is defined hereinbelow. 
B. 
Franchisor and Franchisor’s Affiliates own and operate the System. 
C. 
Franchisee wishes to develop Brand Hotels through a combination of new construction, 
conversion of existing hotel properties, or both, with each new Brand Hotel subject to a Franchise Agreement. 
D. 
Franchisor is willing to execute Franchise Agreement(s) granting Franchisee exclusive 
territory (the “Development Territory”) (the phrase “Development Territory” as used herein shall mean 
territories if more than one Development Territory is set forth in Exhibit A) in which to develop Brand Hotels 
if Franchisee meets certain predefined development thresholds and otherwise complies with all of the terms of 
this Agreement, including execution of Franchise Agreement(s). 
E. 
Capitalized terms not defined in this Agreement are used as defined in the attached Exhibit 
B, incorporated herein by reference. 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, the promises, representations, warranties, covenants 
and agreements contained in this Agreement and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which are acknowledged, Franchisee and Franchisor agree as follows: 
1. 
GRANT 
1.1 
Grant.  Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Franchisor hereby grants Franchisee the limited 
non-exclusive right to develop Brand Hotels in the Development Territory described in Exhibit 
A.  Each Brand Hotel developed under this Agreement shall be established and operated 
pursuant to a separate Franchise Agreement (each, a “Franchise Agreement”) as provided in 
Section 5.2. 
1.2 
Exclusivity.  Except as provided in Sections 1.3 and 1.4, so long as Franchisee is in compliance 
with all of its obligations under this Agreement, including the obligation to meet the 
development requirements set forth in Exhibit A (the “Development Schedule”), neither 
Franchisor nor any of Franchisor’s Affiliates will operate, franchise, or otherwise authorize any 
person or business entity to operate, a Brand Hotel that is physically located in the Development 
Territory until the first to occur of the events set forth in Section 3 of this Agreement. 
1.3 
Exceptions.  The territorial protection set forth in Section 1.2 does not apply to any Brand 
Hotels operating in the Development Territory as of the Effective Date, which Franchisor may 
renew, relicense, allow to expand, or replace, in its sole discretion.  Additionally, Franchisor 
and/or its Affiliates may at any time remove from the System one or more Brand Hotels located 
in the Development Territory as of the Effective Date  and replace the removed Brand Hotel 
with a new Brand Hotel. 
