 
G-13 
 
 
Extended Stay America Premier Suites - EX G (2025) 
 
 
 
 
WASHINGTON 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the ESH Strategies Franchise LLC Disclosure 
Document, the following provisions shall supersede and apply to all Extended Stay America Premier Suites 
franchises offered and sold in the state of Washington: 
 
1. In the event of a conflict of laws, the provisions of the Washington Franchise Investment Protection 
Act, Chapter 19.100 RCW will prevail. 
 
2. Use of Franchise Brokers.  The franchisor may use the services of franchise brokers to assist it in 
selling franchises.  A franchise broker represents the franchisor and is paid a fee for referring 
prospects to the franchisor and/or selling the franchise.  Do not rely on the information provided 
by a franchise broker about a franchise.  Do your own investigation by contacting the franchisor’s 
current and former franchisees to ask them about their experiences with the franchisor.  
 
3. RCW 19.100.180 may supersede the franchise agreement in your relationship with the franchisor 
including the areas of termination and renewal of your franchise.  There may also be court decisions 
which may supersede the franchise agreement in your relationship with the franchisor including 
the areas of termination and renewal of your franchise. 
 
4. In any arbitration or mediation involving a franchise purchased in Washington, the arbitration or 
mediation site will be either in the state of Washington, or in a place mutually agreed upon at the 
time of the arbitration or mediation, or as determined by the arbitrator or mediator at the time of 
arbitration or mediation.  In addition, if litigation is not precluded by the franchise agreement, a 
franchisee may bring an action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with the sale of 
franchises, or a violation of the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, in Washington. 
 
5. A release or waiver of rights executed by a franchisee may not include rights under the Washington 
Franchise Investment Protection Act or any rule or order thereunder except when executed pursuant 
to a negotiated settlement after the agreement is in effect and where the parties are represented by 
independent counsel.  Provisions such as those which unreasonably restrict or limit the statute of 
limitations period for claims under the Act, or rights or remedies under the Act such as a right to a 
jury trial, may not be enforceable. 
 
6. Transfer fees are collectable to the extent that they reflect the franchisor’s reasonable estimated or 
actual costs in effecting a transfer. 
 
7. Pursuant to RCW 49.62.020, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable against an 
employee, including an employee of a franchisee, unless the employee’s earnings from the party 
seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $100,000 per year (an amount that will be adjusted 
annually for inflation).  In addition, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable against 
an independent contractor of a franchisee under RCW 49.62.030 unless the independent 
contractor’s earnings from the party seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $250,000 per 
year (an amount that will be adjusted annually for inflation).  As a result, any provisions contained 
in the franchise agreement or elsewhere that conflict with these limitations are void and 
unenforceable in Washington. 
 
