18 
© 2025 ESA 
 
ESA Hotel Technology Agreement (2025) 
 
available to the Service any content that (i) is unlawful or tortious, or (ii) Hotel does not have a right to make available 
under any applicable law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships, or that infringes, misappropriates, or 
otherwise violates any intellectual property, privacy, publicity, or other proprietary rights of any person; (c) 
sublicense, resell, time share, or similarly exploit the Service; (d) upload, post, transmit, or otherwise make available 
any content or information designed to interrupt, interfere with, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer 
software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; (e) reverse engineer, modify, adapt, or hack the Service, 
or otherwise attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Service or its related systems or networks; or (f) access the 
Service to build a competitive product or service. 
 
i. 
Subject to the limited rights expressly granted to Hotel hereunder, Canary reserves and retains, 
and as between Canary and Hotel, Canary exclusively owns, all rights, title, and interest in and to the Service, 
including all modifications, derivative works, upgrades, and updates thereto, and all related intellectual property 
rights therein. No rights are granted by Canary hereunder other than as expressly set forth herein. If Hotel or any 
Authorized User provides Canary any feedback or suggestions regarding the Service, then Canary is hereby granted 
an unlimited, irrevocable, perpetual, sublicensable, royalty-free license to use any such feedback or suggestions for 
any purpose without any obligation or compensation to Hotel or any Authorized User. Unless otherwise expressly 
set forth in an applicable Services Schedule, Canary retains exclusive ownership of all work product created by Canary 
in connection with its performance of services under this Hotel Subscription Agreement. 
2. 
CANARY FEES:  All applicable fees are set forth in, and Hotel will pay such fees in accordance with the 
payment terms and schedule set forth in, the Service Schedules. Payment obligations are non-cancelable and, except 
as expressly set forth herein, fees paid are non-refundable except on termination for breach or failure to meet 
service level commitments.  Unless otherwise specified in an agreed Service Schedule, Canary shall invoice Hotel for 
Canary’s Services in advance of each applicable year and Hotel agrees to pay all undisputed invoiced amounts forty-
five (45) days following its receipt of Canary’s invoice.  In the event of a dispute regarding fees payable to Canary, 
the parties hereto agree to meet and discuss procedures to resolve such dispute in good faith. The fees are excusive 
of any applicable taxes, including any sales, use, excise, value-added, goods and services, consumption, and other 
similar taxes or duties. Each party will be responsible for its own tax liability in connection with the Services and this 
Agreement, provided that the parties will discuss in good faith any new taxes assessed on use of the Services. 
3. 
CANARY SERVICE OBLIGATIONS: 
a. 
Canary shall not at any time represent that it is authorized to make any contracts, agreements or 
obligations on behalf of Hotel or any of its affiliates, or owners thereof, and Canary shall not take any actions on behalf 
of Hotel or in Hotel’s name. Canary hereby covenants and agrees not to use the name(s) or other intellectual property 
of Hotel or its parent(s), their affiliates, subsidiaries, hotels or each of their owners, managers, licensees, franchisees or 
operators, or any variations thereof, in any manner or medium, including in connection with any of Canary's business 
or operations, except as specifically permitted under this Hotel Subscription Agreement or otherwise by Hotel, without 
the prior written approval of Hotel and, in the event of such approval, only in the manner and at such times as shall be 
prescribed in such approval.  
b. 
Hotel is subscribing to Canary’s Services in reliance upon Canary's certifications and representations 
of professional expertise in the field of such Services and ability to provide the required Services independently without 
substantial direction by Hotel.  The manner and means Canary employs to provide professional services under this 
Hotel Subscription Agreement are matters entirely within its discretion.  Canary represents and warrants that its 
Services will conform to the description of such services in this Hotel Subscription Agreement and the exhibits, 
attachments, schedules, addenda, amendments and statements of work hereto.  Canary further represents and 
warrants that it obtains information for inclusion in its databases from sources, which it considers reliable and that 
it segregates, aggregates and otherwise ensures the opacity of all Services at all times to ensure antitrust, 
competition law and intellectual property rights compliance of the Services.  
c. 
Canary represents and warrants that there are no agreements or arrangements, whether written or 
oral, that would be breached by Canary upon execution of this Hotel Subscription Agreement or that would impair or 
prevent Canary from rendering the Services to Hotel during the Term hereof and that it will remain in compliance with 
all such agreements or arrangements throughout the Term.  Canary further represents, warrants, covenants and agrees 
that it has and will maintain throughout the Term hereof all licenses, permits, certifications, agreements, consents and 
qualifications required by applicable law, industry standard or Hotel to perform its Services, and that it has not made 
