 
32 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Extended Stay America Premier Suites FDD (2025) 
Telecommunications Infrastructure 
You must install telecommunications infrastructure to support both guest phones and front desk phones. 
The telecommunications infrastructure equipment must be installed and/or certified by our preferred service 
providers. We estimate the cost of the required equipment and installation of the telecommunications 
infrastructure to be approximately $11,500-$16,500, excluding the room and hallway telephones.  
Telecommunications infrastructure breakage and replacement costs are your responsibility and costs will 
vary annually.   
You must also pay for (1) dedicated phone lines (2) inbound and outbound call routing through the SIP, (3) 
interactive voice response (“IVR”) system, and (4) voicemail, which are collectively estimated to be 
approximately $300-$500 per month for a Hotel and Enhanced 911 which is estimated to be approximately 
$35-$50 per month for a Hotel.  In addition, there may be a cost for 411 and international calls which is 
estimated to be approximately $1-$5 per month for a Hotel.   
Acquisition and Installation of Computer Systems 
We and/or our affiliates have entered into master service agreements with the preferred service providers 
for all required computer systems (including the property management system, revenue management 
system and centralized reservation system, credit card terminals and credit card processing). You must enter 
into an agreement with us under which we will manage the delivery and installation by third party vendors 
of reservation and property management systems the Hotel will use in its operations.  (Exhibit B to the 
Hotel Technology Agreement). You must pay us a Project Management Fee of $5,000 plus reimburse us 
for any additional third party expenses to provide these services.  Technical support for installation is 
included in the cost of the installation of these items. On-site technical support post-installation is generally 
billed on a case-by-case basis and the cost will vary depending on the market and location. You must pay 
us a site visit fee of $2,000 per visit, before we perform a site visit at your Hotel to review and certify your 
information technology infrastructure.  We may require up to 2 site visits for this purpose.  
PC Software and Support 
You must also acquire a PC that complies with our standards, runs our current approved version of 
Microsoft Windows, and is connected to the network. The cost to acquire a compliant PC is estimated to 
be approximately $1,000-$1,500. To support our security standards, you will be required to maintain 
software updates, anti-virus, malware and any network device firmware.  The annual cost for such 
maintenance is estimated to be between $0-$85 per device per year depending on whether you choose to 
use free Microsoft services provided as part of the OS license or purchase commercial software of your 
choosing. 
Property Management System 
You must purchase our approved PMS, which will enable the operator to use the computer system to take 
reservations, assign rooms at check-in, track room charges and activity, record accounts receivable, print 
management, marketing, housekeeping, and financial reports, scan drivers’ licenses and perform various 
other functions.   
You must license the PMS software from a third party we specify.  The license will cost approximately 
$2.20 per room per month.   Additionally, you must pay a hosting fee of $1.00/room/month, as well as a 
support fee of approximately $0.67/room/month. The cost of the hardware necessary to operate this system 
is approximately $3,500 per hotel, which includes 4 tablet computers, stands, an air-print capable printer, 
and an IoT device.  We estimate the cost to setup the PMS to be approximately $750. You pay these PMS 
setup and monthly amounts to us and we will then pay them to the supplier. Hardware breakage and 
replacement costs are your responsibility and will vary annually.   
