 
7 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Extended Stay America Premier Suites FDD (2025) 
v. SAS Institute Inc., et al., Case No. 4:24-cv-02537-JSW (“Dai”). The Northern District of Illinois granted 
this motion and, on December 13, 2024, In re Extended Stay Hotel Antitrust Litigation was transferred to 
the Northern District of California.  On January 13, 2025, the Northern District of California stayed all 
briefing on Defendants’ motion to dismiss in In re Extended Stay Hotel Antitrust Litigation pending the 
Court’s decision on the motion to dismiss In re Extended Stay Hotel Antitrust Litigation pending the Court’s 
decision on the motion to dismiss in Dai, which had been fully briefed.  The Northern District of California 
has not yet issued its decision on the motion to dismiss in Dai. The Company believes that these lawsuits 
are without merit and intends to vigorously defend against the claims. 
 
Andy Au, et al. v. Integrated Decisions and Systems, Inc. d/b/a Ideas Revenue Solutions, SAS 
Institute Inc., et al., Civil Action No. 1:24-cv-06324-JCD-BWJ (N.D. Ill.). On July 24, 2024, 
plaintiffs filed a putative class action complaint against Integrated Decisions and Systems, Inc. and 
several hotel companies including Extended Stay America, Inc in the Northern District of Illinois.  
Plaintiffs allege that the defendants violated the Sherman Act by using a common revenue 
management algorithm software operated by two of the defendants, IDeaS Revenue Solutions and 
SAS Institute, to set guest room rates and occupancy levels which purportedly resulted in the raising 
of guest room rates above competitive levels and artificial suppression of occupancy level at 
extended stay hotels. We deny the allegations and intend to vigorously defend our interests in this 
matter. 
 
Gonzalez, et al. v. Integrated Decisions and Systems, Inc. d/b/a IDeaS Revenue Solutions, et al., 
Civil Action No. 1:24-cv-08262 (N.D. Ill.). On September 10, 2024, plaintiffs filed a putative class 
action complaint against Integrated Decisions and Systems, Inc. and several hotel companies 
including Extended Stay America, Inc in the Northern District of Illinois.  Plaintiffs allege that the 
defendants violated the Sherman Act by using a common revenue management algorithm software 
operated by two of the defendants, IDeaS Revenue Solutions and SAS Institute, to set guest room 
rates and occupancy levels which purportedly resulted in the raising of guest room rates above 
competitive levels and artificial suppression of occupancy level at extended stay hotels. We deny 
the allegations and intend to vigorously defend our interests in this matter. 
 
Prior Actions 
 
Latreass “Lisa” Brittian v. ESA Management LLC, et al., Civil Action No. 3:22-cv-00663-MOC-DCK 
(W.D.N.C.)  On December 12, 2022, Brittian filed a class action complaint against several of our affiliates, 
a franchisee and the franchisee’s management company in the United States District Court for the Western 
District of North Carolina.  On February 3, 2023, she filed a corrected class action complaint and named 
ESH Strategies Franchise LLC as a defendant. Thereafter, we filed a motion for partial dismissal, and the 
Court granted our motion to dismiss her claim for violation of Georgia’s Uniform Deceptive Trade Practices 
Act.  In January 2024, she filed a First Amended Class Action Complaint, which named ESH Hospitality, 
Inc. as an additional defendant.  In her Amended Complaint, Plaintiff purported to bring claims individually, 
on behalf of a nationwide class, and on behalf of a Georgia Subclass relating to what she alleged is an unfair 
practice with respect to Extended Stay America branded hotels and a practice of denying guests 
accommodations and failing to provide such guests with refunds. She purported to bring two common law 
claims (Count I for breach of contract and Count II for unjust enrichment); one statutory claim arising under 
North Carolina Law (Count III for violation of North Carolina’s Unfair and Deceptive Trade Practices Act); 
and one statutory claim arising under Georgia law (Count IV for violation of Georgia’s Fair Business 
Practices Act). Plaintiff sought to certify a nationwide class as to Counts I through III and a Georgia subclass 
as to Count IV. She sought compensatory and general damages, special damages, restitution and 
disgorgement, injunctive relief and interest and attorneys’ fees and costs, in unspecified amounts.  On 
January 26, 2024, we filed on behalf of the served ESA Defendants a motion to dismiss Count I (the breach 
of contract claim).  The co-defendants filed a paper adopting our motion. Our motion to dismiss was denied 
