A-5 
Hyatt – 2025 Template FA 
1616961485.2
“F&B Operations Plan” means the plan for conducting and administering the F&B 
Operations at the Hotel that Franchisee prepares at Hyatt’s request and subject to Hyatt’s approval. 
“F&B Operator” means, if applicable, the restaurant operator or other operator of some 
or all F&B Operations at the Hotel, other than Franchisee or the Management Company. 
“FF&E” means all fixtures; equipment; furnishings; furniture; telephone systems; 
communications systems; copiers; signs; the Technology System and other property management, 
revenue optimization, in-room entertainment, and other computer and technology systems; and 
other similar items that Hyatt periodically specifies for the Hotel. 
“Force Majeure” means (a) compliance with the orders, requests or recommendations of 
any federal, state, or municipal government, unless such order, request or recommendation arises 
because of Hyatt’s or Franchisee’s failure to comply with any applicable law, regulation or 
ordinance; (b) fire, flood, accident, hurricane, or other calamity or act of God; (c) strikes, 
embargoes, war, civil disturbance, acts of terrorism or similar events; or (d) any other similar event 
or cause.   
“Franchisee Indemnified Parties” means Franchisee, its Affiliates, and its and their 
respective owners, officers, directors, managers, agents, employees, representatives, successors, 
and assigns.  
“Franchisee Organization Website” means a website that mentions the Hotel and other 
hotels in which Franchisee and its Affiliates have an interest as part of Franchisee’s and its 
Affiliates’ portfolio of properties and that has a primary purpose of promoting the entire portfolio 
(rather than only promoting the Hotel). 
“GDS” means the global distribution systems that Hyatt periodically authorizes or requires 
for Franchisee’s Hotel and other similarly situated Brand Hotels (subject to Reasonable 
Deviations). 
“Gross Rooms Revenue” means “Total Rooms Revenue,” or the equivalent thereof, as 
determined in accordance with the Uniform System of Accounts, plus any revenue from resort 
fees, destination fees, or similar mandatory charges.  If Franchisee receives any proceeds from any 
business interruption insurance applicable to the rental of rooms at the Hotel, then there shall be 
added to Gross Rooms Revenue an amount equal to the imputed gross revenues that the insurer 
used to calculate those proceeds.  Inclusion of resort fees, destination fees, or similar fees in “Gross 
Rooms Revenue” does not constitute approval of or authorization by Hyatt to charge such fees. 
“Ground Lessor” means any person or entity (including any Affiliate of Franchisee) that, 
directly or through one or more other people or entities, leases or subleases all or any part of the 
Hotel’s real property or improvements to Franchisee or that otherwise has any fee simple 
ownership or leasehold interest in the Site or the Hotel. 
“Guarantor” means each individual or entity who from time to time guarantees 
Franchisee’s obligations under this Agreement. 
