Hyatt Regency 2025-2026 FDD 
1615748655.3 
Item 1 
THE FRANCHISOR AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS, AND AFFILIATES 
To simplify the language in this disclosure document, “we,” “us” or “our” means Hyatt 
Franchising, L.L.C., the franchisor.  “You” means the entity acquiring a franchise.  One or more 
of the owners of a Controlling Ownership Interest (defined in Item 15) in you who we specify must 
sign the Guaranty and Assumption of Obligations, which means that all provisions of the Franchise 
Agreement (Exhibit C) also will apply to those owners.  We expect that only entities, and not 
individuals, will acquire our franchises. 
Our Company History and Parent 
We incorporated in Delaware as Hyatt Franchise Corporation and converted under 
Delaware law to Hyatt Franchising, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company.  This change in 
form did not affect our existence as an operating business entity.  Our principal business address 
is 150 North Riverside Plaza, Chicago, Illinois 60606.  If we have an agent for service of process 
in your state, we disclose that agent in Exhibit E.  We do business only under our company name 
and the Proprietary Marks (defined below).  We have never operated Brand Hotels (defined below), 
but some of our affiliates do.  We have no predecessors and no business activities that are not 
described here.   
Our parent company is Hyatt Hotels Corporation, whose principal business address is the 
same as our address.  We offered franchises for Brand Hotels from December 1994 until April 
1997 and have again offered those franchises since September 2006.  We offered franchises for 
full service hotels under the Hyatt® name (without a sub-brand) from December 1994 until April 
1997 and again from September 2006 until January 2015.  We previously offered (but no longer 
intend to offer) franchises for full service hotels under the Thompson® name from December 2018 
to August 2021.  There currently are 9 full service hotels which operate under the Hyatt name 
(without a sub-brand), 7 of which are franchised.  We also have offered franchises for full service 
hotels operating under the Hyatt Centric® name since February 2015 and franchises for unique, 
up-scale accommodations and hospitality affiliations operating in the United States under their 
own names but associated with The Unbound Collection by Hyatt® name since June 2016.  We 
began offering franchises for “lifestyle” hotels operating in the United States under the brand 
names “Destination®” and “joie de vivre®” (also referred to as “JdV®”) in May 2019 and under 
the brand name “Caption by Hyatt®” in September 2019.  We now refer to these brands as 
“Destination by Hyatt®, “JdV by Hyatt®” and “Caption by Hyatt®” respectively.  We have 
offered franchises for upper-midscale, extended stay hotels operating in the United States under 
the brand name “Hyatt Studios™” since May 2023.  We have never offered franchises in any other 
line of business. 
Franchise Rights for Brand Hotels 
We grant franchises for, and some of our affiliates operate, full service hotels that use the 
Hotel System (defined below) and are identified by the Proprietary Marks (“Brand Hotels”).  Brand 
