64 
Hyatt Regency 2025-2026 FDD 
1615748655.3 
applicable System Standards.  You must provide, or cause the management company to provide, 
all brand standard training programs to the F&B Operator and Spa Operator (if the Hotel has Spa 
Operations) that we periodically specify.  If the F&B Operator or Spa Operator at any time fails to 
operate in full compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations and all applicable System 
Standards, or fails to comply with any agreement with us, then, without limiting our other rights 
and remedies under the Franchise Agreement and applicable law, we may revoke our approval of 
the F&B Operator or Spa Operator (as applicable).  You then must promptly terminate your 
arrangement with the F&B Operator or Spa Operator and either assume (if we approve you to 
manage the Hotel) or have your approved management company assume direct control of the 
Hotel’s F&B Operations or Spa Operations (as applicable) or engage another approved F&B 
Operator or Spa Operator we approve. 
At our option, before any of the Hotel’s Core Management are engaged, you must submit 
to us the proposed candidate’s identity and qualifications.  If the general manager fails to ensure 
that the Hotel satisfies our quality assurance requirements and other brand standards, then we may 
require you (or your approved management company) to hire a new general manager for the Hotel.  
You or the management company (as applicable) is solely responsible for hiring the Core 
Management and other Hotel personnel and determining the terms and conditions of their 
employment.  You (or your approved management company or F&B Operator) must hire and 
properly train all Core Management personnel and have a Core Management team in place at the 
Hotel at all times.  Also, all members of the Hotel’s Core Management must spend all of their 
working time at the Hotel fulfilling their management and operational responsibilities and may not 
concurrently maintain a position at another lodging facility or in any other capacity related to the 
lodging industry. 
If you or your approved management company choose to retain a revenue manager for the 
Hotel, we must certify the revenue manager within 90 days after the revenue manager’s date of 
hire or, if already employed by you or your approved management company, within 90 days after 
the date the revenue manager begins providing revenue management services to the Hotel.  
Revenue managers must: (a) provide revenue management services to no more than 20 Brand 
Hotels; (b) meet our then current qualification criteria and complete all required revenue 
management training courses to our satisfaction; and (c) have authorized access to our reservation 
system and the other systems and software necessary to perform revenue management functions.  
Although you may retain third parties to consult on revenue management matters, only you, a 
management company we approve, or a certified revenue manager employed by you or your 
approved management company can access our revenue management systems and the data 
contained in our revenue management systems. 
A Core Management team who has satisfactorily completed our initial training program 
must devote all of its business time to supervising the Hotel’s day-to-day operations.  Your Hotel’s 
general manager and other Core Management personnel need not have an equity interest in the 
Hotel or in you.   
Guaranty and Guarantor Monetary Threshold 
We expect that only business entities, and not individuals, will sign our Franchise 
Agreement.  You must cause one or more of the direct and indirect owners (whether they are 
