26 
Hyatt Regency 2025-2026 FDD 
1615748655.3 
Hyatt Group deems appropriate in its discretion.  The Hyatt Group may periodically allocate the 
Commercial Services Fee as a fixed charge, percentage charge, direct billback, or any other 
combination of multiple allocation methodologies.  The Hyatt Group may spend in any year more 
or less than the total Commercial Services Fee contributions in that year, but will use all 
Commercial Services Fees collected for Commercial Services. 
7. 
Digital Acquisition Fee.  We currently charge the Hotel and other Participating 
Hotels the “Digital Acquisition Fee” to help drive bookings through the Hyatt Group’s online 
direct booking channels (the “Digital Channels”).  The Digital Channels currently are the Hotel 
System Website and any Hyatt-branded website or mobile app (such as the World of Hyatt app).  
You must pay the Digital Acquisition Fee on the subset of Gross Rooms Revenue resulting from 
reservations that are generated through the Digital Channels, whether directly or via a link from 
another platform, such as a search engine advertisement, social media page, or any Franchisee 
Organization Website.  We may, in our sole judgment and subject to change, exclude certain types 
of bookings that originate through Digital Channels for purposes of calculating the Digital 
Acquisition Fee and certain portions of Gross Rooms Revenue that is generated through the Digital 
Channels, such as the Upsell Revenue (defined below).  Digital Channels do not include 
reservations placed through external sources, such as online travel agencies (e.g., priceline.com 
and expedia.com) or through Hyatt-managed channels that are not digital in nature, such as 
reservations placed via telephone calls to our global contact center. 
8. 
GDS and Other Reservations Services.  In addition to the global contact centers, 
the costs of which the Hyatt Group allocates to each Participating Hotel as part of the Commercial 
Services Fee, GDSs accept reservations for Participating Hotels and confirm the reservations with 
the Hyatt Group through the central reservations center.  The Hyatt Group incurs a reservations 
fee for each reservation that these supplemental reservations systems accept, which currently 
averages approximately $8.50 per reservation, and the Hyatt Group passes on the charge to the 
hotel receiving the reservation at cost without imposing a markup or receiving a profit.
The Commercial Services Fee and these other reservation services fees include some of the 
current charges from providers of products or services for the Hotel, including the then current 
CRS operator (if applicable), the then current GDS and ADS operators (if applicable), and other 
suppliers to the Hotel, which may include us and/or our affiliates (collectively, “Providers”), that 
we currently collect from franchisees and pay (on their behalf) to the Providers.  If any Provider 
assesses a single or group fee or other charge that covers all or a group of Brand Hotels or other 
Hyatt Network Hotels to which that Provider provides products or services, then our calculation 
of that fee or other charge among the Hotel and other Participating Hotels is final.  The Providers 
may periodically increase the fees and other charges they impose.  At our option, you must begin 
paying these fees and other charges directly to the applicable Provider(s). 
9. 
Mandatory Contracts.  The Hyatt Group periodically enters into relationships with 
vendors or providers of services that may require mandatory participation by all or certain subsets 
of Participating Hotels, such as certain contracts provided through Avendra, LLC, credit card 
acceptance agreements, music license agreements and certain telecommunications agreements.  
While the Hyatt Group does not receive any fees, rebates or commissions under these mandatory 
contracts, certain of the mandatory contracts may provide for promotional or other allowances that 
the Hyatt Group then allocates among Participating Hotels, as the Hyatt Group determines or the 
