4 
1616961488.2 
(a) Cause qualified and professionally licensed third party consultants expert in the 
commissioning of fire and life safety and MEP systems to test, balance and commission such 
systems, and to issue written reports to Franchisee and Hyatt certifying that they have tested, 
balanced and commissioned such systems and that such systems are fully operational and 
ready for use (such reports to be received by Hyatt prior to final review by Hyatt of the 
Project and turnover of the Hotel in accordance with the Franchise Agreement). 
(b) Provide Hyatt with certification from a qualified, professionally licensed independent 
structural engineer or firm, certifying that the Hotel building as designed and constructed 
meets or exceeds all applicable structural requirements, including without limitation seismic, 
wind, storm and flood, and all other applicable Legal Requirements. 
(c) Ensure that Franchisee’s Consultants and contractors conduct a final work list and punch list 
survey of the Project and correct all defects prior to requesting final review and Approval of 
the Project by Hyatt.  Upon correction of all defects and completion of all remaining work 
items identified on the punch list, Franchisee shall provide Hyatt with a copy of the punch 
list signed by the Consultants and contractors reflecting that such work has been completed 
to Hyatt’s satisfaction, and shall request a final review of the Project by Hyatt.   
3. 
PLANS, SPECIFICATIONS, AND DESIGNS 
Any changes in or departures from the agreed plans, or such other items must be Approved by 
Hyatt, unless such changes are so minor as to have no impact on the quality, character and 
operation of the Hotel (and in the case of such minor changes, no Approval by Hyatt is necessary).  
Hyatt may withhold its consent to any and all departures from the Approved concepts, plans, layout 
specifications, drawings or designs, or such other items to be Approved by Hyatt, in its sole 
discretion, if Hyatt determines that such departure will cause the Hotel to fail to adhere to the 
Design and Construction Standards. 
To the extent that any of the matters in this Section 3 involve compliance with the Design and 
Construction Standards, Franchisee shall cause its Consultants and contractors to implement the 
direction provided by Hyatt during the review process in order to ensure that the Project complies 
with the Design and Construction Standards. 
Franchisee’s contracts with all Consultants and contractors shall provide that all concepts, plans, 
specifications and designs, and any changes thereto or departures therefrom subsequently made, 
shall be submitted for Approval to Franchisee and Hyatt prior to implementation.  Franchisee 
acknowledges that Hyatt’s design and construction reviews shall not consist of a Peer Review, but 
rather are intended only to assist Franchisee and its Consultants in complying with their 
obligations.  Such reviews do not relieve Franchisee or its Consultants of their responsibility to 
determine the completeness and coordination of their documents and to ensure that the design and 
construction of the Project comply with applicable Legal Requirements.  Peer Review shall be 
conducted by third party professional consultants retained by Franchisee to review the 
Consultants’ work. 
