3 
Hyatt 2025 Hosting Agmt 
1616961487.2
4.
Services 
a.
General. Schedule 1 specifies the Hosted System to be provided by Hyatt in connection with the 
performance of the Services hereunder. The Hosted System shall be installed at the Facility. As of and from the 
Effective Date and continuing throughout the Term, Hyatt will be responsible for daily management, monitoring, 
operation and maintenance of the Hosted System within the Facility, for the benefit of Owner and its Authorized 
Users, in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement (with the exception of maintenance for the 
Property Management System which maintenance is governed by the License Agreement).  Should such maintenance 
require a temporary disruption of any Services, Hyatt shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide Owner two 
(2) weeks advance notice of such scheduled maintenance.  The current maintenance schedule is set forth in 
Schedule 2.  Hyatt shall update such schedule as applicable. Should any disruption be required outside of the agreed 
maintenance window (for example, for a critical incident), Hyatt shall provide Owner with prompt notice of such 
emergency maintenance. Hyatt will make every commercially reasonable effort to make any such disruptions as brief 
as possible and to schedule any such disruptions during the scheduled maintenance window. 
b.
Hotel Environment. Owner acknowledges and agrees that the performance of the Services may be 
dependent upon Owner providing, at its sole cost and expense, all of the elements of the Hotel Environment. Owner 
waives any claims including but not limited to warranty claims against Hyatt, to the extent arising from Owner’s 
failure to provide a hardware and software environment that complies with the Hotel Environment requirements. 
c.
Restrictions. 
Owner may only use the Hosted System and Services for Owner’s business at the 
Property. Owner will not make any representations or warranties on behalf of Hyatt that are inconsistent with the 
terms of this Agreement.  Owner’s failure to use the Property Management System, Third Party Software, Hosted 
Hardware, Hosted System, or Services shall not relieve Owner of any of its obligations hereunder, including without 
limitation payment obligations. Owner may not loan, rent, lease, resell, transfer, convey, assign or license the 
Services to any other party or sell information services to other parties through the use of the Property Management 
System, Hosted Systems or Service, whether in the form of a service bureau, reservation center, or other information 
processing entity.   
d.
Personnel.  Services may be rendered by an employee or subcontractor of Hyatt or its Affiliate who 
(a) is not solely dedicated to the Property, and may perform similar services for other hotels; (b) may perform 
Services at the Property or off-site; and (c) will conform to the reasonable rules and regulations of the Property when 
on Property premises. 
5.
Term.  
This Agreement is effective upon the Effective Date, and shall expire twelve (12) months from the Effective 
Date (the “Initial Term”), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms hereof. Thereafter, this Agreement 
shall automatically renew for successive 12-month renewal periods (each, a “Renewal Term” and, together with the 
Initial Term, the “Term”) unless written notice of termination is provided by either Party to the other Party at least 
ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or the then-applicable Renewal Term. 
6.
Payments and Terms. 
a.
Payment. In consideration of the Services to be provided by Hyatt to Owner under this 
Agreement, Owner shall pay Hyatt the Fees in accordance with the applicable Order.  Unless otherwise expressly 
set forth in the applicable Order, all Fees will be invoiced and payable in U.S. Dollars.  If Owner fails to make any 
payment when due then, in addition to all other remedies that may be available, Hyatt may charge interest on the 
past due amount at the rate of 1.5% per month calculated daily and compounded monthly or, if lower, the highest 
rate permitted under applicable law.  
b.
Fee Guidance.  The fee for the Services is intended to cover the costs for Hyatt to provide the 
Services.  The fee for such Services will be calculated in the same manner as the fee charged to hotels managed by a 
Hyatt Affiliate that are receiving similar services.    
