60 
Hyatt Regency 2025-2026 FDD 
1615748655.3 
We will reimburse you for all damages and expenses that you incur in any trademark 
infringement proceeding disputing your authorized use of any Proprietary Mark if you have timely 
notified us of, and comply with our directions in responding to, the proceeding.  We will defend 
you in the proceeding and, at our option, we and/or our affiliate(s) may defend and control the 
defense of any proceeding arising from your use of any Proprietary Mark. 
Item 14 
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION 
No patents or pending patent applications are material to the franchise.  We and our 
affiliates claim copyright protection for the Copyrighted Materials.  We have not registered these 
Copyrighted Materials with the United States Copyright Office but need not do so at this time in 
order to protect them.  You must follow our rules when using the Copyrighted Materials.  You 
may use the Copyrighted Materials only as we specify to operate the Hotel under the Franchise 
Agreement. 
You must notify us immediately of any apparent infringement or challenge to your use of 
any Copyrighted Materials or Confidential Information, or of any person’s claim of any rights in 
any Copyrighted Materials or Confidential Information, and not communicate with any person 
other than us, our affiliates, and our and their attorneys, and your attorneys, regarding any 
infringement, challenge, or claim.  We and our affiliates may take the action we and they deem 
appropriate (including no action) and control exclusively any litigation or administrative 
proceeding arising from any infringement, challenge, or claim or otherwise concerning any 
Copyrighted Materials or Confidential Information.  You must sign any documents and take any 
other reasonable actions that, in the opinion of our and our affiliates’ attorneys, are necessary or 
advisable to protect and maintain our and our affiliates’ interests in any litigation or other 
proceeding or otherwise to protect and maintain our and our affiliates’ interests in the Copyrighted 
Materials and Confidential Information.  We will reimburse your reasonable out-of-pocket costs 
for taking any requested action. 
We need not participate in your defense nor indemnify you for damages and expenses you 
incur if you are a party to any administrative or judicial proceeding involving any Copyrighted 
Materials or if the proceeding is resolved unfavorably to you.  If it becomes advisable at any time 
in our sole judgment for you to modify or discontinue using any of the Copyrighted Materials 
and/or for you to use one or more additional or substitute copyrighted or copyrightable items, you 
must immediately comply with our directions. 
There are no effective material determinations of, or pending material proceedings before, 
the PTO, the United States Copyright Office, or any court involving the Copyrighted Materials.  
We do not know of any infringement of the Copyrighted Materials that could materially affect 
you.  No agreement significantly limits our right to use or license the Copyrighted Materials. 
You will sign the Confidentiality Agreement while we and you are evaluating whether to 
start a franchise relationship.  You must keep confidential all information concerning development 
plans for particular sites or markets and information concerning our plans, strategies, operations, 
