6 
Hyatt Regency 2025-2026 FDD 
1615748655.3 
(i) offer facilities without discriminating against persons with disabilities; (ii) offer auxiliary aids 
and services to enable a person with a disability to use and enjoy the establishment’s goods or 
services if doing so is not unduly burdensome or disruptive to business; and (iii) remove barriers 
to mobility or communication to the extent readily achievable.  The U.S. Department of Justice 
has published “accessibility guidelines” (“ADAAG”) that specify, among other things, a minimum 
number of handicapped-accessible rooms, assistance devices for hearing, speech, and visually 
impaired persons, and general design and construction standards that apply to all areas of facilities.  
Under the ADA, all new public accommodations and commercial facilities must be “readily 
accessible to and useable by individuals with disabilities,” unless it would be structurally 
impractical to do so.  Alterations of existing facilities also might need to comply with the ADA 
and ADAAG.  In addition, many states and municipalities have their own laws and regulations 
addressing disability discrimination, access requirements, building modifications and alterations 
and building code requirements. 
Fire Safety.  The Hotel and Motel Safety Act of 1990 (the “Safety Act”) encourages public 
accommodations to install hard wired single-station smoke detectors.  Certain travel directories 
include only those facilities that comply with the Safety Act.  Other state and local fire and life 
safety codes might require maps, lighting systems and other safety measures unique to lodging 
facilities. 
OSHA Regulations.  Like many other businesses, lodging facilities are subject to 
Occupational Safety and Health Administration (“OSHA”) standards.  State occupational safety 
laws and rules may also apply. 
Telephone Charges.  Federal, state and local laws and regulations affect the re-offering of 
local, intrastate, and long distance telephone service in hotel guest rooms and at coin box 
telephones.  Some states regulate or prohibit surcharges on local and intrastate calls. 
Hotel Room Occupancy Tax Laws.  You may be required to pay local or state room 
occupancy taxes in your jurisdiction. 
Menu and Labeling Laws.  Federal, state and local laws and regulations govern menu 
labeling.  These laws and regulations may, among other things, require you to post caloric 
information on menus and provide additional written nutrition information to consumers upon 
request. 
In addition to these laws, you must also comply with laws that apply generally to all 
businesses.  You should investigate these laws. 
[Item 2 begins on next page]
