A-4 
Hyatt – 2025 Template FA 
1616961485.2
“Copyrighted Materials” means all copyrightable materials that Hyatt or its Affiliate 
periodically develops and Hyatt periodically designates for use in connection with the Hotel 
System, including the contents of Hyatt’s secure extranet, electronic media, marketing materials 
(including advertising, marketing, promotional, public relations materials and business and 
marketing plans), the Design and Construction Standards, sample architectural plans, drawings, 
designs, and layouts such as, without limitation, site, floor, plumbing, lobby, electrical, and 
landscape plans and building designs, whether or not registered with the U.S. Copyright Office. 
“Core Management” means the management positions for the Hotel as listed in Exhibit 
B-1. 
“CPI Increase” means the amount to be adjusted multiplied by a fraction, the numerator 
of which is the Consumer Price Index for all Urban Consumers for All Items, as published by the 
U.S. Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics (the “Base Index”) as of the first day of the 
calendar month during which the increase is to take effect, and the denominator of which is the 
Base Index in effect on the Effective Date or used for the most recent increase (whichever is later).  
If the Base Index is no longer published, Hyatt may designate another reasonably comparable 
index for calculating changes in the cost of living or purchasing power for consumers. 
“CRS” means the central reservations system and related services for Brand Hotels, as 
Hyatt may periodically modify it. 
“Damage Threshold” means the greater of (a) sixty percent (60%) of the market value of 
the Hotel immediately prior to the time of fire, flood, accident, hurricane or other casualty, or 
(b) the amount of insurance proceeds made available to Franchisee in connection with the casualty.   
“Data Breach” means an actual or suspected breach of security or unauthorized access of 
Guest Information or other information from the Hotel’s property management system or other 
computer system database. 
“Design and Construction Standards” means the standards that Hyatt periodically 
prescribes detailing certain design criteria to be incorporated into the design and layout of the 
Hotel, and Hyatt’s minimum standards for engineering and construction of newly constructed, 
renovated, or adapted Brand Hotels, including refreshing the Hotel according to periodic, 
scheduled upgrades, all as Hyatt determines them. 
“Effective Date” means the date listed on page one of this Agreement, regardless of the 
date upon which Hyatt and Franchisee sign this Agreement. 
“F&B Operations” means all food and beverage operations for Hotel guests and patrons 
consisting of the following (in each case, to the extent applicable):  (a) restaurant, dining, bar, 
lounge, and retail food and beverage services; (b) banquet, meeting, event, catering (including 
outside catering), and room services; (c) a multi-functional service area that serves coffee and 
breakfast, lunch and dinner menu items, and alcoholic beverages; (d) grab-and-go food and 
beverage items available for purchase in a Hotel market; (e) a communal area serving as a 
combination restaurant, bar, coffee shop and workplace; (f) a standalone restaurant and/or rooftop 
bar; and (g) all other food, beverage and related services at the Hotel. 
