31 
Hyatt Regency 2025-2026 FDD 
1615748655.3 
even exceed the high end) in those jurisdictions that consider a liquor license to be an asset.  You 
may be able to apply for a full spirits liquor license and pay standard costs for this license that 
would be on the lower end of the estimate.  However, if your property is located in a “quota” city 
or state, you might need to locate and purchase a full spirits liquor license on the open market, 
which could mean your anticipated costs are on the mid-to-high range of this cost estimate.  If you 
purchase a liquor license on the open market, you may be able to re-sell your liquor license in 
those jurisdictions to another licensee if you sell your Hotel.  The liquor license that you apply for 
or purchase must include beer, wine and full spirits, as allowable under applicable law in the 
Hotel’s jurisdiction.  If you engage a third party to be the F&B Operator (defined in Item 8), 
depending on the jurisdiction, you might not need a liquor license.
9. 
Miscellaneous pre-opening costs.  This item includes costs for office and other 
supplies, wages for Hotel management and employees before opening and other miscellaneous 
pre-paid opening expenses, as well as estimated amounts you may pay to us or our affiliates for 
optional training or consulting services.   
10. 
Additional funds – 3 months.  This item estimates your initial start-up expenses 
(other than the items identified separately in the table).  These expenses include payroll costs for 
the Hotel’s personnel but not any management fees or similar draw.  These figures are estimates, 
and we cannot guarantee that you will not have additional expenses starting the business.  Your 
costs depend on how closely you follow our methods and procedures; your management skill, 
experience, and business acumen; local economic conditions; the local market for the Hotel’s 
services; the prevailing wage rate; competition; and the sales level reached during the initial period. 
11. 
Total estimated initial investment (excluding real estate costs).  The estimated 
amounts presented in the table above are to construct a new, full-size Brand Hotel with 250 to 
1,000 guest rooms, according to the Design and Construction Standards and the Hotel System.  We 
relied on our affiliates’ experience in developing and operating hotels since 1957 to compile the 
estimate for additional funds and other figures.  You should review these figures carefully with a 
business advisor before deciding to acquire the franchise.  Except as described in Item 10, we do 
not offer financing directly or indirectly for any part of the initial investment.  The availability and 
terms of financing depend on many factors, including the availability of financing generally, your 
creditworthiness and collateral, and lending policies of financial institutions from which you 
request a loan.  The estimate does not include any finance charge, interest, or debt service 
obligations.  Except for a portion of the Application Fee that we will refund if we do not approve 
the application, no amounts in the chart are refundable. 
Brand Hotels typically are in primary markets at suburban, airport, highway and center city 
sites.  They will typically occupy property of 2 to 10 acres, but the amount of land the Hotel 
requires will vary greatly depending upon local building codes, setback requirements, parking 
requirements and similar factors.  Leasing or purchase costs vary widely and depend on geographic 
location, size, visibility, local rental rates, other businesses in the area, other local economic 
conditions, the site’s market potential, the type of ownership or leasehold interest and other factors.  
Because of these factors, this table does not estimate the costs for the Hotel’s rent or security 
deposit or the purchase price for the building or land on which the Hotel is located (if you decide 
to buy, rather than lease, the land and/or premises). 
