3 
Hyatt 2025 CA 
1616175306.2
9.
Remedies and Waiver. The parties hereby acknowledge the importance of complying with the provisions of 
this Agreement. Therefore, the parties agree that money damages, which the parties agree would be substantial, would 
not be a sufficient remedy for any breach of this Agreement, and a party shall be entitled, in addition to money 
damages, to specific performance and injunctive relief and any other appropriate equitable remedies for any such 
breach.  The party at fault agrees not to oppose the granting of equitable relief on grounds that damages are sufficient, 
and agrees not to require that the other party prove that damages are insufficient in order to obtain equitable relief or 
the posting of a bond.  The party at fault agrees to waive, and to cause its Representatives to waive, any requirement 
for the securing or posting of any bond in connection with such remedy.  Such remedies shall not be deemed to be the 
exclusive remedies for a breach of this Agreement, but shall be in addition to all other remedies available at law or in 
equity to a party.  THE PARTIES WAIVE THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY SUCH DISPUTE.  The 
prevailing party in any dispute regarding the enforcement of this Agreement shall be entitled to reasonable legal 
fees and expenses, which such prevailing party incurred in connection with such enforcement.   
10.
Compulsion by Law.  If a receiving party is requested or required (by oral questions, interrogations, 
requests for information or documents, subpoena, civil investigative demand or similar process) to disclose any 
Confidential Information, the receiving party shall, to the extent legally permissible, provide the disclosing party 
with immediate notice of such request(s) so that the disclosing party may seek an appropriate protective order 
and/or waive compliance with the provisions of this Agreement. The receiving party agrees to cooperate with the 
disclosing party, at the disclosing party’s expense, in obtaining such a protective order. If the receiving party does 
not obtain such protective order or other remedy, the receiving party agrees to furnish only that portion of the 
Confidential Information which, in the opinion of the receiving party’s counsel, the receiving party is legally 
compelled to disclose and the receiving party agrees to use its reasonable efforts to obtain assurance that, to the 
extent possible, confidential treatment will be accorded the Confidential Information. 
11.
Relationship.  Nothing herein contained shall be construed to create an agency, joint venture, partnership 
or other form of business association between Hyatt, Company, and their respective affiliates, related companies, 
partners, employees, directors, officers, legal counsel, consultants or accountants hereto.  By receiving the 
Confidential Information, neither party nor their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, prospective 
lenders, consultants, or principals are under any obligation to negotiate in respect of a transaction with respect to 
the Property or Business, the parties will not be bound by any verbal agreement, and either party may terminate 
at any time discussions with the other party, its officers, directors, employees, agents, prospective lenders or 
principals, at its sole and absolute discretion.  
12.
Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be 
deemed an original, and all of which, when taken together, shall be deemed one agreement, but no counterpart 
shall be binding unless an identical counterpart shall have been executed and delivered by each of the other parties 
hereto. Documents executed, scanned and transmitted electronically in PDF format and/or electronic signatures 
shall be deemed original signatures for purposes of this Agreement and all matters related thereto, with such 
scanned and electronic signatures having the same legal effect as original signatures.  
13.
Governing Laws.  This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the 
State of New York and the laws of the United States applicable therein. 
14.
Jurisdiction.  For the purposes of all legal proceedings, this Agreement will be deemed to have been 
performed in the State of New York and the courts of the State of New York will have jurisdiction to entertain 
any action arising under this Agreement.  The parties hereby attorn to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of 
New York.   
15.
Notice.  Any notice required under this Agreement to be given by either party to the other party shall be 
in writing in the English language.  Any required notice shall be served by sending the same (a) via personal 
delivery thereof to, and actual receipt by, the other party; (b) upon facsimile or electronic mail transmission to the 
