A-6 
1616961488.2 
that to do so is feasible without compromising the Design and Construction 
Standards 

Review of food and beverage and spa concepts. 
3.2.
Hyatt reserves the right to withhold approval of any FF&E items that: 

Exceed the approved FF&E budget 

Are operationally incorrect or unsuitable or do not meet Design and Construction 
Standards 

Do not meet Hyatt product specifications or design minimum standards 
4.
CONSTRUCTION PHASE AND PREPARATION FOR OPERATIONS 
4.1.
Hyatt may, for the purpose of ensuring compliance with the approved design 
documentation and minimum standards, engage in the following activities:  

Undertake site visits in an amount and on a schedule as mutually agreed by 
Franchisee and Hyatt, together with provision of reports and recommendations 

Request, as is reasonably diligent, the submittals of subcontractors’ shop drawings 
and supply specifications together with the relevant consultants’ review comments 
and recommendations 

Provide comments, as appropriate for design intent only, on select shop drawings 
and supply specifications 

Liaise with appointed Project Manager on site progress, scheduling and the 
inspection sequencing and the preparation for the operation of the Hotel 

Coordinate the pre-opening inspection of fire and life safety systems by a 
consultant that is pre-qualified by Hyatt, at Franchisee’s expense 

Review and comment on system, equipment, material, and manufacturer vendor 
selections and submittals, especially for critical systems/equipment including, but 
not limited to, chillers, boilers, emergency generators, transformers, fire detection 
and alarm systems, building automation systems, security systems, elevators and 
escalators, lighting control systems, audio/visual systems, voice and data systems, 
TV systems, water treatment systems, air handling systems, etc. 
5.
FIRE AND LIFE SAFETY SYSTEMS AND MEP TESTING & 
COMMISSIONING 
5.1.
Franchisee shall ensure that all fire and life safety and MEP systems and 
components are completed, tested and commissioned in preparation for Hyatt’s 
inspection prior to commencement of Hotel operations.  A timetable detailing the 
dates and duration of each system’s and components’ testing and commissioning 
period shall be submitted to Hyatt to allow the attendance and witnessing of all 
testing and commissioning procedures by the relevant consultants and Hyatt. 
5.2.
Hyatt will not be able to approve any fire and life safety and MEP system or 
component that has not been fully tested and commissioned with recorded results.  
