21 
Hyatt Regency 2025-2026 FDD 
1615748655.3 
any additional required payments) equal to the same amounts that we would have received if the 
additional tax liability or withholding had not been imposed or required. 
Explanatory Notes to All Charts 
1. 
Gross Rooms Revenue, Gross F&B Revenue and Royalty Fee.  “Gross Rooms 
Revenue” means “Total Rooms Revenue” or its equivalent, as determined in accordance with the 
Uniform System of Accounts for the Lodging Industry, Eleventh Edition, as published by the 
Educational Institute of the American Hotel and Motel Association, 2014, or a later edition that 
we approve (the “Uniform System of Accounts”), plus any revenue from resort fees, destination 
fees, or similar mandatory charges.  If you receive any proceeds from any business interruption 
insurance applicable to the rental of rooms at the Hotel, then there will be added to Gross Rooms 
Revenue an amount equal to the imputed gross revenues that the insurer used to calculate those 
proceeds.  Inclusion of resort fees, destination fees, or similar fees in “Gross Rooms Revenue” 
does not constitute our approval of or authorization to charge those fees.  “Gross F&B Revenue” 
means “Total F&B Revenue” or its equivalent, as determined in accordance with the Uniform 
System of Accounts.  If you receive any proceeds from any business interruption insurance 
applicable to the F&B Operations, then there will be added to Gross F&B Revenue an amount 
equal to the imputed gross revenues that the insurer used to calculate those proceeds.  Your Royalty 
Fee will be 6% of Gross Rooms Revenue accrued during the previous month and 3% of Gross 
F&B Revenue accrued during the previous month.  If you are constructing a new Hotel, we may 
agree to reduce your Royalty Fee for the first 1-3 years of the Hotel’s operations. 
2. 
Electronic Payments.  You must make all payments for Royalty Fees, System 
Services Charges and other amounts due to us or any member of the Hyatt Group under the 
Franchise Agreement or relating to the Hotel by electronic funds transfer (“EFT”) in compliance 
with System Standards.  We periodically may change the procedure for payments.  You must make 
funds available in your account to cover payments when due.  You may not change your bank, 
financial institution, or account used in the operation of the Hotel without first telling us.   
3. 
World of Hyatt Program.  Brand Hotels must participate in, and pay all charges 
related to, the Hyatt Group’s frequent guest loyalty program (the “Loyalty Program”), called the 
“World of Hyatt” program.  The Hyatt Group assesses each Participating Hotel and certain other 
hotels an amount in the Hyatt Group’s discretion to operate the Loyalty Program, which amount 
may change periodically.  The assessment for each participating Brand Hotel (including the Hotel)  
is currently 4.5% of all eligible revenue generated at that hotel from members of the program 
(excluding applicable taxes) who provide their World of Hyatt member number when booking or 
2.25% of that eligible revenue when a guest is enrolled on-property in World of Hyatt for that 
enrolling stay.  
 Under separate contractual arrangements, the following companies will participate in 
alliances with the World of Hyatt program in 2025:  (i) the master licensee for Hyatt Residence 
Club and Hyatt Vacation Club, our shared ownership brands; (ii) HyCard, Inc., our affiliate (in 
relation with JPMorgan Chase Bank, the issuing company of the World of Hyatt credit cards); (iii) 
American Airlines; and (iv) Headspace, Inc.  The Hyatt Group may allocate assessments for these 
programs at different rates than those applied to Brand Hotels, given the difference in the products 
and services being offered to Loyalty Program members.  Owners of Participating Hotels bear no 
