A-2 
1616961488.2 
Key Milestones
Additional Comments 
Hotel Preliminary Opening Schedule 
Presentation To Franchisee
Handover KOM With Franchisee and 
Operations
Testing And Commissioning 
Pre-Condition to moving on-
site
FLS Inspection 
Pre-Condition to moving on-
site
Pre-Opening Period - On site 
Any omissions or items not specifically referenced in a Hyatt report does not constitute an 
Approval or Approval of missing Preliminary Area Program or the Design and Construction 
Standards.  All Site visits are for the purpose of reviewing the general contractor’s 
implementation of the Design and Construction Standards into the final building for the Project. 
Hyatt will conduct some or all of the following activities as part of Hyatt’s review of 
Franchisee’s design and construction process for the Hotel:  
A.
Provide, communicate and interpret the Design and Construction Standards for 
Franchisee and Franchisee’s Consultants during all phases of the Project. 
B.
Review the Development Timetable and Franchisee’s project budget for the Project 
prepared by Franchisee for completeness and reasonableness. 
C.
Attend design meetings and make periodic observations of the work throughout the 
Project in accordance with the Development Timetable Approved by Franchisee 
and Hyatt to advise and provide guidance to Franchisee and its Consultants in 
complying with the Design and Construction Standards. 
D.
Provide operational and technical assistance to Franchisee in developing the Hotel 
in conformity with the Preliminary Area Program. 
E.
Review and comment on each level of the design documents for the Project 
submitted by Franchisee at the completion of the design phases and the Project 
Schedule prior to moving onto the next step of design in accordance with the 
submittal process below.  Any items that do not comply with the Design and 
Construction Standards and the Preliminary Area Program or are not otherwise 
aesthetically acceptable to Hyatt will be returned to Franchisee with a written 
explanation detailing the reasons for such non-compliance.  DESIGNS OR 
INCOMPLETE SUBMITTALS NOT APPROVED BY HYATT MAY NEED TO 
BE RESUBMITTED BY FRANCHISEE. 
