78 
Hyatt Regency 2025-2026 FDD 
1615748655.3 
The “Direct Channels” consist of: 

the electronic rooming list, which are reservations originating from the Hyatt Group’s 
proprietary group rooming list software tool; 

GPGS, which are reservations made through the global property and guest services centers 
that the Hyatt Group operates.  These centers field voice calls routed from Hyatt Network 
Hotels and from the Hyatt Group’s toll-free reservations phone number; and 

Hyatt.com, which are reservations originating from the reservation tools on the Hotel 
System Website and any Hyatt-branded website or mobile app (such as the World of Hyatt 
app). 
The “Indirect Channels” consist of: 

GDS, which are reservations originating from the global distribution system that travel 
agencies use, including business that our affiliate’s group sales/national accounts teams 
negotiate; and 

Indirect Internet, which are reservations originating from third-party online travel agencies 
(as we determine them) with whom the Hyatt Group has a distribution agreement.  
Comments to All Financial Performance Representations 
Prospective franchisees and sellers of franchises should be advised that no certified public 
accountant has audited any of the figures in these financial performance representations nor 
expressed their opinion concerning their contents or form.  We will provide written substantiation 
for all of these financial performance representations upon your reasonable request.  Except for 
the Smith Travel figures, we derived these figures based on our and our affiliates’ internal 
unaudited financial information, and no third party has independently investigated the figures.  
The figures contained in these financial performance representations do not reflect the costs 
of sales, operating expenses, or other costs or expenses that must be deducted from the revenue 
figures to obtain net income or profit.  You should conduct an independent investigation of the 
costs and expenses you will incur in operating a Brand Hotel.  Franchisees or former franchisees, 
listed in this disclosure document, may be one source of this information. 
Your results will depend on many factors, including the size, age and condition of your 
Hotel; the services and amenities your Hotel offers; the quality of the service at the Hotel; the 
market for lodging in your Hotel’s area, including whether the Hotel is near an airport, vacation 
destination, central business district or other features that attract travelers; general economic 
conditions; relationships with other businesses near the Hotel; competition; seasonality and 
weather; pricing; and your sales and marketing effectiveness.  These and other factors will 
significantly impact the results that a Brand Hotel can expect to achieve. 
Some hotels have sold or earned this amount.  Your individual results may differ.  
There is no assurance that you’ll sell or earn as much. 
