11 
Hyatt – 2025 Template FA 
1616961485.2
responsibility for, the Hotel’s day-to-day management and operation and implementing and 
maintaining System Standards at the Hotel.  Because complete and detailed uniformity under many 
varying conditions might not be possible or practical, Hyatt reserves the right, as Hyatt deems best, 
to vary the Hotel System and System Standards for any Brand Hotel based upon the peculiarities 
of any condition or factors that Hyatt considers important to that hotel’s successful operation.  
Franchisee has no right to require Hyatt to grant Franchisee a similar variation or accommodation.  
Hyatt and Franchisee agree that any materials, guidance or assistance that Hyatt provides 
with respect to employment-related policies or procedures are solely for Franchisee’s (and/or the 
Management Company’s) optional use.  Those materials, guidance and assistance do not form part 
of the mandatory System Standards.  Franchisee (or the Management Company) will determine to 
what extent, if any, these materials, guidance or assistance should apply to the Hotel’s employees.  
Franchisee acknowledges that Hyatt does not dictate or control labor or employment matters for 
franchisees and their employees.  Franchisee (or the Management Company) is solely responsible 
for determining the terms and conditions of employment for all Hotel employees (including Core 
Management), for all decisions concerning the hiring, firing and discipline of Hotel employees, 
and for all other aspects of the Hotel’s labor relations and employment practices.  
4.4
Sources of Products and Services.  Hyatt may require Franchisee to acquire 
FF&E, supplies, and other goods and services only from Hyatt (or its Affiliate) or from one or 
more sources that Hyatt periodically designates or approves.  If Franchisee wishes to obtain any 
FF&E, supplies, or other goods and services from a source that Hyatt has not previously approved 
as a supplier of the particular item or service, Franchisee must comply with Hyatt’s then current 
supplier approval standards.  Upon Hyatt’s request, Franchisee must reimburse Hyatt’s costs in 
reviewing Franchisee’s request and evaluating the product, service and/or source.  Hyatt may 
designate a particular source for, or model or brand of, FF&E, supplies or other goods or services 
that Hyatt (in its sole judgment) determines to be critical to the Hotel System.  Hyatt and its 
Affiliates have the right to receive rebates, commissions, and other consideration from suppliers 
on account of their actual or prospective dealings with Franchisee and other franchisees and owners 
of Brand Hotels, but (subject to Section 4.1) neither Hyatt nor its Affiliates will receive rebates 
from suppliers based solely on the volume of Franchisee’s purchases from those suppliers unless 
Hyatt either forwards those rebates to Franchisee, uses them to cover System Services Costs, or 
otherwise uses those rebates for the benefit of the Hotel System or the Brand Hotel network. 
4.5
CRS, GDS and ADS.  Franchisee must participate in, connect with, and use the 
authorized CRS, GDS and ADS (and only the authorized CRS, GDS and ADS) in the manner 
Hyatt periodically designates for offering, booking, modifying, and communicating guest room 
reservations for the Hotel.  Franchisee must honor and give first priority on available rooms to all 
confirmed reservations that the CRS, GDS or ADS refers to the Hotel.  The CRS and approved 
GDS and ADS are the only reservation systems or services that the Hotel may use for reservations.  
Franchisee will establish the Hotel’s room rates, provided that those rates and Franchisee’s pricing 
policies comply with System Standards (to the maximum extent the law allows).  Franchisee may 
not charge any guest a rate higher than the rate that the reservations center specifies to the guest 
when the guest makes the reservation. 
4.6
F&B Operations and Spa Operations.  Franchisee is responsible for ensuring that 
all F&B Operations and all Spa Operations (if the Hotel has Spa Operations) operate in full 
