50 
Hyatt Regency 2025-2026 FDD 
1615748655.3 
assessment and a virtual presentation to our leadership team) at least 6 months before the Hotel’s 
opening date or within 6 months after the date of hire or promotion (as applicable) for a new 
general manager at an existing Brand Hotel.  The Hotel’s proposed general manager must complete 
the self-paced eLearning and virtual components of GMU at least 3 months before the Hotel’s 
opening date or within 3 months after the date of hire or promotion (as applicable) for a new 
general manager at an existing Brand Hotel.  The required in-person training component is a 3-
day workshop at our corporate headquarters in Chicago, Illinois or at a Hyatt hotel location we 
specify, and gives the general manager an opportunity to meet our affiliates’ personnel who will 
be providing training.  The Hotel’s proposed general manager must complete the in-person training 
component at least 3 months before the Hotel’s opening date or within 3 months after the date of 
hire or promotion (as applicable) for a new general manager at an existing Brand Hotel.  Our SVP 
Global Franchise Operations & Owner Relations supervises this orientation, for which we maintain 
an ongoing schedule adjusting to the volume of general manager hires.  General managers must 
consistently participate in all aspects of GMU in order to successfully complete it.  
In the case of a general manager vacancy, the owner/operator must adhere to our standards 
related to the timing of filling the vacancy with a permanent or interim general manager.  If a 
permanent general manager has not been identified for more than 6 months after the original 
vacancy, the owner/operator must identify a leader as an interim general manager to complete 
GMU.  Once the general manager vacancy has been permanently filled, the new permanent general 
manager will also be required to complete GMU, unless we waive the requirement for a particular 
individual.  If the new permanent general manager previously worked at a Hyatt Network Hotel, 
the general manager will be required to complete GMU knowledge assessment if the general 
manager has been absent from such Hyatt Network Hotel for more than 1 year as of the date of 
hire.  Based on the results of that assessment, the general manager may be exempt from some or 
all of the GMU components.  
As of the date of this disclosure document, this training includes the following topics: 
TRAINING PROGRAM 
GMU 
Subject 
Hours of 
Classroom 
Training 
Hours of On-the-
Job Training 
Location 
Hyatt history and purpose, 
portfolio of brands, policies and 
programs, brand expectations, key 
programs, metrics and tools 
20-24 
0 
Self-paced eLearning and 
virtually 
