Item 15 
03/2025  
Page 70 
ITEM 15 
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE  
IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE BUSINESS 
As described in Item 1 of this disclosure document, we recognize 2 types of franchise ownership: 
Individual/Owner-Operator and Entity.  The requirements for personal participation in the operation of the 
business differ for the 2 types of ownership, as reflected in the forms of Franchise Agreements used for 
them. 
In either case, your Restaurant must be staffed at all times with a sufficient number of trained 
employees including at least one restaurant manager who has successfully completed our training program 
as described in Item 11 to ensure that our operational standards are met and who is responsible for the 
direct, on-premises supervision of the Restaurant.  If you only own one BURGER KING Restaurant, the 
Restaurant Manager must also be the Operating Partner or Managing Owner (as applicable). 
BURGER KING Restaurant Franchise Agreement (Individual/Owner-Operator).  You must meet 
our qualifications and successfully complete our training program described in Item 11 of this disclosure 
document.  One of the named Franchisees must contractually agree to participate personally in the direct 
“on-premises” operation of the franchised business (Operating Partner), live near the Restaurant (and any 
other BURGER KING Restaurant(s) operated by the Franchisee) and must devote full time and best efforts 
to the day-to-day operation of the Restaurant(s) with no operational or management commitment in other 
businesses (except other BURGER KING Restaurants).  None of the individuals may own, operate or have 
any interest in any hamburger business except other BURGER KING Restaurants.  In addition, the 
Operating Partner must retain a minimum of 50% equity ownership in the business, including profits.  If 
we consent to your assignment of the Franchise Agreement to an operating company approved by us, the 
named Franchisees will retain personal liability to us for all obligations under the Franchise Agreement. 
BURGER KING Restaurant Franchise Agreement (Entity).  You must designate a Managing 
Owner (that has been approved by us) who must have the authority to bind you in your dealings with us 
and our affiliates, and who can direct any action necessary for your compliance with the MOD Manual, 
Franchise Agreement, any lease or any other agreements relating to your Restaurant, including directing 
actions necessary for compliance in the day to day operations of the Restaurant. The Managing Owner must 
own the percentage of equity interests in the Franchisee as we may require in our Entity Guidelines 
(currently, 25% or more of the Franchisee) and live in the vicinity of the Restaurant as we may require. The 
Managing Owner must devote full time efforts to the direct supervision of the day-to-day operations of the 
Restaurant and any other BURGER KING Restaurants owned by the Franchisee as to which that individual 
is the Managing Owner. If the Managing Owner is also the Managing Owner of other BURGER KING 
Restaurants, then the Managing Owner must designate a restaurant manager who has direct, on-premises 
supervision of the Restaurant; otherwise, the Managing Owner must have direct, on-premises supervision 
of the Restaurant.  The Managing Owner cannot have any operational or management commitments in 
other restaurant businesses. If you are participating in the Crown Your Career program, until the 5th 
anniversary of your first Franchise Agreement or the date that you repay your Promissory Note to us in full, 
whichever is later, the Managing Owner may not engage or own any interest in any other business activity, 
be employed by any other business, or engage in any activity which may impair the Franchisee’s ability to 
fulfill its obligations under the Franchise Agreement.  In addition, if you are participating in the Crown 
Your Career Program, the Managing Owner must own all of the ownership interests in the franchisee entity. 
However, if you are signing a Legacy Entity Franchise Agreement Addendum to the Entity form 
of Franchise Agreement you will be permitted to have a Managing Owner designate an individual approved 
by us (who may be an Owner) as the Managing Director who must complete our training programs and has 
the authority to direct any action necessary to ensure that the day-to-day operation of the Restaurant in 
