Item 6 
03/2025, as amended 01/2026 
Page 37
substantially similar ownership structure, the application fee will be reduced to $1,000 for each 
proposed Entity after the first one.  In addition, a Franchisee must pay a fee for each existing 
Restaurant that is converted to an approved Entity.  The conversion fee for each Restaurant 
converted at the same time is $1,000 for the first 10 Restaurants; no additional fee for Restaurants 
11 through 20; and $500 for the 21st and each additional Restaurant. 
Currently, we permit existing Franchisees under an Individual Franchise Agreement to apply for 
the right to assign the franchise to a limited liability company (“LLC”) without converting to the 
Entity form of Franchise Agreement.  There is a processing fee of $2,500. 
If a Franchisee seeks to convert an existing Franchise Agreement that is in an individual ownership 
structure (“Owner/Operator Franchise Agreements”) to an entity form of Franchise Agreement 
(“Entity Franchise Agreements”), the transfer fee will be $1,000 per Restaurant for the first 10 
Restaurants; no additional fee for Restaurants 11 through 20; and $500 for the 21st and each 
additional Restaurant. 
6. 
Sales Impact Contribution.  We, with the input of the National Franchise Association of BURGER 
KING Franchisees, have adopted procedures for resolving development disputes.  Development 
disputes arise when an existing Franchisee believes that a proposed new Restaurant would have a 
significant adverse effect on the sales and profitability of its existing Restaurant.  We have sole 
discretion to decide whether the proposed new Restaurant will be developed, and whether 
development will be by us or by a Franchisee.  The procedures provide for mediation and allow for 
a monetary award by an arbitrator to an existing Franchisee who proves substantial adverse impact 
as a result of the new Restaurant opening. 
If there is a development dispute concerning your proposed new Restaurant, we may, among other 
options, decide not to allow you to develop the new Restaurant, or to allow you to develop the new 
Restaurant, but only on the condition that you agree to contribute to the costs of resolving the 
development dispute, including attorneys’ fees, amounts paid to settle the dispute, and any 
compensation awarded.  Depending on when and how the development dispute is resolved, your 
contribution could be payable to us in whole or in part from approximately three months to two 
years or more after the new Restaurant opens.   
7.
Digital Services Fee.  You must sign a Digital Services Agreement under which we grant you a 
license to access and use the technology platforms that enable you to provide ordering, delivery, 
and loyalty program services via the BURGER KING® mobile app or website. This fee applies to 
certain digital sales that occur through the BURGER KING® mobile app, website, and certain 
third-party ordering platforms that we may designate from time to time.  We can increase or 
decrease this fee once per year to cover our costs and expenses in providing and expanding these 
technology platforms.  You may not deduct any digital services fees from the calculation of Gross 
Sales, and any digital services fees are in addition to any recurring fees or other amounts payable 
by you (including any royalties or advertising contributions). You will pay this fee monthly based 
on your eligible digital sales from the preceding calendar month. The Digital Services Agreement 
you must sign is attached at Exhibit V.   
If you request special services or opportunities beyond those we generally provide, we may provide 
them if you pay us for those services.   
[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE WAS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
4905-8557-6322, v. 7
