State of Minnesota Amendment 
Exhibit P (03/2025)
AMENDMENT TO 
DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT 
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF MINNESOTA 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Development Agreement, the 
following provisions shall supersede and apply to all BURGER KING franchises offered and sold 
in the State of Minnesota: 
1. 
BKC shall not require Developer to assent to a release, assignment, novation or waiver 
that would relieve any person from liability imposed by Minnesota Statutes, Sections 80C.01 to 
80C.22, provided that the foregoing shall not bar the voluntary settlement of disputes. 
2. 
Minnesota law provides franchisees with certain termination, non-renewal and transfer 
rights.  Minn. Stat. §80C.14 (subdivisions 3, 4, and 5) requires, except in certain specified cases, 
that a franchisee be given 90 days' notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) and 180 days' 
notice of non-renewal of the Development Agreement, and provides that consent to transfer of 
the franchise may not be unreasonably withheld.  The Development Agreement shall not in any 
way abrogate or reduce any rights of Developer as provided for in the Minnesota Franchise Act, 
including the right to submit matters to the jurisdiction of the courts of Minnesota. 
3. 
The following language amends the Development Agreement: 
Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.21 and Minnesota Rule 2860.4400(J) 
prohibit BKC from requiring litigation to be conducted outside Minnesota or 
requiring Developer to consent to liquidated damages, termination 
penalties or judgment notes.  In addition, nothing in this Agreement can 
abrogate or reduce any of Developer’s rights as provided for in Minnesota 
Statutes, Chapter 80C, or Developer’s rights to any procedure, forum, or 
remedies provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction. 
4. 
Each provision of this Amendment is effective only to the extent, concerning such 
provision, that the jurisdictional requirements of the Minnesota Franchise Law are met 
independently without reference to this Amendment. 
[Signature Page Follows] 
