Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Partners, Restaurant Brands International Limited Partnership, and Board of Directors,
Restaurant Brands International Inc., the sole general partner of Restaurant Brands International Limited Partnership:
Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Restaurant Brands International Limited Partnership 
and subsidiaries (the Partnership) as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, 
comprehensive income (loss), equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2024, and the 
related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, 
in all material respects, the financial position of the Partnership as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations 
and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2024, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted 
accounting principles. 
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) 
(PCAOB), the Partnership’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal 
Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our 
report dated February 21, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Partnership’s internal control over 
financial reporting.
Basis for Opinion
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Partnership’s management. Our responsibility is to express an 
opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB 
and are required to be independent with respect to the Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the 
applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit 
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to 
error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial 
statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, 
on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included 
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall 
presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial 
statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or 
disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or 
complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial 
statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the 
critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.
Fair value of operating lease assets, lease liabilities and reacquired franchise rights acquired in a business combination
As discussed in Notes 2 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, on May 16, 2024, the Partnership acquired the remaining 85% 
of Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (“Carrols”) issued and outstanding shares that were not already held previously by the Partnership or 
its affiliates. The Carrols acquisition was accounted for as a business combination by applying the acquisition method of accounting. 
In connection with the transaction, the Partnership acquired operating lease assets with a fair value of $705 million, operating lease 
liabilities, net of current portion with a fair value of $684 million and reacquired franchise rights with a fair value of $363 million. The 
fair value of the acquired operating lease assets and lease liabilities was determined by discounting the lease payments for each lease 
using the Partnership’s incremental borrowing rate corresponding to the maturity of each lease as the discount rate. The incremental 
borrowing rate applicable to each lease is determined by reference to the Partnership’s outstanding secured borrowings and implied 
spreads over the risk-free discount rates that correspond to the term of each lease. The fair value of the reacquired franchise rights was 
determined using the excess earnings method.
Table of Contents
58
