Franchise Agreement (Individual/Owner-Operator) 
Exhibit D1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026) 
BK#______ 
28 
(4) 
Franchisee sells products not approved by BKC.  Franchisee shall have 
five (5) days after notice to cure the default. 
(5) 
Franchisee uses equipment, uniforms or decor not approved by BKC. 
(6) 
Franchisee fails to maintain the Franchised Restaurant in good condition 
and repair, or fails to make all improvements, alterations or remodelings as may be determined by BKC to 
be reasonably necessary to reflect the Current Image as provided in Section 5.B of this Agreement, as and 
when required. 
(7) 
Franchisee fails to pay when due any Royalty or Advertising Contribution 
required to be paid under this Agreement.  Franchisee shall have ten (10) days after notice to cure the 
delinquency. 
(8) 
Franchisee (i) fails to submit any information required by Section 10 of this 
Agreement or (ii) submits a financial statement or other sales report which understates Gross Sales.  If 
Franchisee submits a financial statement or other sales report which understates Gross Sales in an amount 
which exceeds two percent (2%) for any period or periods, BKC shall have the right to terminate this 
Agreement, such termination to be effective upon notice to Franchisee and with no opportunity to cure. 
(9) 
Franchisee abandons the franchise relationship without the prior consent 
of BKC at any time during the Term of this Agreement.  Franchisee shall have five (5) days after notice to 
cure the default.  The cessation of operation of the Franchised Restaurant on the Premises other than with 
the consent of BKC, whether the Premises remain vacant or are converted to another use, shall be 
considered abandonment of the franchise relationship; provided, however, that the Franchised Restaurant 
shall not be deemed abandoned if the cessation is due to circumstances beyond Franchisee's reasonable 
control (such as lack of electrical power, weather conditions, earthquakes, strikes and the like) and 
Franchisee diligently undertakes to resume operations after the reason for such cessation has been abated. 
(10) 
Franchisee ceases to occupy the Premises. Franchisee shall have five (5) 
days after notice to cure the default.  If the loss of possession is the result of governmental exercise of 
eminent domain, Franchisee may, with BKC's consent and subject to availability, relocate to other premises 
in the same market area for the balance of the Term of this Agreement. 
(11) 
Franchisee or, if Franchisee consists of more than one person, the 
Operating Partner, (or, if the franchise has been assigned to a Corporation or LLC, the Corporation or LLC) 
files a petition or application seeking any type of relief under the Bankruptcy Code or any state insolvency 
or similar law, or someone files a petition or application seeking to have Franchisee adjudicated a bankrupt, 
or seeking other relief against Franchisee under the Bankruptcy Code or any state insolvency or similar law 
and the petitioner application is not dismissed within ninety (90) days after it is filed.  Subject to the 
applicable law, this Agreement  shall terminate without notice or cure period upon the occurrence of this 
act of default as if that date were the Expiration Date and Franchisee expressly and knowingly waives any 
rights that Franchisee may have under the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and consents to the 
termination of this Agreement or any other relief which may be sought in a Complaint filed by BKC to lift the 
provisions of the automatic stay of the Bankruptcy Code.  Additionally, Franchisee agrees not to seek an 
Injunctive Order from any court in any jurisdiction relating to insolvency, reorganization or arrangement 
proceedings which would have the effect of staying or enjoining this provision. 
(12) 
Franchisee admits in writing Franchisee’s inability to pay Franchisee’s 
debts as they mature or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or a receiver (permanent or 
temporary) for any part of Franchisee’s property is appointed by a court of competent authority.  If this act 
of default shall occur, BKC shall have the right to immediately terminate this Agreement without notice or 
cure period. 
