BKC FDD 01/2026 
Exhibit V
6 
Exhibit A 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS  
THESE GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS, effective as of the 
Effective Date (as defined in the applicable Order Form to 
which these General Terms and Conditions are attached), 
govern Franchisee’s ability to receive access to the Cloud 
Services (as defined below). Provider and Franchisee may be 
referred to together herein as the “Parties” or individually 
herein as a “Party.”  
The “Agreement” consists of these general terms and 
conditions and each Order Form that references this 
Agreement, all of which collectively governs the Cloud 
Services provided by Provider or one or more of its Affiliates 
and used by Franchisee in each of the BURGER KING® 
branded restaurants operated by Franchisee and identified in 
an Order Form (each location, a “Restaurant” or collectively, 
the “Restaurants”).  This Agreement supersedes all previous 
understandings and agreements between the Parties, whether 
oral or written, regarding the provision and use of the Cloud 
Services.   
For the avoidance of doubt, and notwithstanding anything in 
this Agreement or any Order Form to the contrary, nothing 
contained in this Agreement or any Order Form shall amend, 
modify, or waive either Party’s rights, remedies, duties, 
liabilities, or obligations as set forth in any franchise 
agreement with respect to the Restaurants (as amended, 
restated, supplemented, or modified from time to time, 
individually, a “Franchise Contract” and collectively, the 
“Franchise 
Contracts”), 
including, 
without 
limitation, 
Provider’s right to strictly enforce any and all of the terms and 
provisions of the Franchise Contracts. 
1. DEFINITIONS. In addition to capitalized terms that are 
otherwise defined in this Agreement, the following capitalized 
terms shall have the meanings set forth in this Section 1. 
1.1. “Affiliate” means, with respect to any Party, any Person 
that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, 
controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with 
such Party. For purposes of this definition, “control” and its 
derivatives means with regard to any Party, the direct or 
indirect ownership, whether by ownership of equity securities, 
contract, proxy or otherwise, of shareholding or contractual 
rights of such Party that assures (i) the majority of the votes in 
the resolutions of such Party; or (ii) the power to appoint the 
majority of the managers or directors of such Party; or (iii) the 
power to direct or cause the direction of the management or 
policies of such Party. 
1.2. “Authorized User” means each Person who accesses the 
Cloud Services at a given point in time, whether by a browser 
or other instrumentality, by or on Franchisee’s behalf.   
1.3. “Cloud Data” means (i) any and all data and information 
obtained by or on behalf of or provided or made available to 
Provider, any of Provider’s Affiliates, or any of Provider’s 
designated third-party vendors in connection with the 
implementation, testing, usage, provision, maintenance or 
operation of the Cloud Services; (ii) any and all data and 
information obtained by or on behalf of Provider or any of its 
Affiliates in the course of performing services, including 
through any software made accessible to Provider or any of 
its Affiliates by or on behalf of Franchisee, regardless of 
whether owned or licensed from third parties by Franchisee 
and whether in printed or electronic form; (iii) any and all data 
and information provided by any Authorized Users or any Site 
Visitors; (iv) any and all data and information derived from 
Franchisee’s use of or access to the Cloud Services; (v) all other 
non-public data, information, and materials relating to 
Authorized Users, Site Visitors or business operations that 
Franchisee or Authorized Users provide or make available to 
Provider or any one or more of its Affiliates, or provide 
Provider or any one or more of its Affiliates with access to, in 
connection with the use of the Cloud Services or this 
Agreement; and (vi) any and all anonymous usage data, 
statistics, reports and other information collected by or on 
behalf of Provider, its Affiliates, or its subcontractors from 
Franchisee’s, any Authorized User’s, or any Site Visitor’s usage 
of the Cloud Services.  For the avoidance of doubt, Menu Data 
shall not constitute Cloud Data. 
1.4. “Cloud Services” means the network access, monitoring, 
maintenance and other services, and the software system used 
by Provider or one or more of its Affiliates and their third-party 
service providers and licensors to provide the Cloud Services 
(whether or not any portion of such software system is owned 
by Provider or any of its Affiliates or any third-party licensors 
or service providers), and all technology, formula, method, 
development, computer software (including object code and 
source 
code 
(regardless 
of 
form) 
and 
all 
related 
documentation), process, know how, pattern, machine, device, 
manufacture, composition of material, compilation of 
information, data, database, and any improvement, updates, 
enhancements and upgrades thereto to be made available to 
Franchisee in Provider’s sole discretion, including as may be 
integrated with each Restaurant’s POS System and Delivery 
Applications, all as more specifically set forth in the applicable 
Order Form.   
1.5. “Confidential Information” means the Cloud Services, 
the Cloud Data and all confidential and proprietary 
information of Provider or any of its Affiliates, that Provider or 
any of its Affiliates treats as proprietary or confidential, and 
which is marked or communicated as “confidential” or 
“proprietary” or that, given the circumstances, should be 
reasonably apparent that such information is of a confidential 
or proprietary nature.  
1.6. “Delivery Applications” means the delivery applications 
of third-parties used by Franchisee in the Restaurants, for 
which Provider or one of its Affiliates has developed or 
obtained software for the integration and interoperability with 
the Cloud Services (including to facilitate the delivery of orders 
placed or paid through any Digital Platform).  Examples of 
