Franchise Agreement (Individual/Owner-Operator) 
Exhibit D1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026) 
BK#______ 
16 
(v) 
such other insurance and in such amounts as reasonably may be 
required by BKC for its own and Franchisee’s protection. 
(2) 
Franchisee’s obligation to obtain and maintain the foregoing policy or 
policies in the amounts specified shall not be limited in any way by reason of any insurance which may be 
maintained by BKC, nor shall Franchisee’s performance of that obligation relieve it of liability under the 
indemnity provisions set forth in this Agreement.  All insurance maintained by Franchisee shall be primary 
and shall not call into contribution any insurance maintained by BKC. 
C. 
Evidence of Insurance   
From and following the Commencement Date, at BKC’s reasonable request, 
evidence of insurance in the form of a certificate or certificates of insurance showing compliance with the 
foregoing requirements shall be furnished by Franchisee to BKC or its designee.  The evidence of insurance 
shall include a statement that the policy or policies will not be cancelled or materially altered without at least 
thirty (30) days prior written notice to BKC.  Original or authenticated copies of all insurance policies shall 
be submitted promptly to BKC upon BKC’s request, together with proof of payment therefor. All insurance 
maintained by the Franchisee shall be with insurers with a minimum A. M. Best rating of A- (VIII) or Standard 
& Poor’s rating of A-. 
D. 
Worker's Compensation 
Franchisee agrees to secure and pay premiums on a Worker's Compensation 
policy covering Franchisee and all Franchisee’s employees, as required by law. 
E. 
Indemnity 
(1) 
Franchisee is responsible for all losses or damages and contractual 
liabilities to third persons arising out of or in connection with possession, ownership or operation of the 
Franchised Restaurant, and for all claims or demands for damages to property or for injury, illness or death 
of persons directly or indirectly resulting therefrom.  Franchisee agrees to defend, indemnify and save BKC 
and its subsidiaries, its Affiliates and parent companies harmless of, from and with respect to any such 
claims, demands, losses, obligations, costs, expenses, liabilities, debts or damages, (including reasonable 
attorney's fees) unless resulting from the negligence of BKC.  BKC's right to indemnity under this Agreement 
shall arise and be valid notwithstanding that joint or concurrent liability may be imposed on BKC by statute, 
ordinance, regulation or other law.  The indemnification of BKC by Franchisee shall not be limited by the 
amount of insurance required under Section 13.B.  This indemnity obligation shall include, but not be limited 
to, claims related to the employment of Franchisee's employees.  This obligation of Franchisee to indemnify 
and defend BKC is separate and distinct from its obligation to maintain insurance under the provisions of 
Section 13.A.  
(2) 
Franchisee agrees to defend, indemnify and save BKC and BKC's officers, 
directors, agents, employees, attorneys, and accountants, subsidiaries, Affiliates and parent companies, 
harmless of, from and with respect to any claims, demands, losses, obligations, costs, expenses, liabilities, 
debts or damages any of them may incur (including reasonable attorney's fees) arising from or relating to 
the sale of securities of Franchisee, including claims, demands, losses, obligations, costs, expenses, 
liabilities, debts or damages arising from or related to any alleged violation of any federal or state securities 
law in connection with a sale of securities of Franchisee.  BKC shall notify Franchisee of any claims, and 
Franchisee shall be given the opportunity to assume the defense of the matter.  If Franchisee fails to 
assume the defense, BKC may defend the action in the manner it deems appropriate, and Franchisee shall 
pay to BKC all costs, including attorneys’ fees, incurred by BKC in effecting such defense, in addition to 
any sum BKC may pay by reason of any settlement or judgment against BKC.  BKC's right to indemnity 
under this Agreement shall arise and be valid notwithstanding that joint or concurrent liability may be 
