Term Sheet 
Exhibit F1 (01/2026)  
2 
Closing Date 
The closing shall take place on ___________ or such other date as mutually agreed upon by the 
Parties (“Closing Date”). The delivery of the purchased assets will occur on the Closing Date.  
Remodel Requirements 
and Incentives; Buyback 
Right  
At closing, Buyer will be required to enter into a remodel agreement with BKC (currently, the 
Reclaim the Flame 2 Master Program Agreement (“RTF2 MPA”)) for the Purchased Restaurants 
listed in “Exhibit B” (the “Remodel Restaurants”). Provided Buyer satisfies all conditions and 
qualifications to be set forth in the RTF2 MPA, BKC will provide the Capital Contribution as set 
forth in “Exhibit B” in accordance with the Remodel Royalty Rate election (4.5%, 5.0%, 5.5% or 
6.0% of Gross Sales) determined by the Buyer for each Remodel Restaurant. For BKL Owned 
Properties, in addition to the Capital Contribution, BKC will provide an additional tenant 
inducement capital contribution in the amount of $300,000 for Scrape Remodels, $170,000 for Full 
(Legacy) Remodels, and $150,000 for Full (20/20 Light) Remodels.  For the avoidance of doubt, 
Non-BKL Owned Properties are not eligible for additional tenant inducement capital contribution. 
In addition to the remodels required under the RTF2 MPA, Buyer shall be required to complete the 
midterm remodels which were past due for under the predecessor franchise agreements for certain 
Purchased Restaurants (“Midterm Remodel Restaurants”).  The deadlines for completion of such 
midterm remodels are set forth in Exhibit “C” attached hereto. 
As used herein, (i) “Capital Contribution” means the cash contribution provided by BKC upon 
completion of the remodel of each Remodel Restaurant under the RTF2 MPA. (ii) “Royalty Rate” 
means a percentage of "Gross Sales" (as defined in the Franchise Agreement) that shall be payable 
by Buyer to BKC as royalty under the Franchise Agreement for each Purchased Restaurant; (iii) 
“BKL Owned Properties” means properties that are owned by BKC or its affiliates; and (iv) “Non-
BKL Owned Properties” means properties that are leased by BKC or its affiliates pursuant to a 
master lease with a third party landlord . 
The remodeling of the Remodel Restaurants and Midterm Remodel Restaurants is a fundamental 
obligation of Buyer under the Transaction. As such, until such time as Buyer timely completes all 
of the remodels, including the midterm remodels of the Midterm Remodel Restaurants  BKC shall 
have the right to buy back the Purchased Restaurants under certain circumstances. 
Specifically, if (i) Buyer fails to complete the remodel of any of the Remodel Restaurants or the 
Midterm Remodel Restaurants by the applicable deadline or (ii) commits any breach under any 
Franchise Agreement or other agreement with BKC relating to the Purchased Restaurants, and fails 
to cure such breach (if curable), BKC shall, have right to terminate the Franchise Agreements for 
any or all of the Purchased Restaurants and re-purchase the Purchased Restaurants at a depreciated 
value, which will likely be lower than the Purchase Price. 
Franchise Agreements 
and Leases,  Resale Fee  
At the closing, BKC and Buyer shall enter into BKC’s then current form of franchise agreement and 
lease/sublease agreement for each of the Purchased Restaurants, including any addenda with specific 
information pertaining to the individual Purchased Restaurant (respectively, “Franchise 
