 
Non-Traditional Facility Addendum (Individual/Owner-Operator) 
Exhibit E1 (03/2025) 
BK#__________ 
9 
B. 
Advertising, Sales Promotion and Public Relations 
FRANCHISEE shall pay to BKC or its designee an advertising contribution in 
amount to be determined by BKC in its sole discretion, not to exceed an amount equal to 
three percent (3.0%) percent of FRANCHISEE's monthly Gross Sales, payable by the tenth 
(10th) day of each month based upon FRANCHISEE's Gross Sales for the preceding 
month (the "National Advertising Contribution").  This sum, less direct administrative 
expenses, will be used for (a) market research expenditures directly related to the 
development and evaluation of the effectiveness of advertising and sales promotions, (b) 
creative, production and other costs incurred in connection with the development of 
advertising, sales promotions and public relations both in the market area of the Franchised 
Restaurant, as reasonably defined from time to time by BKC, and on a national basis, and 
(c) various methods of delivering the advertising or promotional message, including, 
without limitation, television, radio, outdoor and print ("Media").  The allocation of the 
Advertising Contribution between national, regional and local expenditures shall be made 
by BKC, in its sole business judgment. 
FRANCHISEE shall spend an additional one and one-half percent (1.5%) of 
FRANCHISEE's monthly Gross Sales, based upon FRANCHISEE's Gross Sales for the 
preceding month, on advertising sales promotion, public relations and other activities in 
support of the Franchised Restaurant (the “Local Advertising Contribution,” and together 
with the National Advertising Contribution, the “Advertising Contribution”).  At the end of 
each calendar year, FRANCHISEE shall certify in writing to BKC that this obligation has 
been satisfied and, upon request, FRANCHISEE shall submit to BKC all invoices, 
promotional copies and other supporting documentation to evidence the expenditure by 
FRANCHISEE of an amount equal to one and one-half percent (1.5%) of monthly Gross 
Sales. Failure to expend these funds shall constitute a material default under Section 
18(A)(7) of this Agreement. 
8. 
The following sentence is hereby added to Section 10.A of the Franchise Agreement: 
To insure compliance with the terms of this Agreement, BKC reserves the right to examine 
and request copies of books and records relating to any other business operated on the Premises, 
including, without limitation, register tapes and receipts. FRANCHISEE shall obtain the right, on 
behalf of itself and BKC, to obtain copies of such books and records from all Persons whose 
approval is required. 
9. 
If the Franchised Restaurant is located at a Co-Branded Facility, the following section is hereby 
added to Section 12 of the Franchise Agreement 
The FRANCHISEE shall not own, control, or have any interest in any other business, 
including, without limitation, any Co-Branded Business. 
10. 
If the Franchised Restaurant is located at a Co-Branded Facility, the following section is hereby 
added to Section 13.A of the Franchise Agreement: 
With respect to each Co-Branded Business, FRANCHISEE shall cause each Co-Branded 
Business to obtain Comprehensive General Liability insurance, including Products Liability and 
Broad Form Contractual Liability, in such amount as BKC may reasonably request.  If 
FRANCHISEE or any Operator dispenses or sells beer or wine from a Co-Branded Business, such 
insurance shall be endorsed to include coverage for liabilities arising out of the dispensing or selling 
of alcoholic beverages imposed under any law, including without limitation, a dram shop or alcoholic 
beverage control act. Each policy will name BKC and its subsidiaries, its Affiliates and parent 
companies as additional insureds, will provide that the policy cannot be canceled without Thirty 
