BKC FDD 01/2026 
Exhibit V
12 
11.8. Survival of Obligations. The provisions of Sections 1, 2, 3, 
4, 5, 6, 7, 8.2, 9, 10, 11.4, 11.5, 11.6, 11.7, and 12, as well as 
Franchisee’s obligations to pay any amounts due and 
outstanding hereunder, shall survive termination or expiration 
of this Agreement. 
12. MISCELLANEOUS 
12.1. Governing Law; Venue and Jurisdiction. The governing 
law, venue and jurisdiction provisions set forth in the franchise 
agreement for the Restaurant at issue shall apply, 
mutatis mutandis, to this Agreement and the rights and 
obligations of the parties hereunder, as if such provisions were 
fully set forth herein.  
12.2. Compliance with Laws and Regulations.  Each Party shall 
comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations in the 
performance of its obligations under this Agreement and each 
Order Form.  
12.3. Force Majeure. Provider shall be excused from 
performance of its obligations under this Agreement or an 
Order Form if such a failure to perform results from 
compliance with any requirement of applicable law, acts of 
god, fire, strike, embargo, terrorist attack, war, insurrection or 
riot, or other causes beyond Provider’s reasonable control 
(each, a “Force Majeure Event”). Any delay resulting from any 
of such causes shall extend performance accordingly or shall 
excuse performance, in whole or in part, as may be reasonable 
under the circumstances.   
12.4. Notices. The notice provisions set forth in the Franchise 
Contracts shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to any notice required 
by or relating to this Agreement, as if such provisions were 
fully set forth herein.   
12.5. Assignment and Subcontracting. Franchisee may not 
transfer, assign, or sublicense its rights or otherwise delegate 
its obligations under this Agreement or any Order Form, and 
any purported transfer, assignment, sublicense, or delegation 
shall be null, void, and of no effect.  Provider may grant or 
deny any request from Franchisee to transfer, assign, or 
sublicense its rights or otherwise delegate its obligations 
under this Agreement or any Order Form in its sole 
discretion.  In the event Provider grants such request, Provider 
may condition such grant on (among other things) 
Franchisee’s and the applicable transferee or assignee’s 
agreement to execute documentation in form and substance 
satisfactory to Provider in Provider’s sole discretion (which 
documentation may require the applicable transferee or 
assignee to (among other things) pay fees and other amounts 
that are higher or in addition to those set forth in Franchisee’s 
Order Forms). Provider may transfer, assign, sublicense, or 
delegate this Agreement, any Order Form, and any other 
documents ancillary hereto (including Provider’s rights, duties, 
and obligations hereunder) in Provider’s sole discretion.  
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Franchisee 
acknowledges and agrees that Provider may, without 
Franchisee’s consent, (i) at any time and from time to time 
enter into agreements or arrangements with any third-party 
vendor or service provider for any part of the functionality of 
the Cloud Services, and (ii) appoint any subcontractor to 
perform any of its duties or obligations under this Agreement 
or any Order Form. 
This Agreement and each Order Form shall be binding upon 
and inure to the benefit of Provider and Franchisee and their 
respective successors and permitted assigns.  
12.6. Independent Contractors. Franchisee and Provider 
acknowledge and agree that the relationship arising from this 
Agreement does not constitute or create any joint venture, 
partnership, employment relationship, or franchise between 
them, and the Parties are acting as independent contractors 
in making and performing this Agreement. Furthermore, 
nothing in this Agreement or any Order Form shall be 
interpreted or construed as creating or establishing the 
relationship of employer and employee between Franchisee 
and either Provider or any employee or agent of Provider. 
12.7. Amendment. No amendment to this Agreement or any 
Order Form shall be valid unless it is made in writing and is 
signed by the authorized representatives of the Parties. 
12.8. Waiver. No waiver under this Agreement shall be valid or 
binding unless set forth in writing and duly executed by the 
Party against whom enforcement of such waiver is sought. Any 
such waiver shall constitute a waiver only with respect to the 
specific matter described therein and shall in no way impair 
the rights of the Party granting such waiver in any other 
respect or at any other time. Any delay or forbearance by 
either Party in exercising any right hereunder shall not be 
deemed a waiver of that right. 
12.9. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or an 
Order Form is invalid or unenforceable for any reason in any 
jurisdiction, such provision shall be construed to have been 
adjusted to the minimum extent necessary to cure such 
invalidity or unenforceability. The invalidity or unenforceability 
of one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement 
or any Order Form shall not have the effect of rendering any 
such provision invalid or unenforceable in any other case, 
circumstance, or jurisdiction, or of rendering any other 
provisions of this Agreement or any Order Form invalid or 
unenforceable whatsoever. 
12.10. No Third Party Beneficiaries. The Parties acknowledge 
that the covenants set forth in this Agreement are intended 
solely for the benefit of the Parties, their successors, and 
permitted assigns. Nothing herein, whether express or 
implied, shall confer upon any Person, other than the Parties, 
their successors, and permitted assigns, any legal or equitable 
right whatsoever to enforce any provision of this Agreement 
or any Order Form. 
12.11. Counterparts. This Agreement and each Order Form 
may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of 
which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original 
and all of which when taken together shall constitute one 
Agreement and Order Form (as applicable).  Delivery of an 
executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement 
or an Order Form by any electronic transmission (including 
PDF) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed 
counterpart of this Agreement or such Order Form (as 
applicable). 
