Franchise Agreement (Entity) 
Exhibit D2 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026) 
BK#_______ 
29
21. 
MISCELLANEOUS: GENERAL CONDITIONS 
A. 
Interpretation 
The Introduction and the addenda and amendments checked on the page entitled 
“List of Attachments” at the beginning of this document shall be considered a part of this Agreement.  
Section captions are used only for convenience and are in no way to be construed as part of this Agreement 
or as a limitation of the scope of the particular Sections to which they refer.  Words of any gender used in 
this Agreement shall include any other gender, singular words include the plural and plural words include 
the singular, in each case where the context requires, and the term “including” as used in this Agreement 
means “including but not limited to”.   
B. 
Non-Waiver 
The failure of BKC to exercise any right or option given to it under this Agreement, 
or to insist upon strict compliance by Franchisee with the terms and conditions of this  Agreement shall not 
constitute a waiver of any terms or conditions of this Agreement with respect to any other or subsequent 
breach, nor a waiver by BKC of its right at any time thereafter to require exact and strict compliance with 
the terms and conditions of this Agreement.  The rights or remedies set forth in this Agreement are in 
addition to any other rights or remedies which may be granted by law. 
C. 
Governing Law, Forum and Compliance 
(1) 
This Agreement shall become valid when executed and accepted by BKC.  
The parties agree that it shall be deemed made and entered into in the State of Florida and shall be 
governed and construed under and in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida. 
(2) 
Franchisee and BKC acknowledge and agree that the  U.S. District Court 
for the Southern District of Florida, or if such court lacks jurisdiction, the 11th Judicial Circuit (or its 
successor) in and for Miami-Dade County, Florida, shall be the venue and exclusive proper forum in which 
to adjudicate any case or controversy arising either, directly or indirectly, under or in connection with this 
Agreement except to the extent otherwise provided in this Agreement and the parties further agree that, in 
the event of litigation arising out of or in connection with this Agreement in these courts, they will not contest 
or challenge the jurisdiction or venue of these courts.  
(3) 
Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, Franchisee 
shall conduct its business in a lawful manner and faithfully comply with applicable laws or regulations of the 
United States and the state, city or other political subdivision in which the Franchised Restaurant is located. 
D. 
Severability 
BKC and Franchisee agree that if any provision of this Agreement may be 
construed in two ways, one of which would render the provision illegal or otherwise voidable or 
unenforceable and the other of which would render the provision valid and enforceable, such provision shall 
have the meaning which renders it valid and enforceable.  The language of all provisions of this Agreement 
shall be construed according to its fair meaning and not strictly against BKC or Franchisee.  It is the desire 
and intent of BKC and Franchisee that the provisions of this Agreement be enforced to the fullest extent, 
and should any provision be invalid or unenforceable under Florida law, but valid under the laws of the state 
where the Franchised Restaurant is located, the provision shall be governed by the law of that state.  In the 
event any court shall determine that any provision in this Agreement is not enforceable as written, BKC and 
Franchisee agree that the provision shall be amended so that it is enforceable to the fullest extent 
permissible under the laws of the jurisdiction in which enforcement is sought.  The provisions of this 
Agreement are severable and this Agreement shall be interpreted and enforced as if all completely invalid 
