As of December 31,
2024
2023
Fair value of our variable term debt and senior notes
$ 
13,090 $ 
12,401 
Principal carrying amount of our variable term debt and senior notes
$ 
13,651 $ 
12,900 
The determination of fair values of certain tangible and intangible assets for purposes of the application of the acquisition 
method of accounting to the acquisition of Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. were based on Level 3 inputs. The determination of fair 
values of our reporting units and the determination of the fair value of the Brands for impairment testing using a quantitative approach 
during 2024, 2023 and 2022 were based upon Level 3 inputs.
Revenue Recognition
Supply chain sales
Supply chain sales represent sales of products, supplies and restaurant equipment to franchisees, as well as sales to retailers and 
direct to consumer and are presented net of any related sales tax. Revenue is recognized upon transfer of control over ordered items, 
generally upon delivery to the customer, which is when the customer has all risks and rewards of ownership and an obligation to pay 
for the goods is created. Shipping and handling costs associated with outbound freight for supply chain sales are accounted for as 
fulfillment costs and classified as cost of sales.
Company restaurant sales
Company restaurant sales consist of sales to restaurant guests. Revenue from Company restaurant sales is recognized at the point 
of sale. Taxes assessed by a governmental authority that we collect are excluded from revenue. 
Franchise revenues
Franchise revenues consist primarily of royalties, initial and renewal franchise fees and upfront fees from development 
agreements and master franchise and development agreements (“MFDAs”). Under franchise agreements, we provide franchisees with 
(i) a franchise license, which includes a license to use our intellectual property, (ii) pre-opening services, such as training and 
inspections, and (iii) ongoing services, such as development of training materials and menu items and restaurant monitoring and 
inspections. These services are highly interrelated and dependent upon the franchise license and we concluded these services do not 
represent individually distinct performance obligations. Consequently, we bundle the franchise license performance obligation and 
promises to provide these services into a single performance obligation (the “Franchise PO”), which we satisfy by providing a right to 
use our intellectual property over the term of each franchise agreement.
Royalties are calculated as a percentage of franchised restaurant sales over the term of the franchise agreement. Initial and 
renewal franchise fees are payable by the franchisee upon a new restaurant opening or renewal of an existing franchise agreement. Our 
franchise agreement royalties represent sales-based royalties that are related entirely to the Franchise PO and are recognized as 
franchise sales occur. Initial and renewal franchise fees are recognized as revenue on a straight-line basis over the term of the 
respective agreement. Our performance obligation under development agreements other than MFDAs generally consists of an 
obligation to grant exclusive development rights over a stated term, which are not distinct from franchise agreements. Upfront fees 
paid by franchisees for exclusive development rights are apportioned to each franchised restaurant opened by the franchisee, with the 
pro rata amount apportioned to each restaurant accounted for as an initial franchise fee.
We have a distinct performance obligation under our MFDAs to grant subfranchising rights over a stated term. Under the terms 
of MFDAs, we typically either receive an upfront fee paid in cash and/or receive noncash consideration in the form of an equity 
interest in the master franchisee or an affiliate of the master franchisee. We account for noncash consideration as investments in the 
applicable equity method investee and recognize revenue in an amount equal to the fair value of the equity interest received. Upfront 
fees from master franchisees, including the fair value of noncash consideration, are deferred and amortized over the MFDA term on a 
straight-line basis. We may recognize unamortized upfront fees when a contract with a franchisee or master franchisee is modified and 
is accounted for as a termination of the existing contract.
The portion of gift cards sold to customers which are never redeemed is commonly referred to as gift card breakage. We 
recognize gift card breakage income proportionately as each gift card is redeemed using an estimated breakage rate based on our 
historical experience. 
In certain instances, we provide incentives to franchisees in connection with restaurant renovations or other initiatives. These 
incentives may consist of cash consideration or non-cash consideration such as restaurant equipment. In general, these incentives are 
designed to support system-wide sales growth to increase our future revenues. The costs of these incentives are capitalized and 
amortized as a reduction in franchise and property revenue over the term of the contract to which the incentive relates.    
Table of Contents
69
