BKG Addendum to BKL Lease 
Exhibit G2 (03/2025) 
1 
BKG ADDENDUM TO BKL LEASE/SUBLEASE
THIS ADDENDUM to Lease/Sublease Agreement (this “BKG Addendum”), is made as of the _____ 
day of ______________, _____, by and between BURGER KING COMPANY LLC, a Florida limited liability 
company (the “Lessor”), and 
, (the "Lessee").  In the event there are any 
inconsistencies between the provisions of the Lease and this BKG Addendum, the provisions of this BKG 
Addendum shall control. Initial capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the 
meaning given to such term in the Lease.  
RECITALS 
WHEREAS, Lessor and Lessee entered into that certain Lease/Sublease Agreement dated as of  
 (the “Lease”);  
WHEREAS, Lessor and Lessee desire to amend the Lease as more particularly set forth below.  
I.  
PROPERTY LEASED  
1.1 
DEMISE.   §1.1 of the Lease is hereby amended to delete all references to the restaurant building 
and other improvements to be located at the Premises.  
1.2 
ERECTION OF BUILDING.   §1.2 of the Lease is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with 
the following:   
“§1.2 ERECTION OF BUILDING. 
Lessee agrees to construct, at its sole cost and expense, a 
BURGER 
KING® 
restaurant 
and 
other 
improvements 
(collectively, 
the 
“Restaurant 
Improvements”), in accordance with plans and specifications approved by Lessor, with materials 
approved by Lessor, and in accordance with the terms of the Master Lease.  Lessee agrees that 
the construction of the Restaurant Improvements shall be completed in accordance with all 
Regulations.  Without limiting the foregoing, Lessee agrees to provide the Lessor with the following: 
(a) 
at the time of submittal of the construction plans and specifications (the “Plans”) to 
Lessor for approval, a certificate, on a form to be provided by Lessor, from an architect, 
licensed in the State where the Premises are located (“Architect”), certifying that the Plans 
comply with (i) the requirements of Title III of the Americans With Disabilities Act of 1990 
(“ADA”) (ii) the Americans With Disabilities Act Accessibility Guidelines 1991 (“ADAAG”) 
which is a part of the ADA; (iii) the 2010 ADA Standards; and (iv) all state and local building 
codes including any disabilities related statutes or codes (collectively, the “Codes”) in the 
applicable jurisdiction where the Premises are located; and 
(b) 
upon completion of the construction of the Restaurant Improvements, the Architect 
shall inspect the Restaurant Improvements and complete the Burger King® 2004 ADAAG 
Checklist V1.2, and complete a certificate of inspection, on a form to be provided by Lessor, 
certifying that the Restaurant Improvements are in compliance with Title III of the ADA, the 
ADAAG, the 2010 ADA Standards and the Codes.”  
II.  
TERM  
2.4 
END OF TERM.  The first sentence of §2.4(a) is hereby deleted and replaced with the following: 
"At the expiration of this Lease, the Restaurant Improvements and the Leasehold Improvements located on 
