State of New York Addendum 
Exhibit P (03/2025)
fraud; embezzlement; fraudulent conversion or misappropriation of 
property; or unfair or deceptive practices or comparable allegations. 
D.  
No such party is subject to a currently effective injunctive or restrictive 
order or decree relating to the franchise, or under a Federal, State, or 
Canadian franchise, securities, antitrust, trade regulation or trade practice 
law, resulting from a concluded or pending action or proceeding brought 
by a public agency; or is subject to any currently effective order of any 
national securities association or national securities exchange, as defined 
in the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, suspending or expelling 
such person from membership in such association or exchange; or is 
subject to a currently effective injunctive or restrictive order relating to 
any other business activity as a result of an action brought by a public 
agency or department, including, without limitation, actions affecting a 
license as a real estate broker or sales agent. 
3. 
The following is added to the end of Item 5: 
The franchise fee constitutes part of our general operating funds and will be used 
as such in our discretion. 
4. 
 The following is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(c), titled 
“Requirements for you to renew or extend,” and Item 17(m), entitled “Conditions for our 
approval of transfer”: 
However, to the extent required by applicable law, all rights you enjoy and any 
causes of action arising in your favor from the provisions of Article 33 of the 
General Business Law of the State of New York and the regulations issued 
thereunder shall remain in force; it being the intent of this proviso that the non-
waiver provisions of General Business Law Sections 687.4 and 687.5 be 
satisfied. 
5. 
The following is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17(j), titled “Assignment of 
contract by us”:
However, no assignment will be made except to an assignee who in good faith 
and judgment of the franchisor, is willing and financially able to assume the 
franchisor’s obligations under the Franchise Agreement.  
6.  
The following is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(v), titled “Choice of 
forum”, and Item 17(w), titled “Choice of law”: 
The foregoing choice of law should not be considered a waiver of any right 
conferred upon the franchisor or upon the franchisee by Article 33 of the General 
Business Law of the State of New York. 
7. 
Franchise Questionnaires and Acknowledgments.  No statement, questionnaire, or 
acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the commencement of 
the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable 
state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the 
