Item 1 
03/2025, as amended 01/2026 
Page 7
Franchise Ownership Types and Definitions  
We currently have two different forms of Franchise Agreement, corresponding to two different 
types of franchise ownership: “Individual” (or “Owner/Operator”) and “Entity”.  
Individual or Owner/Operator Ownership   
Traditionally, we issued franchises to individuals who signed the Franchise Agreement personally 
and who were personally responsible for operating the franchised Restaurant.  This form of ownership is 
referred to as “Individual” or “Owner/Operator” ownership.  If more than one individual signs the Franchise 
Agreement as the Franchisee, one of those individuals must be designated (with our approval) as the 
“Operating Partner” responsible for operating the Restaurant.  Although the Individual Franchise 
Agreement can be assigned to an operating company under certain conditions, the individuals remain 
personally responsible under the Franchise Agreement.  A copy of our current form of Individual Franchise 
Agreement is attached to this disclosure document as Exhibit D1. 
Entity Ownership 
“Entity” ownership allows different forms of ownership and management of, and equity investment 
in, the Franchisee.  Under the Entity ownership program, a corporation, a limited partnership, a limited 
liability partnership, or a limited liability company can directly execute the Entity form of Franchise 
Agreement (a copy of the current form is attached as Exhibit D2) if the Entity and its owners satisfy our 
then current guidelines for approval of franchisee entity ownership (“Entity Guidelines”).  Generally, one 
of the conditions of Entity ownership is that one or more individuals or entities, designated as “Owners,” 
guarantee and be responsible for the Franchisee’s obligations to us.  One of those Owners must be 
designated, with our approval, as the “Managing Owner” who, in addition to other requirements, must (i) 
own the percentage of equity interest in the Franchisee as we may require (at least 25% of the Franchisee), 
(ii) have the authority to (1) bind the Franchisee in any dealings with  BKC and its affiliates, (2) direct any 
action necessary to ensure compliance with the Franchise Agreement, any lease and any other agreements 
relating to the Restaurant, and (3) direct any action necessary to ensure that the day-to-day operation of the 
Restaurant is in compliance with the MOD Manual, the Franchise Agreement, any lease and any other 
agreements relating to the Restaurant. In the case of a Restaurant currently operating under  the Individual 
Franchise Agreement form, a new Franchisee may, at our discretion, execute the Entity form of Franchise 
Agreement for the remainder of the term. In the case of an existing Franchisee whose entity ownership was 
previously approved by us under the Entity Guidelines in effect prior to June 18, 2024 and provided the 
existing Franchisee meets all other requirements for renewing the Franchise Agreement, and is maintaining 
the ownership structure previously approved by us before the date of signing this successor Franchise 
Agreement, you will be permitted to sign a successor Franchise Agreement that allows a Managing Owner 
to designate an individual approved by us (who may be an Owner) as the “Managing Director” responsible 
for day to day operations.  These existing Franchisees will sign the Legacy Entity Franchise Agreement 
Addendum attached as Exhibit J2 to this disclosure document.  In addition, certain other Franchisees that 
we approve on a case by case basis, in our sole discretion, may be permitted to sign the Legacy Entity 
Franchise Agreement Addendum.   
An entity with publicly-traded stock, or a subsidiary of a publicly-traded company, that controls 
locations not accessible (or with limited access) to the general public, may sign a “Corporate Addendum” 
to the Entity form of Franchise Agreement.  Our current form of Corporate Addendum to the Entity form 
of Franchise Agreement is attached as Exhibit J1 to this disclosure document.  These Franchisees are 
typically food service companies that provide a variety of contract feeding services in a single 
“institutional” location (as described below) or at multiple institutional locations, or are large net worth 
companies with diversified business ownership.  If the Franchisee is a direct or indirect subsidiary of one 
