 
Multiple Target Reservation Agreement (Non-Exclusive) 
Exhibit C2 (03/2025) 
 
 
1 
MULTIPLE TARGET RESERVATION AGREEMENT 
(NON-EXCLUSIVE) 
 
This Multiple Target Reservation Agreement (“Agreement”) is made and entered into in Miami, Florida as 
of the _____ day of __________________, 20__, (“Effective Date”) by and between BURGER KING 
COMPANY LLC ("BKC"), a Florida limited liability company having its principal place of business at 5707 
Blue Lagoon Drive, Miami, Florida, 33126, and   
 
 
 
 
 ("Developer").  
INTRODUCTION   
In consideration of the mutual undertakings and covenants contained in this Agreement and for 
other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the 
parties agree as follows:  
ARTICLE I:  GRANT 
1.1 
Target Areas.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, BKC grants Developer a non-
exclusive right to develop BURGER KING® restaurants (each, a “Franchised Restaurant” and collectively, 
the “Franchised Restaurants”) within the specific geographic areas set forth on Exhibit A (the “Target 
Areas”).  Developer may submit additional proposed Target Areas to BKC for approval within sixty (60) 
days from the Effective Date.  Target Areas listed on Exhibit A are not final until BKC grants written 
confirmation of clearance pursuant to the then current development process (“Target Area Clearance”).  
BKC and Developer will review the Target Areas as needed throughout the term of this Agreement 
and may make amendments to the Target Areas as mutually agreed by the parties. At BKC’s sole discretion, 
the total number of Target Areas listed on Exhibit A can exceed the number of required restaurant openings. 
Each Franchised Restaurant will be developed at a specific address in a Target Area (each, a “Site”), and 
any proposed Site shall be subject to the prior approval of BKC, in its sole discretion.  
1.2 
Substitute Target Area.  Under the following limited circumstances only, BKC will allow Developer 
to remove a Target Area from Exhibit A and replace it with a new Target Area (a "Substitute Target Area"):  
 
1.2.1 
Target Area Clearance. If BKC does not grant Target Area Clearance to any Target Area 
proposed to BKC by Developer after execution of this Agreement. 
 
1.2.2 
Significant Real Estate Constraints.  If Developer believes a Target Area is not viable due 
to lack of available real estate. In such case Developer shall submit written evidence of its attempts to 
diligently locate a Site in the Target Area to BKC. 
 
1.2.3 
 Impact on Developer’s Target Area.  If BKC notifies Developer in writing that it intends to 
develop, or approve another franchisee to develop, a BURGER KING® restaurant (the "New Restaurant") 
within four (4) miles of a Target Area (or within two (2) miles of a Target Area if the Target Area is located 
in a Metropolitan Statistical Area with a population greater than two (2) million people) and the Developer: 
a) submits its objection to BKC in writing by the deadline specified in such notice; and b) notifies BKC in 
writing within thirty (30) days of such notice that the New Restaurant would render the Target Area 
economically unviable. 
 
1.2.4 
Site Denied. If BKC denies Site Approval (as defined below) and BKC decides there is no 
other comparable Site in the Target Area available. 
 
1.2.5 
Failure to Obtain Permits.  If Developer is prevented from developing a Site within a Target 
Area due to zoning restrictions or failure to receive permits required for the construction, occupancy or 
operation of the Franchised Restaurant after diligent attempts to obtain the permits; in such case Developer 
shall submit written evidence of its attempts to obtain the permits. 
