Franchise Agreement (Entity) 
Exhibit D2 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026) 
BK#_______ 
3
(3) change the authority delegated to the Managing Owner; or (4) materially alter representations, 
covenants or information contained in the Franchise Entity Application approved by BKC. 
C. 
Franchisee shall provide BKC annually with an updated list of all shareholders, 
members, partners or other holders of equity interests of Franchisee and its parent or Affiliates, if any. 
4. 
FRANCHISEE ASSOCIATION AND ADVISORY COUNCIL 
BKC shall, on a periodic basis, consult with representatives of an independent association 
whose membership is comprised of at least fifty-one percent (51%) of all BURGER KING franchise-owned 
and operated restaurants in the U.S.A. (the “Franchisee Association”) relative to those matters expressly 
described in Sections 5.B, 6, 8, 9 and 20.C of this Agreement.  The representatives of the Franchisee 
Association shall be referred to herein as the “Franchisee Advisory Council.”  Membership by a Franchisee 
in the Franchisee Association shall be voluntary. 
Franchisee agrees that BKC may consult with and consider the advice of the Franchisee 
Advisory Council. 
For purposes of this Agreement, to qualify as the “Franchisee Association,” the association 
must have been formed for the primary purpose of representing the rights of franchisees, and membership 
in such association must be limited solely to BURGER KING franchisees, or officers, directors, partners or 
shareholders of BURGER KING franchisees, who in either case are not owned or controlled by BKC or its 
parent, or any subsidiary or Affiliate of BKC. 
BKC shall not prohibit nor restrict Franchisee from associating with other franchisees, nor 
from forming, joining or participating in any franchisee trade association (the “Activities”).  BKC shall not 
retaliate against Franchisee because Franchisee engages in the Activities.  BKC's exercise and 
enforcement of its rights under any franchise agreement or the law shall not, by itself, constitute a breach 
of BKC's responsibilities under the preceding sentence. 
5. 
STANDARDS AND UNIFORMITY OF OPERATION 
BKC shall establish and cause approved suppliers to the BURGER KING System to 
reasonably comply with, product, service and equipment specifications as established by BKC from time to 
time. 
Suggestions from Franchisee for improving elements of the BURGER KING System, such 
as products, equipment, uniforms, restaurant facilities, service format and advertising, are encouraged and 
may or may not be considered by BKC when adopting or modifying standards, specifications and 
procedures for the BURGER KING System.  Franchisee acknowledges that any such suggestions made 
by Franchisee hereunder shall become the exclusive property of BKC.  BKC shall have no obligation to 
utilize suggestions and no obligation to provide compensation for any suggestion.  Franchisee may not 
utilize any such suggestions in the Franchised Restaurant without the prior written consent of BKC.  
A. 
M.O.D. Manual  
Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that prompt adoption of and adherence to 
the BURGER KING System, including all of the provisions of the MOD Manual, as amended from time to 
time, are reasonable, necessary and essential to the image and success of all BURGER KING Restaurants.  
The MOD Manual, which is comprised of the BURGER KING Operations Manual, the Restaurant 
Equipment Manual, the RSI Equipment and Facilities E-Red Book, the Approved Brands and Distributors 
List, Approved Equipment List, the Brand Standards Guide, the Ops Emphasis Guide, alerts and 
amendments thereto, and applicable policies established by BKC, or the then-current equivalent printed or 
electronic versions of those documents, contains the official mandatory restaurant operating, equipment 
