Item 5 
03/2025, as amended 01/2026 
                  Page 20
ITEM 5 
INITIAL FEES 
Application Fee 
In order to apply for a franchise for a BURGER KING Restaurant, you must complete and submit 
a Franchise Application(s) (Exhibit B1) and pay at the time the application is submitted an application fee 
of $250 per individual applicant even if the owner will be an entity and $5,000 for Entity ownership.  Each 
Entity applicant must complete an Entity Application (Exhibit B2).  This fee is nonrefundable.   
Franchise Fee 
The standard franchise fee for a 20-year Franchise Agreement term (including successor Franchise 
Agreements) is $50,000.  However, the term of the Franchise Agreement may be shorter for non-traditional 
Restaurants, as described in Items 1 and 7 of this disclosure document, or where property control is for a 
shorter period.  The franchise fee is prorated for terms of different duration, subject to a minimum, which 
is currently $15,000. The franchise fee is fully earned when we sign the Franchise Agreement or 
TRA/MTRA, as discussed below and is not refundable. Unless otherwise indicated, the franchise fee is 
always due in full before the Restaurant opens for business, and is not refundable.  (For a successor 
Franchise Agreement, you must pay the fee at the time you sign the successor Franchise Agreement.).  
We currently offer the following programs under which we will lower the standard franchise fee or 
require you to pay a deposit which may be credited towards your franchise fee.  We may discontinue any 
of these programs at any time.  
Incentive Programs
2024 Multi-Unit New Development Incentive Program. 
This program is only open to “Qualifying Franchisees” who agree, among other things to build at 
least 3 to 10 new traditional Restaurants and certain non-traditional Restaurants (excluding captive and 
institutional locations) in the BKoT Image over a 1- to 3-year period.  If you qualify for this program, you 
must sign our Multiple Target Reservation Agreement (“MTRA”) (Exhibit C2) and any other documents 
we require by January 31, 2024.  We will negotiate with you the number of Restaurants you must open each 
year, but all Restaurants must open by November 30 of each year.  These Restaurants will qualify for 
reduced royalty rates and advertising contributions.  The amount of the reduction will depend on the year 
in which the Restaurants are to be opened.  (See Item 6 for more information.) 
Within 60 days of signing the MTRA, you must pay us a nonrefundable deposit equal to the number 
of Restaurants you agree to open in the first and last year under the MTRA multiplied by $50,000.  Of this 
deposit, $50,000 will be applied to the standard franchise fee due for each Restaurant you open in the first 
and last year under the MTRA.  If you fail to open a Restaurant when required under the MTRA, we will 
extend the date to open that Restaurant to December 31 of the term year in which the Restaurant was 
originally scheduled to be opened.  If you fail to open by December 31 of the term year in which the 
Restaurant was originally scheduled to be open, the royalty rate and advertising contribution for that 
Restaurant shall be the then current royalty rate and advertising contribution, you must pay the then standard 
franchise fee due for that Restaurant, and you will forfeit all deposits paid.  If you fail a second time to open 
a Restaurant by the time specified in the MTRA, or any extended date we agree to, the MTRA will terminate 
and any incentives you may be receiving under this program for Restaurants opened under the MTRA will 
terminate and the royalty will increase to the then current royalty rate and the advertising contribution for 
