BKG Addendum to BKL Lease 
Exhibit G2 (03/2025) 
2 
the Premises shall become the property of the Lessor."  The remainder of this paragraph shall remain 
unaltered.  
IV.  
INSURANCE  
4.1 
POLICIES.  In addition to those parties named in §4.1 to be additional insureds under insurance 
provided by Lessee, the Leasehold Mortgagee shall be included as an additional insured as its respective 
interests may appear.  
V.  
THE PREMISES  
5.1 
USE AND SERVICES.  The following shall be added to §5.1 of the Lease:  "In the event that the 
Leasehold Mortgagee legally comes into possession of the Premises, the Premises may be only used for 
such purpose or purposes as may be consented to by the Lessor in writing, which consent shall not be 
unreasonably withheld.  In the event such Leasehold Mortgagee comes into possession of the Premises, 
the Premises is not to be used in violation of zoning or any restrictive covenants affecting the property or 
for any illegal or immoral purpose.  It shall not be unreasonable for the Lessor to withhold its consent for 
the use of the Premises for a BURGER KING® Restaurant or any fast-food restaurant operation.  In the 
event that the Leasehold Mortgagee comes into possession of the Premises as outlined above, all 
references in this Lease to the Franchise Agreement will be automatically deleted from this Lease."  
5.3 
ALTERATIONS.  In the event that the Leasehold Mortgagee comes into possession of the 
Premises, the provision as outlined in the first sentence of §5.3 requiring alterations in order to reflect the 
then current image of BURGER KING Restaurants will not be applicable.  An additional line shall be added 
to §5.3 to provide the following:  "All Leasehold Improvements in or on the Premises which have been or 
may be erected, affixed or installed in or on the Premises shall be and remain the property of the Lessee 
during the term of this Lease, however, they shall become the property of the Lessor upon the expiration 
or earlier termination of this Lease.  All personalty installed by Lessee (except signs, trademarks, and other 
insignia of Lessor) shall remain the property of the Lessee if it is removed from the Premises within 15 days 
after expiration or earlier termination of this Lease, provided this Lease was not terminated by Lessor for 
cause."  
5.8 
DAMAGE OR DESTRUCTION.  In the event the Leasehold Mortgagee comes into possession of 
the Premises as provided for herein, then all of the provisions of §5.8, Damage or Destruction, shall be 
applicable with the exception that the second sentence of §5.8 calling for the restoration to reflect the then 
current image of BURGER KING Restaurants will not be applicable.   
5.9 
WARRANTIES: DISCLAIMER.  §5.9 of the Lease is hereby deleted and replaced with the following: 
"§5.9  WARRANTIES: DISCLAIMER.  Lessee shall provide Lessor or any other party entitled to 
enter into possession of the Premises as provided for in this Lease with the benefits of any 
warranties provided by the building contractor or others providing work and/or services to the 
Premises."  
 IX.  
ENFORCEMENT  
9.1 
DEFAULT.  In addition to the events of default enumerated in §9.1, an additional event of default 
is hereby added as §9.1(h):   
