Franchise Agreement (Individual/Owner-Operator) 
Exhibit D1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026) 
BK#______ 
13 
in which Franchisee has failed to make payments of the Royalty or Advertising Contribution in a timely 
fashion or has otherwise defaulted under this Agreement.  In the event the audit discloses an 
understatement of Gross Sales for any period or periods, Franchisee shall, within 15 days after receipt of 
the audit report, pay BKC the Royalty and Advertising Contribution (including any ISP fee) in the amount of 
the understatement plus the late charge identified in Section 9.D. of this Agreement from the date such 
payments were originally due.  Additionally, in the event the audit discloses an understatement of Gross 
Sales which exceeds two percent (2%) for any period or periods, Franchisee shall, within fifteen (15) days 
after the receipt of the audit report, reimburse BKC for all costs of the audit including travel, lodging and 
wages, reasonably incurred. 
D. 
Release of Financial Information 
Except as otherwise provided in any lease between BKC, or any of its Affiliates, 
and Franchisee, BKC shall not release to third parties financial or operational information specifically 
relating to Franchisee and/or the Franchised Restaurant without the consent of Franchisee unless 
otherwise required to do so by judicial or administrative order.  If BKC is required to disclose such 
information, BKC shall use reasonable efforts to give Franchisee notice thereof.  Notwithstanding the 
foregoing however, BKC may 1) release general financial or operational information relating to the 
BURGER KING System compiled in whole or in part from Franchisee and/or the Franchised Restaurant so 
long as Franchisee and/or the Franchised Restaurant are not specifically identified, and 2) publish 
operational metrics and scores of the Franchised Restaurant and its rank in comparison to other restaurants 
in the BURGER KING System as long as the publication of the metrics, scores and rankings are distributed 
only to other franchisees of BKC.   
11. 
LIMITATIONS OF FRANCHISE 
A. 
Trademarks, Trade Names, Service Marks and Trade Secrets 
(1) 
Franchisee acknowledges that ownership of all right, title and interest to 
the BURGER KING System and the BURGER KING Marks, are and shall remain vested solely in BKC and 
Franchisee disclaims any right or interest therein or the good will derived therefrom.  All good will associated 
with the BURGER KING Marks is the sole property of BKC. Franchisee agrees that all materials loaned or 
otherwise made available to Franchisee and all disclosures made to Franchisee and not to the general 
public by or at the direction of BKC or its predecessor at any time before or during the Term of this 
Agreement relating to the BURGER KING System, including the MOD Manual in its entirety, financial 
information, marketing strategy and marketing programs are to be considered trade secrets of BKC for 
purposes of this Agreement and shall be kept confidential and used by Franchisee only in connection with 
the operation of the Franchised Restaurant and other franchised BURGER KING Restaurants.  Franchisee 
agrees not to divulge any of the trade secrets to any person other than Franchisee’s employees and then 
only to the extent necessary for the operation of the Franchised Restaurant and, specifically, that 
Franchisee will not, nor permit anyone to, reproduce, copy or exhibit any portion of the MOD Manual or any 
other trade secrets of BKC. Franchisee shall not use any trade secret information for the purpose of 
machine learning, augmented human intelligence development, training any artificial intelligence (“AI”) 
model, algorithm improvement, or similar data aggregation activities without the express written consent of 
BKC. Such uses shall be deemed not to be in connection with the operation of the Franchised Restaurant 
and are expressly prohibited.  Franchisee shall not, without prior written consent from BKC, input any trade 
secret information into any generative AI platform, or disclose such information to any provider or source 
of generative AI services.  Franchisee shall opt out of allowing any provider or source of generative AI to 
utilize trade secret information for training of any AI model or for other purposes. 
(2) 
Franchisee will not, directly or indirectly, at any time during the Term of 
this Agreement or thereafter, do or cause to be done any act or thing disputing, attacking or in any way 
impairing or tending to impair BKC's right, title or interest in the BURGER KING Marks or the BURGER 
KING System.  Franchisee shall immediately notify BKC of all infringements or limitations of the BURGER 
