 
Target Reservation Agreement 
Exhibit C1 (03/2025) 
 
 
 
      6 
attorney fees, incurred by BKC in effecting such defense.  BKC's right to indemnity under this Agreement 
shall arise and be valid notwithstanding that joint or concurrent liability may be imposed on BKC by statute, 
ordinance, regulation or other law. 
7.2 
Insurance.  Developer shall procure the insurance coverage provided for in BKC’s standard form 
of Franchise Agreement as disclosed in BKC’s then-current Franchise Disclosure Document, prior to the 
commencement of construction of a Franchised Restaurant, and shall maintain such insurance coverage 
throughout the term of the Franchise Agreement.  
ARTICLE VIII: BK MCLAMORE FOUNDATION 
Developer shall participate in the fundraising and charitable efforts of the BK McLamore Foundation (the 
“Foundation”).  Developer agrees to purchase at least one (1) One Thousand Dollar ($1,000.00) scholarship 
for the Franchised Restaurant during each year of the term of the Franchise Agreement for the Franchised 
Restaurant at the time specified by the Foundation. 
ARTICLE IX: SEVERABILITY 
If any of the provisions of this Agreement may be construed in more than one way, one of which would 
render the provision illegal or otherwise void, voidable or unenforceable, such provision shall have the 
meaning which renders it valid and enforceable.  This Agreement shall be construed according to its fair 
meaning and not strictly against any party.  If any court or other government authority determines that any 
provision is not enforceable as written, the parties agree that the provision shall be amended so that it is 
enforceable to the fullest extent permissible under the laws and public policies of the jurisdiction in which 
enforcement is sought and affords the parties the same basic rights and obligations and has the same 
economic effect.  If any provision is held invalid or otherwise unenforceable, such findings shall not 
invalidate the remainder of the agreement unless, in the reasonable opinion of BKC, the effect of such 
determination frustrates the purpose of this Agreement whereupon BKC shall have the right by written 
notice to the other party to immediately terminate this Agreement. 
ARTICLE X: ENTIRE AGREEMENT 
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between the parties with respect to 
the subject matter hereof and cancels and supersedes all prior negotiations, understandings and 
agreements, written or oral, relating to the  Target Area and/or Site and development of a Franchised 
Restaurant thereon.  The parties acknowledge that they are not relying upon any representation, warranty, 
condition, agreement or understanding, written or oral, except as herein specified.  Neither this Agreement 
nor any term or provision of it may be changed, waived, discharged, or modified orally.  The only changes, 
waivers, discharges or modifications that will be effective will be those which are in writing and signed by 
the parties to this Agreement.  Nothing in this Section, however, is intended to disclaim any representations 
BKC made in the franchise disclosure document that it furnished to Developer. 
ARTICLE XI: MISCELLANEOUS 
11.1 
Notice.  Any notice shall be in writing and shall be delivered or sent by registered or certified mail 
postage fully prepaid, or a nationally recognized courier service, and if to BKC to: Burger King Company 
LLC, 5707 Blue Lagoon Drive, Miami, Florida 33126, Attn:  General Counsel, if to Developer: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
. All such notices shall be deemed delivered on the earlier of actual 
receipt or the third (3rd) day after being deposited in the US Mail. 
11.2 
Assignment.  This Agreement may not be directly or indirectly assigned, transferred or encumbered 
by Developer.  BKC may assign this Agreement, in whole or in part, at any time in its sole discretion. 
11.3 
Non-Waiver.  Failure of BKC to insist upon strict performance of any terms of this Agreement shall 
not be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach or default. Acceptance by BKC of any money paid by 
