Legacy Entity Franchise Agreement Addendum 
Exhibit J2 (03/2025) 
BK#_________ 
2 
by BKC, and the appearance of the Franchised Restaurant will not thereafter be altered except as 
may be approved in writing by BKC. 
 
4. 
STANDARDS AND UNIFORMITY OF OPERATION. Section 5.K of the Agreement is 
hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
  
K. 
Management of Franchised Restaurant 
 
Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that the individual designated as the 
“Managing Director” (a) must be approved by BKC prior to such designation, (b) must have 
successfully completed the Initial Training, (c) must successfully complete the Continuing 
Operations Training as required by BKC from time to time pursuant to Section 8.A of this 
Agreement, and (d) must be granted the authority by Franchisee to direct any action necessary to 
ensure that the day-to-day operation of the Franchised Restaurant is in compliance with the MOD 
Manual, with this Agreement, and with the terms of any lease and any other agreements relating 
to the Franchised Restaurant.  The Managing Director shall (1) devote full time and best efforts to 
the direct supervision of the day to day operations of the Franchised Restaurant and any other 
BURGER KING Restaurants owned by Franchisee as to which such individual is the Managing 
Director, (2) have no operational or management commitments or responsibilities in any other 
restaurant business, and (3) live in the “vicinity” of the Franchised Restaurant, as the term “vicinity” 
is defined for Managing Directors by BKC from time to time, in its reasonable discretion.  The 
current Managing Director is designated in Exhibit B to this Addendum.  Franchisee represents and 
warrants that the Managing Director presently has and will have, throughout the Term, the authority 
to direct any action necessary to ensure that the day-to-day operation of the Franchised Restaurant 
is in compliance with the MOD Manual, with this Agreement, and with the terms of any lease and 
any other agreements relating to the Franchised Restaurant.  Franchisee has not taken and agrees 
that it will not hereafter take, whether directly or indirectly, any action to avoid the authority 
requirement for the Managing Director through the entry of limiting entity resolutions, management 
agreements, amendments of governing documents or any other device or arrangement.  
Franchisee agrees to furnish BKC with such evidence as BKC may request from time to time for 
the purpose of assuring BKC that the Managing Director's authority remains as represented in this 
Agreement and to require that the Managing Director attend the Continuing Operations Training.  
If the position of Managing Director becomes vacant for any reason, the vacancy shall be filled 
within sixty (60) days by a new Managing Director trained in the BURGER KING System and 
approved by BKC. At all times during the Term, Franchisee shall designate at least one (1) 
individual who is responsible for the direct, on-premises supervision of the Franchised Restaurant 
(the “Restaurant Manager”).  
 
5. 
TRAINING.  Sections 8.A and 8.B of the Agreement are hereby deleted in their entirety 
and replaced with the following:  
A. 
Training Programs 
The Franchised Restaurant shall not open unless the Managing Director, the 
Restaurant Manager and, at BKC's option, the Managing Owner, have successfully completed 
BKC's training program in Miami, Florida or at such other locations as may be specified by BKC 
(the “Initial Training”). Any Managing Director replacing or succeeding a prior Managing Director in 
accordance with Section 5.K above must successfully complete the Initial Training promptly, but no 
later than thirty (30) days after becoming the Managing Director. Any Restaurant Manager replacing 
or succeeding a prior Restaurant Manager must successfully complete the Initial Training prior to 
assuming the responsibilities of Restaurant Manager for the Franchised Restaurant.  BKC may, in 
its sole discretion, waive the Initial Training requirement for the Restaurant Manager.  BKC shall 
provide, and the Managing Owner and Managing Director shall attend, continuing operations 
training programs from time to time as may be directed by BKC to re-enforce operational standards 
(“Continuing Operations Training”).  The required frequency, duration and subject matter of the 
