Lease/Sublease 
Exhibit G1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026) 
BK #_____ 
25 
execute any and all relevant documents in order to assign said Additional Property Lease to Lessor.  After 
the Additional Property Lease has been assigned to Lessor (if said assignment occurs prior to the expiration 
or termination of this Lease), Vendee and Lessor agree to amend this Lease to include the Additional 
Property.  The rent and other charges for the Additional Property shall be calculated by Lessor in 
accordance with its then current formula for the calculation of “BKL” lease rentals. 
For purposes of this Article, notice to the Lessee in the manner indicated in Section 17.2 shall be deemed 
to be notice to Vendee.  The terms and provisions of this Article shall survive the expiration or termination 
of this Lease. 
XV. 
ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATE 
Lessee shall from time to time, within five (5) days after being requested to do so by the Lessor, execute, 
enseal, acknowledge and deliver to the Lessor (or, at Lessor's request, to any existing or prospective 
purchaser, transferee, assignee or mortgagee of any or all of the Premises, any interest therein or any of 
Lessor’s rights under this Lease) an instrument in recordable form; 
(i) 
certifying (a) that the Lease is unmodified and in full force and effect (or, if there has been 
any modification thereof, that it is in full force and effect as so modified, stating therein the 
nature of such modification); (b) as to the dates to which the Rent, the Building 
Improvement Payments and Additional Charges arising hereunder have been paid; (c) as 
to the amount of any prepaid rent or any credit due to Lessee hereunder, (d) that the 
Lessee has accepted possession of the Premises, and the date on which the Term 
commenced; (e) as to whether, to the best knowledge, information and belief of the signer 
of such certificate, the Lessor or the Lessee is then in default in performing any of its 
obligations under the Lease (and, if so, specifying the nature of each such default); and (f) 
as to any other fact or condition reasonably requested by the Lessor or such other 
addressee; and 
(ii) 
acknowledging and agreeing that any statement contained in such certificate may be relied 
upon by Lessor and any such other addressee. 
XVI. 
HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES 
§16.1  COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS.  Lessee shall at all times, at its own cost and expense, comply with all 
federal, state and local laws, ordinances, regulations and standards (“Hazardous Substance Laws”) relating 
to the use, analysis, production, storage, sale, disposal or transportation of any hazardous materials, 
including oil or petroleum products or their derivatives, solvents, PCB’s, explosive substances, asbestos, 
radioactive materials or waste, and any other toxic, ignitable, reactive, corrosive, contaminating or pollution 
materials ‘(“Hazardous Substances”) which are now or in the future subject to any governmental regulation. 
Such compliance shall include any cleanup, removal, remedial action, testing or monitoring (including 
medical monitoring) which may be required under Hazardous Substance Laws, court order or by any 
governmental or regulatory agency. 
§16.2  NOTICES TO LESSOR. 
(a) 
Except with respect to any substance described in Section 16.2(c) below, Lessee shall give 
written notice to Lessor within three (3) business days after the date on which Lessee 
learns or first has reason to believe that: 
