Asset Purchase Agreement 
Exhibit G3 (03/2025) 
4 
miscellaneous inventory items located at each Restaurant (both opened and unopened cases 
and packaging) that, in BKC’s sole discretion, is saleable and usable in the ordinary course of the 
Restaurants’ business from BKC. 
1.31 “Purchased POS Assets” means the point-of-sale equipment and computers 
(excluding any software and the Existing BOS) used in connection with and located at the 
Restaurants at Takeover. At Takeover, BKC shall assign to BUYER the operating system 
software for the Purchased POS Assets, as well as one license for Windows Server ______.  
Except as aforesaid, the existing software and licenses shall not be assigned or transferred to 
BUYER at Closing.  On or before the Closing, the BUYER, at its sole cost and expense, shall be 
required to purchase and enter into new software and license agreement(s) with a BKC approved 
vendor that licenses the software programs for the Purchased POS Assets.  BUYER 
acknowledges that the Purchased POS Assets are connected to telephone/data lines that 
transmit product mix information that is important to the planning process within the Burger King 
System to BKC.   
1.32 
“Purchase Price” means the amount of $_________________(USD). 
1.33 
“Property Taxes” means any and all real estate (other than real property transfer 
or gains) and personal property taxes, assessments, and charges (either certified and/or pending) 
which may be levied upon the Premises, the Restaurants or any of the Purchased Assets. 
1.34 
“Premises” individually and collectively, means the real property upon which the 
Restaurants are located, together with the Restaurant building and any other improvements 
thereon.  The addresses of the Premises are listed on Exhibit “A” attached to this Agreement. 
1.35 
“Restaurant” and collectively, “Restaurants” means the Burger King Restaurants 
whose Purchased Assets are being sold, transferred and conveyed to BUYER pursuant to this 
Agreement.  All of the Restaurants are identified by restaurant number and are set forth on Exhibit 
“A” to this Agreement. 
1.36 
"Restaurant Bank Amount" is defined in Section 2.3 of this Agreement. 
1.37 
“Standards” means the standards, specifications and procedures for Burger King 
Restaurants issued, directed and amended by BKC and/or its Affiliates from time to time, in their 
sole discretion, including those contained from time to time in the MOD Manual, Image Manual, 
Signage Manual, Equipment Manual and Brand Standards Guide, Domain Name Registration 
Guide, General Terms and Conditions of Supply and Distribution and Quality Assurance 
Standards (and such superseding or additional documents as may be issued by BKC and/or its 
Affiliates from time to time). 
1.38 
"Takeover" means the transfer of possession of the operation of the Restaurants, 
which shall occur at 12:00 a.m. on the Takeover Date. 
1.39 
“Takeover Date” means the date on which Takeover occurs, which shall be 12:00 
a.m. on the day after the Closing Date. 
1.40 
“Transaction Due Diligence” means the documents posted to the Data Portal 
with respect to the Restaurants and other matters pertaining to this Agreement for BUYER’s 
review. 
