Item 11 
03/2025, as amended 01/2026 
Page 59 
Moscetti.  Mr. Moscetti joined BKC in June 2025 and has over 15 years of experience in operations, 
training, and standards across the education, hospitality and QSR industries. 
Point of Sale and Restaurant Computer System
 Your Restaurant must use the computers, point of sale (“POS”) equipment and systems including 
self-serve kiosks, mobile apps, broadband internet access, credit card, debit card and gift card processing 
systems, systems which take, process, route and deliver orders or receive payment, and technology for 
communicating with customers and to collect, process and store customer data that we specify.  These items 
must meet any criteria and standards established by us.  (Franchise Agmt. - Sec. 5.F)  You must use an 
integrated electronic register system to record all sales transactions at the Restaurant and support restaurant 
functions such as POS operations, order routing, capture of sales, ticket data, and product ordering.  You 
must purchase POS systems from approved vendors in accordance with our global POS policy.  
Additionally, our global POS policy specifies which software and hardware version and the quantities and 
placement approved for a standard restaurant models (Single and Double Drive Thru locations). 
The Restaurant POS system and all other Restaurant computer systems must function with other 
required equipment (such as drive-thru equipment and kiosks) and generate reports or records that we may 
require in formats specified by us, including formats that incorporate standard naming and numbering 
conventions, and system health metrics specified by us.  Our current requirements include creation and 
maintenance of records of all sales transactions (known as “t-log’s”), secure PCI compliant internet access; 
capacity for electronic ordering of food and other supplies, integrate processing of credit card, debit card 
and gift card transactions; and capture of product sales mix and customer sales detail by us via remote 
internet access.  We have the right to review and access all records and reports generated by the Restaurant 
POS system and all other Restaurant systems.  
We require all Restaurants to transmit POS data and all other Restaurant system data to us through 
data reporting systems offered through vendors approved by us.  These data reporting systems collect data 
from the POS system and other Restaurant systems, consolidate the data, and transmit it to us in formats 
required by us.  You must sign an authorization form allowing your data reporting system vendor to release 
the data to us.  The POS data currently transmitted to us includes all restaurant-level transacted data.  Your 
cost for the data reporting systems will include a one-time set up fee (usually ranging from $0 to $300, 
depending on the system you select and the vendor) and an annual fee per Restaurant (usually ranging from 
$200 to $1,200 per Restaurant, depending on the system you select and the vendor).   
You must pay us our current digital fee (currently, $110 per Restaurant per month, plus 1% of 
monthly digital sales; not to exceed $4,500 per Restaurant per year) to access and use the technology 
platforms that we provide and enable you to provide ordering, delivery, and loyalty program services via 
the BURGER KING® mobile app or website and certain third-party ordering platforms that we may 
designate from time to time.  We require you to participate in the loyalty program, currently referred to as 
the ROYAL PERKS Loyalty Program, for all new and existing BURGER KING® restaurants.  Customers 
who are members of the ROYAL PERKS Loyalty Program can earn points, currently referred to as Crowns, 
and redeem points for eligible menu items at any BURGER KING® restaurant.  Currently, Crowns  are 
earned through member purchases on the BURGER KING® mobile app, website or in-Restaurant orders 
by using a code located in the member’s account or a credit card linked to the member’s account.   
A standard POS system configuration is as follows, although your system may vary:  Minimum 2 
Front Counter POS devices with customer displays, Minimum 2 Drive Thru POS devices without customer 
displays, interior and exterior digital menu boards and media players, 4 receipt printers, 2 expeditor printers, 
1 back office computer with monitor and laser printer, 1 hub/router, 1 modem, uninterrupted power supply, 
4 cash drawers, 4 kitchen display systems (KDS), 2 expeditor display screens, 6 Sticky receipt printers and 
