 
Multiple Target Reservation Agreement (Non-Exclusive) 
Exhibit C2 (03/2025) 
 
 
2 
Developer agrees that a Substitute Target Area is the Developer’s sole and exclusive remedy for the 
circumstances listed above. 
1.3 
No Territorial or Other Rights.  The non-exclusive rights granted to Developer in this Agreement 
are for the Target Areas set forth in Exhibit A only, and: (a) Developer has no express or implied territorial 
rights in any area to develop BURGER KING® restaurants; (b) BKC has the unconditional right to directly 
or indirectly develop, establish and/or approve a franchisee to develop BURGER KING® restaurants within 
and outside of the Target Areas; (c) the development rights specifically exclude the right to obtain approval 
for development of a BURGER KING® restaurant at any institutional locations, including, but not limited to, 
public buildings, schools, hospitals, airports, factories, turnpikes, toll roads, universities, and existing or 
hereafter established U. S. military establishments; and (d) rights or approvals previously granted by BKC 
ors its predecessor to other persons or entities are not affected by this Agreement.  This Agreement shall 
not limit BKC’s ability to renew or extend existing agreements or enter into new agreements for BURGER 
KING® restaurants whether previously approved and under development or otherwise. 
1.4. 
Development by BKC or Third Parties; Waiver due to Site Rejection.  
 
1.4.1 
Consistent with Section 1.3(b), BKC may itself, or through a third party as franchisee, 
develop BURGER KING® restaurants within the Target Areas. 
 
1.4.2 
Where BKC proposes to develop a BURGER KING® at a Site pursuant to clause 1.4.1, it 
shall give notice to Developer of BKC’s or another franchisee’s intention to do so and in such notice identify 
the Site and the Term Year during which Developer must develop a Franchised Restaurant at the Site (“Site 
Notice”). 
 
1.4.3 
Within fifteen (15) days of receiving the Site Notice, Developer shall provide written notice 
to BKC regarding whether Developer elects to develop a Franchised Restaurant at the Site (“Site Reply 
Notice”).  
 
 
1.4.3.1 If Developer elects to develop a Franchised Restaurant at the Site, Developer 
must: (a) obtain Site Approval from BKC and secure property control within sixty (60) days of the Site Notice; 
and (b) develop and operate the Franchised Restaurant by the end of the Term Year identified in the Site 
Notice, and in accordance with the due dates in the Development and Opening Commitment Schedule. 
 
 
1.4.3.2  If Developer elects not to develop a Franchised Restaurant at the Site for any 
reason or no reason (“Site Rejection”), then:  
 
 
 
(a)  BKC may offer the Site to another franchisee for development or develop the 
Site itself without further delay, including any delays or suspensions to the development  process which 
might otherwise be available to Developer in the Procedures for Resolving Development Disputes 
(“Procedures”). Developer hereby waives any right to a Sales Transfer Study under the Procedures with 
respect to the Site, including any right to Conditional Royalty Deferral (as that term is defined in the 
Procedures) based on the results of a Sale Transfer Study.  Developer also hereby waives its rights to an 
“Initial Meeting”, a CEO/PAF conference, or to any delays in the development of the Site which might be 
available under the Procedures; and. 
 
 
 
(b) BKC may terminate for convenience this Agreement and refund any remaining 
Franchise Fee Deposit to Developer. 
 
1.4.4 
Failure by Developer to provide the Site Reply Notice, or to provide the Site Reply Notice 
within fifteen (15) days of receiving the Site Notice, shall constitute a Site Rejection under this Agreement.  
 
1.4.5 
Except as limited by Section 1.4.3.2 above, Developer shall retain the right to utilize the 
ADR Processes (as that term is defined in the Procedures) to resolve a development dispute with respect 
