Item 3 
03/2025 as amended 01/2026  
Page 14
about it, failed to act and instead conspired to terminate ADP’s role as a supplier, thereby breaching an 
alleged oral supply agreement.  Relief sought includes: 1.) $35 million in damages for breach of contract 
and various other claims; 2.) $1 million in aggravated and punitive damages; 3.) an injunction preventing 
PLK, RBI and others from distributing chicken from suppliers who do not meet applicable Canadian health 
and food safety standards; 4.) and defamation related damages, including injunctive relief, and 5.) costs of 
the action. On November 19, 2025, ADP amended the statement of claim to add Robert Manuel, Amjad 
Farooq, Intiaz Mohammad Alli, 2769181 Ontario Inc., 6485405 Canada Inc., NIDA Foods International 
Inc., RIDA Foods International Inc., Shaby International Inc., Urooj Restaurant Ltd., and Y & F Food Corp. 
as defendants to the proceeding. Mr. Manuel sought to have certain parts of the ADP affidavit struck. On 
December 19, 2025, PLK and RBI served a notice of motion to strike all elements of the claim and dismiss 
the case. We are not a party to this litigation. 
Payal Keswani and Kendra Sivertson v. PH Canada Company, Pizza Hut International, LLC, 
Domino’s Pizza, Inc., Domino’s Pizza of Canada Ltd., Little Caesar Enterprises, Inc., Little Caesar of 
Canada ULC, Papa John’s International, Inc., PIZZAPIZZA Limited, Fresh Slice Holdings Ltd., Popeyes 
Louisiana Kitchen, Inc., Restaurant Brands International, Inc., and Vancouver Fried Chicken Corp. dba 
BB.Q Chicken Canada, (Case No. VLC-S-S-254553), Supreme Court of British Columbia, filed on June 
18, 2025. 
On June 18, 2025, a proposed class action was filed in the Supreme Court of British Columbia 
against PLK, RBI, and 10 other fast-food companies and their affiliates. The claim, brought under the Class 
Proceedings Act, alleges that the defendants used unlawful “drip pricing” tactics on their proprietary digital 
platforms. The lawsuit targets PLK’s online and mobile ordering system, which is alleged to display food 
prices without disclosing mandatory delivery fees until the final stages of checkout. The plaintiffs argue 
this renders the initially advertised prices unattainable and constitutes a breach of the Competition Act 
(Canada) as well as various provincial consumer protection laws. The claim also alleges all defendants 
engaged in a substantially similar pattern of misrepresentation. The action seeks damages, restitution, 
disgorgement of delivery and service fees, declaratory relief, and an injunction barring the defendants from 
continuing such pricing practices. The proposed class includes all Canadian consumers who paid these fees 
since June 18, 2023. We are not a party to this litigation. 
Steve Hugi v. Restaurant Brands International US Services LLC and Restaurant Brands 
International Inc., (Case No. 1:25-cv-26046-DPG) U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida, 
filed on January 2, 2026. 
On January 2, 2026, RBI was served with a putative class action complaint.  In the complaint, the 
Plaintiff alleges that the Firehouse Subs website (www.firehousesubs.com) (i) deploys and transmits 
information to third party platforms (e.g., Google and Meta) via non-essential cookies and trackers before 
a user can take action via the website’s cookie banner to opt out of such information sharing, and (ii) 
continues transmitting such information to such third party platforms even after a user disables non-
essential cookies and trackers via the website’s cookie banner. The Plaintiff’s complaint asserts claims 
under the California’s Invasion of Privacy Act (CIPA) (including wiretap, pen register, and trap-and-trace 
provisions), the Florida Security of Communications Act (FSCA), as well as common law claims including 
intrusion upon seclusion, fraud/deceit, and unjust enrichment. The Plaintiff seeks to represent a nationwide 
class of U.S. visitors and California and Florida subclasses, and seeks class certification, statutory damages 
(including under CIPA and FSCA), attorneys’ fees, and other relief deemed just and proper. We are not a 
party to this litigation. 
