Lease/Sublease 
Exhibit G1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026) 
BK #_____ 
11 
Upon compliance with the above provisions, Lessor or the insurance trustee shall, out of 
such insurance proceeds and such other funds as may have been made available, pay or 
cause to be paid to Lessee or its designee, the respective amounts due. 
If the insurance proceeds and other funds deposited with Lessor or the insurance trustee, 
less the actual cost, fees and expenses, if any, incurred in connection with the adjustment 
of the loss, are insufficient to pay the entire cost of the Restoration, Lessee will pay the 
deficiency. 
At least ten (10) days before the commencement of Restoration, Lessee shall notify Lessor 
of its intention to restore the Premises.  During Restoration, this Lease shall not terminate, 
nor shall the Rent and the Additional Charges payable under this Lease be abated or be 
affected in any manner. 
§5.9  WARRANTIES: DISCLAIMER.  Lessor shall provide Lessee with the benefit of any warranties 
provided by the building contractor.  Lessor expressly disclaims any other warranty, either express or 
implied, and Lessee acknowledges that neither Lessor nor its agents have made any representations or 
promises with respect to the Premises except as expressly set forth in this Lease, and no rights, easements 
or licenses are acquired by Lessee by implication or otherwise except as expressly set forth herein.  The 
taking of possession of the Premises by Lessee shall be conclusive evidence that the Lessee has accepted 
the Premises “AS IS,” including any latent or patent defects.  Lessee acknowledges that Lessee is relying 
on its own independent inspection.  Lessor agrees to cooperate with and assist Lessee in asserting claims 
against contractors or others providing work and/or services to the Premises. 
§5.10  CONTRACTS.  Lessee shall not without Lessor’s consent enter into any service contract or 
agreement relating to the furnishing of any services to the Premises or the occupants of it unless such 
contract or agreement shall by its terms be terminable on no more than thirty (30) days’ notice or shall 
expressly provide that it shall not become binding on Lessor in the event that this Lease is terminated or 
expires.  Lessee shall furnish Lessor with copies of all service contracts or agreements affecting the 
Premises that are now in existence or that are subsequently entered into. 
§5.11  REFUSE.  Lessee shall not allow any refuse, garbage or other loose or objectionable materials to 
accumulate on or about the Premises, will at all times keep the Premises in a clean and wholesome 
condition, and shall be responsible for the removal of all garbage or loose or objectionable materials 
emanating from the Premises. Lessee shall not dispose of any trash or garbage in or about the Premises 
except for in areas provided therefor by Lessor.  
§5.12  LOADING AND UNLOADING.  Lessee shall take all reasonable precautions to ensure that loading 
and unloading of merchandise, supplies, materials or chattels shall be made only through or by means of 
doorways and openings designated by Lessor.  
§5.13  CONDUCT AND HOURS OF OPERATION.  Lessee covenants to operate and conduct its business 
in a high-class and reputable manner and to conduct its business in the Premises during such hours as set 
out in the Franchise Agreement.  
§5.14  HEAT.  Lessee covenants to heat the Premises so as, at all times, to protect the Premises and all 
of its contents from damage by cold or frost.  
VI. 
BUILDING IMPROVEMENT FUNDS 
§6.1  BUILDING IMPROVEMENT FUNDS.  In addition to, and without limiting or diminishing in any manner 
whatsoever Lessee’s repair and maintenance obligations set forth in Section 5.2 of this Lease, Lessee is 
required to fund a building improvement reserve for the replacement of certain improvements now or 
