Midterm Remodel Forbearance Agreement 
Exhibit W (03/2025) 
1 
MIDTERM REMODEL FORBEARANCE AGREEMENT 
 
THIS MIDTERM REMODEL FORBEARANCE AGREEMENT (the "Forbearance Agreement") is 
made as of this _____ day of ________________, 20___, by and between BURGER KING COMPANY 
LLC, a Florida limited liability company (“BKC”); and the individual, individuals, ,entity, and/or entities whose 
names are set forth in the column labeled “Franchisee” in the table attached hereto as Exhibit A (the 
“Franchisee”). 
 
RECITALS: 
 
A. 
Franchisee is the franchisee pursuant to those certain franchise agreements with BKC as 
identified on Exhibit A attached to this Forbearance Agreement (as at any time amended, collectively, the 
“Franchise Agreements” and each, individually, a “Franchise Agreement”).  Pursuant to the Franchise 
Agreements, Franchisee owns and operates the BURGER KING® Restaurants identified on Exhibit A 
attached to this Forbearance Agreement (collectively, the “Restaurants” and each, individually, a 
“Restaurant”); 
 
B. 
Franchisee has failed to perform Franchisee’s obligations to remodel, improve and alter 
the exterior of each of the Restaurants to bring them into conformance with the Current Image in accordance 
with the timetables set forth in each applicable Franchise Agreement and therefore Franchisee is in default 
under each of the Franchise Agreements (collectively, the "Defaults"); 
 
C. 
BKC is entitled to exercise all of its rights and remedies under the Franchise Agreements 
as a result of the Defaults;  
 
D. 
Franchisee has requested that BKC forbear from exercising any and all of its rights and 
remedies under the Franchise Agreements as a result of the Defaults so as to provide Franchisee an 
opportunity to satisfy their obligations under the Franchise Agreements in accordance with this Forbearance 
Agreement; 
 
E. 
It is the desire of BKC to avoid the delay and expense involved in a formal legal proceeding 
and BKC is therefore willing to forbear from enforcing its rights and remedies under the Franchise 
Agreements and grant the Franchisee an opportunity to satisfy their obligations on the terms and conditions 
set forth herein; and 
 
F. 
Accordingly, Franchisee wishes to complete certain renovations, repairs, replacements, 
remodelings and/or rebuildings necessary to bring the exterior of each Restaurant into conformance with 
BKC’s Current Image, as determined by BKC in BKC’s sole discretion (such renovations, repairs, 
replacements, remodelings, and/or rebuildings of the exterior of a Restaurant, referred to herein as, a 
“Midterm Remodel”), as set forth in more detail herein.  
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual terms, conditions and covenants hereinafter 
set forth and for other good and valuable consideration which each of the parties hereto acknowledge is 
sufficient to create a binding agreement, the parties agree as follows: 
 
1. 
Recitals; Definitions.  The parties hereto agree that all of the above recitals are true and correct 
and are hereby incorporated by reference as if each were fully set forth herein.  All capitalized terms used 
but not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the applicable Franchise Agreement.    
 
2. 
Default; Forbearance. Franchisee hereby confirms and acknowledges that, as of the date of this 
Forbearance Agreement, Franchisee is in default under each of the Franchise Agreements as a result of 
the Defaults. As an inducement for BKC to enter into this Forbearance Agreement and to forbear from 
enforcing its rights under the Franchise Agreements, Franchisee acknowledges, agrees, and confirms that 
BKC has not waived, and Franchisee agrees not to assert that BKC has waived, any of BKC’s rights under 
the Franchisee Agreements for any reason, including without limitation as a result of BKC forbearing from 
