Lease/Sublease 
Exhibit G1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026) 
BK #_____ 
28 
(b) 
Lessor, in its sole discretion, shall determine if the request should be honored and, if so, 
under what conditions. 
(c) 
If Lessor determines that the request should be honored, then Lessee shall cooperate with 
such Remediation so long as the third party agrees to comply with the provisions of Section 
16.4(b) above and with any other reasonable conditions requested by Lessee. 
(d) 
Lessee agrees to sign any documentation reasonably required by Lessor and/or any such 
third party in order to effectuate the provisions of this Section 16.6. 
§16.7  LEASE EXPIRATION.  Upon the expiration or earlier termination of the Term of this Lease, Lessee 
shall (i) cause all Hazardous Substances previously owned, stored or used by Lessee to be removed from 
the Premises and disposed of in accordance with applicable Hazardous Substances Laws; (ii) remove any 
aboveground or underground storage tanks or other containers installed or used by Lessee to store any 
Hazardous Substances on the Premises, and repair any damage to the Premises caused by such removal; 
(iii) cause any soil or other portion of the Premises which has become contaminated by any Hazardous 
Substances stored or used by Lessee on the Premises to be decontaminated, detoxified or otherwise 
remediated in accordance with the requirements of any governmental authorities having jurisdiction over 
the Premises; and (iv) surrender possession of the Premises to Lessor free of contamination attributable to 
Hazardous Substances generated or used by Lessee in or on the Premises during the Term of this Lease. 
§16.8  INDEMNIFICATION BY LESSEE.  Lessee shall indemnify, defend with counsel reasonably 
acceptable to Lessor, and hold Lessor free and harmless from any and all liabilities, damages, claims, 
penalties, fines, settlements, causes of action, costs or expense, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, 
environmental consultant and laboratory fees and the costs and expense of investigating and defending 
any claims or proceedings, resulting from or attributable to (i) the presence, disposal, migration, release or 
threatened release of any Hazardous Substance that is on, from or affecting the Premises including the 
soil, water, vegetation, buildings, personal property persons, or otherwise; (ii) any bodily injury (including 
wrongful death) or property damage (real or personal) arising out of or relating to such Hazardous 
Substance(s); (iii) any lawsuits or administrative order relating to such Hazardous Substance(s); or any 
violation of any laws applicable to any Hazardous Substance for which Lessee is responsible under this 
Lease.  Lessee’s indemnification obligations under this Section shall survive the expiration or earlier 
termination of this Lease.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Lessee shall have no 
liability or responsibility to Lessor for liabilities, damages, claims, penalties, fines, settlements, causes of 
action, cost or expense arising out of any Hazardous Substances that Lessee can demonstrate were  
situated on or under the Premises prior to the Lease Date, provided Lessee did not cause or exacerbate 
the release of any such Hazardous Substance through its negligence or willful misconduct. 
XVII. 
MISCELLANEOUS 
§17.1  ARBITRATION.  In the event of arbitration under Section 11.3 of this Lease, the arbitration shall be 
held in the Miami Dade County, Florida, in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association 
requiring the appointment of three (3) arbitrators. 
§17.2  NOTICES.  Every notice, approval, consent or other communication authorized or required by this 
Lease shall be effective if given in writing and if hand delivered or sent by United States Registered or 
Certified Mail, Return Receipt Requested, with postage prepaid, and addressed directly to Lessor at its 
offices at the address set forth on the Key Contract Data Page, and to Lessee at the address set forth on 
the Key Contract Data Page, or at such other address as either party shall from time to time designate in 
writing.  Every notice shall be deemed to be effective upon delivery, if delivered, or on the second business 
day after mailing, if mailed. 
