 
Non-Traditional Facility Addendum (Entity) 
Exhibit E2 (03/2025) 
BK #_________ 
3 
opens for business, the records maintained by BKC shall control and be dispositive.  FRANCHISEE 
agrees to operate the Franchised Restaurant at the Premises for the entire duration of the Term.  
FRANCHISEE accepts this franchise with the full and complete understanding that the franchise 
grant contains no promise or assurance of renewal.  The sole and entire conditions under which 
FRANCHISEE will have the opportunity of obtaining a Successor BURGER KING Franchise 
Agreement at expiration are those set forth herein in Section 17.  This franchise is for the specified 
location only and does not in any way grant or imply any area, market or territorial rights proprietary 
to FRANCHISEE.  Notwithstanding anything set forth above, if FRANCHISEE continues to operate 
the Franchised Restaurant after the end of the Term and does not obtain a Successor BURGER 
KING Franchise Agreement in accordance with Section 17, FRANCHISEE shall be deemed to be 
operating such Franchised Restaurant on a month-to-month basis under the terms and conditions 
of this Agreement and BKC may terminate this Agreement at any time after the end of the Term 
upon thirty (30) days prior written notice. 
3. 
The following introductory sections are hereby added to Section 5 of the Franchise Agreement 
(STANDARDS AND UNIFORMITY OF OPERATION): 
FRANCHISEE acknowledges that the signs, equipment installation and configuration, 
menu, size and appearance of the Franchised Restaurant operated pursuant to this Agreement 
may significantly differ from that of a Traditional Restaurant. Changes in the standards, 
specifications and procedures applicable to the operation of the Franchised Restaurant and related 
Common Areas may become necessary and desirable from time to time, and FRANCHISEE agrees 
to accept and comply with such modifications and revisions. The adoption of such standards shall 
be solely at the discretion of BKC. 
FRANCHISEE acknowledges that if the Premises includes a convenience store, the 
convenience store will not sell those items listed on Exhibit "D" attached hereto. 
Employees of FRANCHISEE (i) shall not wear BURGER KING restaurant uniforms when 
working at any other business operated on the Premises, and (ii) shall not be assigned to work at 
the Franchised Restaurant and at any other business operated on the Premises 
contemporaneously during any shift of work hours. 
4. 
The following subsections of Section 5 of the Franchise Agreement are hereby deleted in their 
entirety and replaced by the following, and all of the other subsections shall remain unchanged: 
B. 
Franchised Restaurant 
The Franchised Restaurant shall be constructed and improved in the manner authorized 
and approved by BKC, and the appearance of the exterior of the Premises, the Franchised 
Restaurant as set forth on Exhibit "A", the material features set forth on Exhibit "B" and the Common 
Areas shall not thereafter be altered except as may be approved in writing by BKC. 
If the Franchised Restaurant shares a common storage area with any other business 
operated on the Premises, FRANCHISEE will maintain the common storage area in accordance 
with the applicable provisions of the MOD Manual. If the Premises includes another restaurant 
concept, but only one drive-thru window, the drive-thru window shall be located on the BURGER 
KING side of the Premises, and FRANCHISEE shall only service BURGER KING customers with 
BURGER KING approved product at the drive-thru window. 
If each of the Co-Branded Businesses operated at the Premises has a separate restroom 
facility, the restroom located at the Franchised Restaurant shall be maintained in accordance with 
BKC's standards for restroom cleanliness and repair. If there is only one restroom facility located 
on the Premises, it shall be maintained in accordance with BKC's standards for cleanliness and 
repair. In addition, FRANCHISEE shall not sell any items in the restroom without BKC's approval. 
