During the fourth quarter of 2024, we adjusted our preliminary estimate of the fair value of net assets acquired. The preliminary 
allocation of consideration to the net tangible and intangible assets acquired is presented in the table below (in millions): 
May 16, 2024
Total current assets
$ 
81 
Property and equipment
 
294 
Reacquired franchise rights
 
363 
Operating lease assets
 
705 
Other assets
 
24 
Accounts and drafts payable
 
(13) 
Other accrued liabilities
 
(150) 
Current portion of long-term debt and finance leases
 
(434) 
Finance leases, net of current portion
 
(9) 
Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion
 
(684) 
Other liabilities
 
(10) 
Total identifiable net assets
 
167 
Goodwill
 
481 
Total consideration
$ 
648 
The adjustments to the preliminary estimate of net assets acquired resulted in a $16 million increase to the preliminary estimated 
goodwill, primarily reflecting a $22 million decrease in the estimated fair value of reacquired franchise rights, partially offset by 
changes in estimated fair values of other net assets acquired.
The purchase price allocation reflects preliminary fair value estimates for property and equipment, deferred income taxes and 
goodwill, which are based on management's analysis, including preliminary work performed by third-party valuation specialists. 
During the measurement period, we will continue to obtain information to assist in determining and finalizing the fair value of these 
items.
Reacquired franchise rights, which represent the fair value of reacquired franchise agreements determined using the excess 
earnings method, are amortized over the remaining term of the reacquired franchise agreement and have an estimated weighted 
average remaining term of 12 years. 
Goodwill is considered to represent the value associated with the workforce and synergies anticipated to be realized as a 
combined company. Goodwill will be allocated to reporting units when the purchase price allocation is finalized during the 
measurement period.
Total revenues of Carrols from the acquisition date of May 16, 2024 through December 31, 2024, which have been included 
within Company restaurant sales in our consolidated financial statements, totaled $1,171 million. 
Supplemental Pro Forma Information
The following table presents unaudited supplemental pro forma consolidated revenue for 2024 and 2023 as if the Carrols 
Acquisition had occurred on January 1, 2023 (in millions): 
2024
2023
Total revenues
$ 
9,022 $ 
8,707 
The unaudited supplemental pro forma consolidated revenue gives effect to actual revenues prior to the Carrols Acquisition, 
adjusted to exclude the elimination of intercompany transactions. Other than the impact of the Step Acquisition Gain and Carrols 
Acquisition Costs (as discussed above), supplemental pro forma net earnings, assuming the Carrols Acquisition had occurred on 
January 1, 2023, would not be materially different from the results reported during 2024 and 2023. 
The unaudited pro forma information has been prepared for comparative purposes only, in accordance with the acquisition 
method of accounting, and is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that would have occurred if the Carrols Acquisition 
had been completed on the date indicated, nor is it indicative of our future operating results. 
Table of Contents
73
