Midterm Remodel Forbearance Agreement 
Exhibit W (03/2025) 
2 
enforcing its rights under those agreements. 
 
3. 
Restaurants; Midterm Remodel Deadline.  As a further inducement for BKC to enter into this 
Forbearance Agreement and to forbear from enforcing its rights under the Franchise Agreements, 
Franchisee agrees to cure the Defaults and to Complete (as defined below) a Midterm Remodel of each of 
the Restaurants in accordance with the Remodel Schedule set forth on Exhibit B (the “Remodel 
Schedule”). Each Midterm Remodel of a Restaurant shall be Completed, in accordance with all provisions 
of this Forbearance Agreement, on or before the respective Remodel Deadline set forth in the Remodel 
Schedule (each, a “Remodel Deadline”), which in no event shall be later than December 31, 2026. 
Franchisee shall obtain all required operational and legal consents and approvals, whether from BKC, any 
governmental body, or any other third party, in connection with the Midterm Remodel to be performed at 
each Restaurant.  For purposes of this Forbearance Agreement, (a) the term “Complete” or “Completed” 
shall mean that the Midterm Remodel of the relevant Restaurant has been completed in accordance with 
the Remodel Requirements (as defined below), such determination having been made by BKC, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, including with respect to the method and scope of all inspections conducted by 
BKC or The Steritech Group, Inc. or another third-party inspection company designated by BKC, and the 
related terms “Completion”, “Completes” or “Completing” shall be read accordingly, and (b) the term 
“Remodel Requirements” means the improvements, alterations, remodeling, and/or rebuilding are 
performed in accordance with (i) the terms and conditions of this Forbearance Agreement, (ii) the Scope of 
Work (as defined below) as approved by BKC pursuant to the provisions of this Forbearance Agreement, 
(iii) to the then Current Image or such other specifications required by BKC at the material time(s) for the 
exterior of the Restaurant, including without limitation those items in the applicable FIR (as defined below) 
issued to Franchisee, if any, and (iv) in compliance with all applicable laws, ordinances, and regulations. 
 
4. 
Assurances.  By accepting this Forbearance Agreement and as additional consideration for BKC’s 
entry into this Forbearance Agreement, Franchisee represents and warrants that Franchisee intends to 
Complete the Midterm Remodels of all of the Restaurants on or before their respective Remodel Deadlines, 
subject to the terms of this Forbearance Agreement. 
 
5. 
Midterm Remodel Requirements.   
 
a. 
Pre-Inspections.  Prior to the commencement of any Midterm Remodel of any Restaurant, 
BKC at BKC’s sole option, may conduct an inspection of such Restaurant, and may issue a Facility 
Inspection Report (“FIR”) to Franchisee.  Franchisee hereby grants BKC and its representatives, including 
without limitation, BKC’s Construction Managers and Directors/Senior Directors of Construction and 
employees of The Steritech Group, Inc. or another third-party inspection company designated by BKC, 
reasonable access during normal business hours to each specified Restaurant’s facilities for purposes of 
conducting its initial inspections and conducting inspections throughout the construction process.  If BKC 
elects to inspect and issue an FIR, Franchisee shall review the FIR for completeness and accuracy, and 
Franchisee hereby acknowledges that such FIR shall be deemed to completely and accurately reflect the 
condition of the Restaurant as of the date stated in such FIR, unless and to the extent Franchisee notifies 
BKC otherwise in writing within ten (10) days of BKC’s issuance of such FIR.   In the event Franchisee so 
notifies BKC and BKC determines, in BKC’s sole and absolute discretion, that it would be appropriate to 
amend the FIR, BKC is entitled to amend the FIR and submit such revised FIR to Franchisee within fifteen 
(15) days after the receipt of the notice from Franchisee in accordance with this Section 5(a).  Upon 
submission of the revised FIR to Franchisee, such revised FIR shall become final and binding upon 
Franchisee.  If BKC, in BKC’s sole and absolute discretion, does not send Franchisee a revised FIR in such 
fifteen (15) day period, then the FIR previously provided to Franchisee shall become final and binding upon 
Franchisee upon the expiration of such fifteen (15) day period.  The failure of BKC to comply with any of 
the timelines set forth in this Section 5 shall not excuse Franchisee from Completing the Midterm Remodel 
of any Restaurant or from complying with any Remodel Deadline. 
 
b. 
Franchisee is solely responsible for all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the 
Midterm Remodels. The Midterm Remodel includes improvements, alterations, remodeling, and/or 
rebuilding of the Restaurant to reflect the Current Image of BKC as BKC may determine in its sole discretion, 
