Item 5 
03/2025, as amended 01/2026 
                  Page 23
Development Agreements.
As described in Item 1 of this disclosure document, we occasionally grant Development 
Agreements (Exhibit M1).  If you sign a Development Agreement, you must prepay $50,000 for each 
Restaurant you commit to develop under the  Development Agreement.  These amounts will be credited 
towards the initial franchise fees payable by you as you develop Restaurants until exhausted.  These prepaid 
initial franchise fees are due upon signing the  Development Agreement.  
For any Restaurant opened after these prepaid initial franchise fees are exhausted, you must pay an 
applicable initial franchise fee to us based on your FSS Development Grade.  To determine your FSS 
Development Grade, we evaluate your operational performance using a system known as the “Franchise 
Success System” (“FSS”), under which we assign a letter grade of “A”, “B”, “D”, or “F”.  The “FSS 
Development Grade” is the average of all of your FSS grades, as we determine, received during the 12-
month period preceding our issuance of the BK # for a Restaurant.  This FSS Development Grade is also 
used for setting the royalty rate and advertising contribution (see Item 6) payable under the Franchise 
Agreements for each Restaurant developed.  In determining your FSS Development Grade, if you have yet 
to receive your first FSS letter grade at the time of our determination, then you will be deemed to have most 
recently received a single FSS letter grade of “B” until such time as you have received an official actual 
FSS letter grade.  In determining any FSS grade for these purposes, we may consider the performance of 
the BURGER KING® restaurants owned and operated by you and your affiliates, by any other franchisee 
owned by any of your owners, or by any other franchisee owned by any “Managing Owner” or “Operating 
Partner” under any franchise agreement entered into by you or your affiliate.   
For each Restaurant opened under the Development Agreement, you must sign our then-current 
form of Franchise Agreement (which may vary substantially from the terms of the Franchise Agreements 
included in this disclosure document), and pay us an initial franchise fee of: $25,000 if the FSS 
Development Grade for that Restaurant is an “A”   or “B”; or the Base Fee amount if the FSS Development 
Grade for that Restaurant is either a “D” or “F”.  With respect to the initial franchise fee, “Base Fee” means 
the greater of $50,000 or the then-current standard (undiscounted) initial franchise fee required for new 
franchisees. If your Restaurant is eligible to receive a reduced initial franchise fee from any other agreement 
or program with us, you must select either that reduced initial franchise fee or the reduced initial franchise 
fee provided under the Development Agreement, but you will not receive both reductions. 
However, if you fail to meet the cumulative opening target for any development year under your  
Development Agreement, you may cure this default by opening the number of Shortfall Restaurants (see 
Item 6) within the required cure period. We may, upon notice to you, elect to charge you or your affiliate 
for each Shortfall Restaurant and, if the development default is not cured, all other Restaurants previously 
developed under the Development Agreement, an initial franchise fee equal to the Base Fee amount. 
Training Fees.   
As described in Item 11 of this disclosure document, each Franchisee or applicant (or appropriate 
individual(s)) must complete certain training before being approved by us to operate a Restaurant.  Some 
of these courses may require payment of a nonrefundable materials or course fee to us or a third party.  The 
fee for each trainee is $7,500, payable before training begins. From time to time, we may offer reduced 
training fees or package pricing for Franchisees enrolling multiple participants in the same session. Any 
such discounts are offered at our discretion and may vary based on timing, availability, and program 
enrollment levels. 
