Asset Purchase Agreement 
Exhibit G3 (03/2025) 
3 
1.17 
“DMA” means designated market area as determined by BKC in its sole discretion.
1.18 
“Executory Contracts” mean all existing executory contracts concerning the 
operation, use and occupancy of the Restaurants and the Premises, including all equipment and 
maintenance contracts, music contracts and those other executory contracts, all such executory 
contracts being set forth in Exhibit “C” attached to this Agreement. 
1.19 
“Existing BOS” means the “back of the office” server and software for the 
Purchased POS Assets. 
1.20 
“Franchise Agreement” and collectively, “Franchise Agreements” means the 
form of franchise agreement authorized by BKC to be used in the United States which grants a 
franchisee the right to operate a Burger King Restaurant at a specific location.  The form of 
Franchise Agreement is attached as Exhibit “B-1” to this Agreement.   
1.21 
“Fuel the Flame Co-Investment Agreement” means the form of the Fuel the 
Flame Co-Investment Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit “B-7”.  
1.22 
“Guarantor” has the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 
1.23  “Guaranty” means the form of guaranty authorized by BKC to be used in the 
United States pursuant to which GUARANTOR guarantees BUYER’s performance under the 
Ancillary Agreements to which BUYER is a party.  The form of Guaranty is attached hereto as 
Exhibit “B-3” to this Agreement. 
1.24 
“Law” and collectively, “Laws” means any laws, rules, statutes, decrees, 
regulations, circulars, ordinances or orders, including all applicable public, environmental, and 
competition laws and regulations; and any administrative decisions, judgments and other 
pronouncements enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered by any Authority.    
1.25 
“Lease” and collectively, “Leases” means the form of lease/sublease agreements 
authorized by BKC to be used in the United States for Burger King Restaurants premises which 
are leased to franchisees by BKC. The form of Lease is attached as Exhibit “B-2” to this 
Agreement. 
1.26 
“Limited Release” means the form of Limited Release from BUYER to BKC 
attached hereto as Exhibit “B-8”. 
 1.27 “Person” means any individual, corporation, general or limited partnership, limited 
liability company, limited liability partnership, joint venture, estate, trust, association, 
unincorporated association, joint stock company, organization, labor union, or other entity or 
Authority.   
1.28 
“Purchased Assets” means all of BKC’s interest in the Purchased Equipment, 
Purchased Inventory, and Purchased POS Assets.   
1.29  “Purchased Equipment” means all furniture, trade fixtures, telephone numbers, 
permits and restaurant equipment used in connection with and located at each Restaurant at 
Takeover. 
1.30 
“Purchased Inventory” means all food, beverages, uniforms and other 
