Lease/Sublease 
Exhibit G1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026) 
BK #_____ 
29 
§17.3  ADDRESS FOR PAYMENTS.   Payments are to be made via BK® ePay, ACH or Wire Transfer 
unless otherwise notified in writing by Lessor. If BK® ePay, ACH or Wire Transfer are unavailable at any 
time a payment is due, then such payment shall be sent by Regular or Overnight Mail: Global Business 
Services – Accounts Receivable, 5707 Blue Lagoon Drive, 3rd Floor, Miami, FL 33126.   
§17.4  CONSTRUCTION.  In the event that any of the provisions of this Lease shall by court order be held 
invalid or in contravention of any of the laws of the United States or of any state having jurisdiction over the 
subject matter or of any dispute arising under it, such invalidation shall not serve to affect the remaining 
portion of this Lease.  To the extent permitted by the laws of the state where the Premises are located, this 
Lease shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida. 
§17.5  SUCCESSORS.  This Lease shall bind Lessor and Lessee and their successors, heirs, assigns, 
administrators, and legal representatives, as the case may be. 
§17.6  RECORDING.  Lessee shall upon request of Lessor execute a short form of this Lease on a written 
document witnessed and acknowledged in a form capable of being recorded in the public records of the 
county where the Premises are located.  Lessee shall not record this Lease without prior written consent of 
Lessor. 
§17.7  COUNTERPARTS.  This Lease is being executed simultaneously in counterparts, any one of which 
shall be deemed an original. 
§17.8  NO AGENCY.  The parties hereto agree that the business relationship created by this Lease is solely 
that of Lessor and Lessee.  Nothing contained in this Lease shall make Lessee an agent, legal 
representative, partner, subsidiary, joint venturer or employee of Lessor.  Lessee shall have no right or 
power to, and shall not bind or obligate Lessor in any way, manner or thing whatsoever, nor represent that 
it has any right to do so. 
§17.9  TIME OF THE ESSENCE.  Time shall be of the essence in every part of this Lease. 
§17.10  BINDING EFFECT.  This Lease shall become immediately binding on the parties to this Lease on 
the date the last party signs it, notwithstanding that the Term of this Lease shall commence upon a future 
date. 
§17.11  HEADINGS.  The table of contents preceding this Lease and the headings of the paragraphs and 
subparagraphs are inserted solely for the convenience of reference and shall not constitute a part of this 
Lease, nor limit, define or describe the scope or intent of this Lease. 
§17.12  JOINT AND SEVERAL LIABILITY.  If Lessee consists of more than one person, each individual’s 
liability under this Lease shall be joint and several. 
§17.13  ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  This Lease constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto 
with respect to the subject matter of this Lease, and this Lease shall not be modified, amended, altered or 
changed except by prior written agreement signed by both parties. If any provision herein is invalid, it shall 
be considered deleted from this Lease and shall not invalidate the remaining provisions.   Nothing in this 
Section, however, is intended to disclaim any representations Lessor made in the franchise disclosure 
document that it furnished to Lessee. 
§17.14  TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION OF THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT.  In the event that Lessee’s 
Franchise Agreement expires or is terminated for any reason whatsoever, this Lease shall be terminated 
forthwith and upon such termination, Lessor shall have the right to re-enter and take immediate possession 
of the Premises.  
