 
Non-Traditional Facility Addendum (Entity) 
Exhibit E2 (03/2025) 
BK #_________ 
2 
Co-Branded Business(es): 
One or more business concepts, such as retail gas stations, food service, convenience stores, 
other franchised businesses or restaurants or other similar facilities, which are located at the 
Premises where the Franchised Restaurant is located and operated. 
Mall Location: 
A Mall location is either a Traditional Restaurant, Non-Traditional Restaurant, or an In-Line 
Restaurant located within a facility that contains multiple retail concepts, including goods and food 
outlets. 
Institutional Locations: 
Institutional locations include government building and facilities, medical facilities, airports, train 
and bus stations, sports facilities, factories, corporate campuses, turnpikes, limited access toll 
roads, theme parks, zoos, casinos, and educational facilities. 
Common Areas: 
The areas of the Premises which may be shared by the Franchised Restaurant and the other 
businesses operated on the Premises, if any, including but not limited to seating areas, parking, 
restrooms, garbage and storage areas, fountain drinks station and the like. 
Operator: 
Any Person (except for FRANCHISEE and FRANCHISEE'S principals and employees) who owns, 
operates, controls or maintains a business located on the Premises during the Term of the 
Franchise Agreement. 
Person: 
Any natural person, corporation, unincorporated organization, trust, joint-stock company, joint 
venture, association, company or partnership. 
Premises: 
The real estate, site, building and improvements, more particularly described on Exhibit C to this 
Addendum, where the Franchised Restaurant is located and operated. The Premises includes the 
Common Areas. 
2. 
Section 1 of the Franchise Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following: 
1. 
FRANCHISE GRANT:  TERM AND LOCATION 
BKC grants to FRANCHISEE and FRANCHISEE accepts a franchise for the duration of 
the Term (defined below) to use the BURGER KING System and the BURGER KING marks only 
in the operation of a BURGER KING Restaurant at the location described on the Key Contract Data 
page attached to this Agreement and incorporated by reference herein (the "Franchised 
Restaurant') (the term "Franchised Restaurant” consists solely of the shaded portions of the 
premises as set forth on Exhibit "A” (the “Premises”)).  The term of this Agreement commences on 
the date the Franchised Restaurant opens for business (the "Commencement Date"), and shall 
expire ____ (__) years thereafter (the "Term"), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the 
provisions of this Agreement.  In the event of a dispute over the date that the Franchised Restaurant 
