Franchise Agreement (Individual/Owner-Operator) 
Exhibit D1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026) 
BK#______ 
12 
G. 
Alternative Method Of Payment 
BKC may, at its option, require payment of the Royalty or Advertising Contribution 
or both by making direct monthly withdrawals in the form of an electronic or similar funds transfer in the 
appropriate amount(s) from Franchisee's bank account.  In the event that this option is exercised, 
Franchisee agrees to execute and deliver to its bank and to BKC those documents necessary to authorize 
such withdrawals and to make payment or deposit as directed by BKC.  Franchisee further agrees that it 
will not thereafter terminate such authorization so long as this Agreement is in effect.  Franchisee agrees 
that it will not close such bank account without prior notice to BKC and the establishment of a substitute 
bank account permitting such withdrawals.  Franchisee also agrees that in the event that a direct electronic 
funds transfer or other withdrawal program is not available at the bank at which it currently does its business, 
it will take all reasonable and necessary steps to establish an account at a bank which does have such a 
program.  In addition, BKC may require payment of Royalty, Advertising Contribution and any other fees 
required to be paid pursuant to this Agreement using BKC’s internet web portal called “BK® ePay”, or any 
other electronic or digital payment method that BKC may require in the future. 
H. 
No Set Off 
The Royalty and Advertising Contribution must be paid in full free of any 
deductions or set-off whatsoever (except withholding Tax if required to be withheld from the relevant 
payment by applicable laws).  
10. 
ACCOUNTING PROCEDURES: RIGHT OF AUDIT 
A. 
Accounting 
Franchisee agrees to keep true, accurate and complete records of Franchisee’s 
business in such form as BKC now or hereafter may require and to furnish BKC with a monthly and fiscal 
year to date profit and loss statement in the format prescribed by BKC.  Franchisee shall also submit to 
BKC quarterly balance sheets, the first of which shall be for the period ending three (3) months after the 
Franchised Restaurant opens.  All profit and loss statements and balance sheets should be prepared in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and shall be submitted to BKC within twenty-five 
(25) days after the end of the period covered by the report.  In addition, Franchisee shall retain for a period 
of at least twenty-four (24) months and upon request submit to BKC copies of all state sales tax returns and 
all supporting data and records relating to sales made at or from the Franchised Restaurant and such other 
records as BKC may reasonably request from time to time.  Franchisee shall also, upon request by BKC, 
provide BKC with detailed, itemized documentation showing the actual cost of building or remodeling the 
Franchised Restaurant. 
B. 
Annual Financial Statements 
Within one hundred twenty (120) days after the close of each fiscal year, 
Franchisee shall submit a full disclosure of all persons with any interest in the Franchised Restaurant and 
a complete annual financial statement for the Franchised Restaurant, which statement, if requested by 
BKC, shall be certified by a Certified Public Accountant. 
C. 
Audits  
Franchisee agrees that BKC or its representatives, at BKC's expense, shall, at all 
reasonable times, have the right to examine or audit the books, records, state sales tax return or accounts 
of Franchisee.  BKC shall similarly have the right to examine or audit the books, records, state sales tax 
returns or accounts of any and all persons or entities who are guarantors of the Franchisee’s performance, 
who have personal liability, or who have joint and severable liability under this Agreement in those instances 
