Lease/Sublease 
Exhibit G1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026) 
BK #_____ 
12 
hereafter located at the Premises.  Lessee shall, in addition to the Rent, Additional Rent and Additional 
Charges due under this Lease, pay to Lessor for each Lease Year the annual sum as set forth on the Key 
Contract Data Page, payable in equal monthly installments as set forth on the Key Contract Data Page in 
advance on the first day of each month during the Term of this Lease.  Such payments are herein called 
the "Building Improvement Payments” and the amounts so paid together with any interest accruing thereon 
are hereinafter referred to as the “Building Improvement Funds”.  The first monthly installment shall be due 
on the Commencement Date.  If this Lease shall commence on any day other than the first day of a calendar 
month, the monthly installment for the first and last month of the Lease Term shall be prorated.” 
§6.2  STATUS OF BUILDING IMPROVEMENT FUNDS.  Lessor shall hold the Building Improvement Funds 
in accordance with the terms of this Article VI and not as an advance rental deposit or as a measure of 
Lessor’s damage in case of Lessee’s default. Lessee shall not pledge, hypothecate, encumber or otherwise 
transfer any interest in the Building Improvement Funds.  The Building Improvement Funds shall be held 
by Lessor as non-segregated, interest accruing funds and may be commingled with the other general assets 
of Lessor.  The interest accruing on the Building Improvement Funds shall be determined and fixed annually 
by Lessor in its sole and absolute discretion and shall be based on the then-current weekly average yield 
for Three Month U.S. Treasury Constant Maturities as published in the Federal Reserve Statistical Release 
H.15 (the “Index”), less one-half percent (.50%).  If for any reason the Index is not published for any 
particular week or month during the Lease Term as may be required for the foregoing computation of 
interest, then the Index next published shall be used in its stead; and in the event that the Index shall no 
longer be published, or if the method of computing the Index shall be substantially altered, then Lessor, in 
its sole and absolute discretion, shall select another index generally recognized as authoritative and 
reflecting data substantially similar to the information used to compute the Index.  All Building Improvement 
Payments not received by Lessor when due (i.e., on the first day of each month during the Term of this 
Lease) shall not accrue any interest until the following calendar month. Interest accrued or earned on the 
Building Improvement Funds shall become a part of the Building Improvement Funds and be subject to the 
terms hereof.  Lessor shall report all interest earned on the Building Improvement Funds for the account of 
Lessee and Lessee shall execute and provide to Lessor a W-9 form and any other form required by Lessor 
for this purpose. 
§6.3  USE OF BUILDING IMPROVEMENT FUNDS.  The Building Improvement Funds shall be used to 
reimburse Lessee for the cost of any “Building Improvement(s)” (as that term is defined below).  All 
reasonable costs, expenses. and fees associated with any Building Improvements shall hereinafter be 
referred to as the ”Replacement Costs.”  Without limiting the effect of any provision hereof, unless otherwise 
specifically agreed to by Lessor in writing, the Building Improvement Funds shall not be used to pay for any 
costs of repairing or maintaining the Premises under Section 5.2 of this Lease.  The judgment and 
determination of Lessor as to whether a cost or expense incurred by Lessee is a “Replacement Cost” within 
the meaning contemplated by this Article VI shall be final and conclusive. 
As used herein the term “Building Improvement” shall mean any of the following: 
(a) 
the replacement of the entire air conditioning system including heating unit(s) for the 
Premises; 
(b) 
the replacement of the entire mansard roof, facia, soffit and related roofing structural 
components of the Premises; 
(c)  
the replacement of the entire asphalt parking lot overlay located on the Premises; and 
(d) 
the painting of the entire exterior surface of the Building. 
The judgment and determination of Lessor as to whether an improvement to the Premises is a “Building 
Improvement” within the meaning contemplated by this Article VI shall be final and conclusive. 
