State of Minnesota Amendment 
Exhibit P (03/2025) 
AMENDMENT TO 
BURGER KING® RESTAURANT FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
(Individual/Owner-Operator) 
REQUIRED BY THE STATE OF MINNESOTA 
Burger King Restaurant # __________ 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Franchise Agreement, the 
following provisions shall supersede and apply to all BURGER KING franchises offered and sold 
in the State of Minnesota: 
1. 
Section 11.A.(2) of the Franchise Agreement is amended by adding the following: 
Concerning franchises governed by Minnesota law, BKC will adhere to 
requirements pursuant to Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.12, subdivision 1 (g) of the 
Minnesota Franchise Act that it protect Franchisee’s right to use the 
principal BURGER KING Marks or indemnify Franchisee from any loss, 
costs or expenses arising out of any claim, suit or demand regarding 
Franchisee’s use of the principal BURGER KING Marks in accordance with 
this Agreement. 
2. 
BKC shall not require Franchisee to assent to a release, assignment, novation or waiver 
that would relieve any person from liability imposed by Minnesota Statutes, Sections 80C.01 to 
80C.22, provided that the foregoing shall not bar the voluntary settlement of disputes. 
3. 
The following new Subsection C amends Section 18 of the Franchise Agreement: 
C. 
Minnesota law provides franchisees with certain termination, non-
renewal and transfer rights.  Minn. Stat. §80C.14 (subdivisions 3, 4 and 5) 
requires, except in certain specified cases, that a franchisee be given 90 
days' notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) and 180 days' notice of 
non-renewal of this Agreement, and provides that consent to transfer of the 
franchise may not be unreasonably withheld.  This Agreement shall not in 
any way abrogate or reduce any rights of franchisee as provided for in the 
Minnesota Franchise Act, including the right to submit matters to the 
jurisdiction of the courts of Minnesota. 
4. 
The following language amends the Franchise Agreement: 
Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.21 and Minnesota Rule 2860.4400(J) 
prohibit BKC from requiring litigation to be conducted outside Minnesota, 
requiring waiver of a jury trial, or requiring Franchisee to consent to 
liquidated damages, termination penalties or judgment notes.  In addition, 
nothing in this Agreement can abrogate or reduce any of Franchisee’s 
rights as provided for in Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C, or Franchisee’s 
rights to any procedure, forum, or remedies provided for by the laws of the 
jurisdiction.   
5. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) 
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, 
or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other 
