Asset Purchase Agreement 
Exhibit G3 (03/2025) 
13 
have been made by BKC to BUYER which is not embodied in this Agreement, the Ancillary 
Agreements or the written statements or other documents delivered in connection with it or in 
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  This Agreement may be 
amended, modified, superseded or cancelled, and any of the terms, covenants, representations, 
warranties or conditions hereof may be waived, only by a written instrument executed by the 
parties or, in the case of a waiver, by the party waiving compliance. 
20.5 
Non-Waiver; Survival. 
No waiver or waivers by any party of any provision of this Agreement, whether by 
conduct or otherwise, shall be deemed to be a further or continuing waiver of that or any other 
provision of this Agreement.  The terms and conditions of this Agreement and all representations, 
covenants and warranties made by BUYER shall survive the Closing Date and shall continue so 
long as the BUYER, their successors or assigns, retain any interest in a Burger King Restaurant. 
20.6 
Assignment and Transfer. 
All the terms, covenants, representations, warranties and conditions of this 
Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the 
successors and assigns of BKC.  This Agreement and the rights and obligations under it shall not 
be assignable by the BUYER.  Any assignment in contravention of this provision shall be void.  
Any assignment by BUYER shall not relieve BUYER of its liabilities hereunder.   
20.7 
Severability.   
In the event that any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement 
shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect of any reason, the validity, legality and 
enforceability of any provision in every other respect and of the remaining provisions of this 
Agreement shall not be in any way impaired. 
20.8 
Cooperation. 
BUYER agrees to cooperate with BKC in defending or settling any Claim arising 
out of BKC's ownership or operation of the Purchased Assets or other property that is the subject 
of this Agreement prior to the Takeover Date. 
20.9 
Counterparts. 
The parties may sign this Agreement in multiple counterparts.  Each signed 
counterpart is considered an original document, but all signed counterparts – when taken together 
– constitute one original document.  A party may effectively deliver that party’s signed counterpart 
of this Agreement by facsimile or by e-mail of a PDF copy.  This Agreement takes effect when 
each party has delivered at least one of its signed counterparts to the other party. 
20.10 Governing Law; Venue. 
20.10.1     Governing Law.   
     This Agreement shall become valid when executed and accepted by 
BKC.  The parties agree that it shall be deemed made and entered into in the State of Florida and 
shall be governed and construed under and in accordance with the Laws of the State of Florida 
