 
Non-Traditional Facility Addendum (Individual/Owner-Operator) 
Exhibit E1 (03/2025) 
BK#__________ 
7 
FRANCHISEE shall ensure that only fountain drinks approved by BKC are sold at the 
Franchised Restaurant.  If there is a common self-service drink station located on the Premises, 
FRANCHISEE may only sell approved beverages from the common drink station, and all sales to 
customers at or from the Franchised Restaurant must be processed through the BURGER KING 
POS system located at the Franchised Restaurant and included in the calculation of Gross Sales.  
In the event that approved beverages are not being sold from the common drink station, 
FRANCHISEE shall install, at its sole cost and expense, a separate drink station for use at the 
Franchised Restaurant where only approved beverages shall be sold.  Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, BKC reserves the right to collect royalties on all fountain drinks sold on the Premises. 
FRANCHISEE shall offer for sale at the Franchised Restaurant coffee dispensed by coffee 
equipment approved by BKC. 
FRANCHISEE acknowledges that if the Premises includes a Co-Branded Business, at 
BKC's request, the Co-Branded Business will not sell products that are competitive with BKC menu 
items available on the date hereof or introduced by BKC after the date of the Franchise Agreement. 
I. 
Advertising and Promotional Materials 
Only those advertising and promotional materials or items which are authorized by BKC in 
writing before use shall be used, sold or distributed from the Franchised Restaurant, and no display 
or use of the BURGER KING marks shall be made without the prior written approval of BKC.  All 
materials on which the BURGER KING marks are used must include the designation  or such 
other designation as BKC may specify. Franchisee must, immediately upon receipt of notice from 
BKC, remove or discontinue the use, publication, display, sale and distribution of any advertising 
or promotional material, slogans, and any material on which the BURGER KING Marks appear, 
which BKC has not approved or has ceased to use. 
No materials on which the BURGER KING marks are used shall be displayed in or around 
the areas of the Premises outside the Franchised Restaurant without the prior written approval of 
BKC. 
J. 
Right of Entry and Inspection 
BKC shall have the unrestricted right to enter the Premises, including the Franchised 
Restaurant and the Common Areas, to conduct such activities as it deems necessary to ascertain 
FRANCHISEE'S compliance with this Agreement.  The inspections may be conducted without prior 
notice at any time when FRANCHISEE or one of its employees is at the Franchised Restaurant.  
The inspections will be performed in a manner which minimizes interference with the operation of 
the Franchised Restaurant. 
FRANCHISEE and BKC acknowledge and agree that FRANCHISEE will operate the 
Franchised Restaurant and may not have dominion and control over the other Co-Branded 
Businesses.  However, FRANCHISEE acknowledges that BKC shall require access to the 
Premises in order to effectuate the terms of this Agreement.  Accordingly, FRANCHISEE hereby 
agrees that it will obtain the right, on behalf of itself and BKC, to enter the Franchised Restaurant, 
the Common Areas and all other areas of the Premises from any and all Persons whose approval 
is required for the purpose of effectuating the terms of this Agreement. 
5. 
If the Franchised Restaurant is located at a Co-Branded Facility, the following is hereby added as 
Section 5.L of the Franchise Agreement: 
