We also have net investments in properties leased to franchisees, which are classified as sales-type leases or direct financing 
leases. Investments in sales-type leases and direct financing leases are recorded on a net basis. Profit on sales-type leases is recognized 
at lease commencement and recorded in other operating expenses (income), net. Unearned income on direct financing leases is 
deferred, included in the net investment in the lease, and recognized over the lease term, yielding a constant periodic rate of return on 
the net investment in the lease.  
We recognize variable lease payment income in the period when changes in facts and circumstances on which the variable lease 
payments are based occur.
Lessee Accounting
In leases where we are the lessee, we recognize a right-of-use (“ROU”) asset and lease liability at lease commencement, which 
are measured by discounting lease payments using our incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate.  We determine the incremental 
borrowing rate applicable to each lease by reference to our outstanding secured borrowings and implied spreads over the risk-free 
discount rates that correspond to the term of each lease, as adjusted for the currency of the lease. Subsequent amortization of the ROU 
asset and accretion of the lease liability for an operating lease is recognized as a single lease cost, on a straight-line basis, over the 
lease term. Reductions of the ROU asset and the change in the lease liability are included in changes in Other long-term assets and 
liabilities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.
A finance lease ROU asset is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the lesser of the useful life of the leased asset or lease 
term. Interest on each finance lease liability is determined as the amount that results in a constant periodic discount rate on the 
remaining balance of the liability. Operating lease and finance lease ROU assets are assessed for impairment in accordance with our 
long-lived asset impairment policy. 
We reassess lease classification and remeasure ROU assets and lease liabilities when a lease is modified and that modification is 
not accounted for as a separate contract or upon certain other events that require reassessment. Maintenance and property tax expenses 
are accounted for on an accrual basis as variable lease cost.
We recognize variable lease cost in the period when changes in facts and circumstances on which the variable lease payments 
are based occur.
Goodwill and Intangible Assets Not Subject to Amortization
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection 
with business combination transactions. Our indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of the Tim Hortons brand, the Burger King 
brand, the Popeyes brand and the Firehouse Subs brand (each a “Brand” and together, the “Brands”). Goodwill and the Brands are 
tested for impairment at least annually as of October 1 of each year and more often if an event occurs or circumstances change which 
indicate that impairment might exist. Our annual impairment tests of goodwill and the Brands may be completed through qualitative 
assessments. We may elect to bypass the qualitative assessment and proceed directly to a quantitative impairment test for any 
reporting unit or Brand in any period. We can resume the qualitative assessment for any reporting unit or Brand in any subsequent 
period.
Under a qualitative approach, our impairment review for goodwill consists of an assessment of whether it is more-likely-than-not 
that a reporting unit’s fair value is less than its carrying amount. If we elect to bypass the qualitative assessment for any reporting unit, 
or if a qualitative assessment indicates it is more-likely-than-not that the estimated carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair 
value, we perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test that requires us to estimate the fair value of the reporting unit. If the fair 
value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, we will measure any goodwill impairment loss as the amount by which the 
carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.
Under a qualitative approach, our impairment review for the Brands consists of an assessment of whether it is more-likely-than-
not that a Brand’s fair value is less than its carrying amount. If we elect to bypass the qualitative assessment for a Brand, or if a 
qualitative assessment indicates it is more-likely-than-not that the estimated carrying value of a Brand exceeds its fair value, we 
estimate the fair value of the Brand and compare it to its carrying amount. If the carrying amount exceeds fair value, an impairment 
loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess.
We completed our impairment tests for goodwill and the Brands as of October 1, 2024, 2023 and 2022 and no impairment 
resulted.
Long-Lived Assets
Long-lived assets, such as property and equipment, intangible assets subject to amortization and lease right-of-use assets, are 
tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset or asset group may 
not be recoverable. Some of the events or changes in circumstances that would trigger an impairment review include, but are not 
Table of Contents
67
