Reclaim the Flame 2 Master Program Agreement 
10 
Exhibit X1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026) 
(f) 
Notices. 
(1) 
All notices required or permitted to be given under this Program Agreement to BKC shall 
be in writing and shall be hand delivered or sent by registered or certified mail, postage fully prepaid, 
addressed to Burger King Company LLC at its offices at 5707 Blue Lagoon Drive, Miami, Florida 33126, 
Attention: Vice President, Development and Franchising, with a copy addressed to Burger King Company 
LLC at P.O. Box 020783, General Mail Facility, Miami, Florida 33102-0783, Attention: General Counsel, or 
at such other address as BKC shall from time to time designate in writing.  
(2) 
All notices to Franchisee shall be in writing and shall be hand delivered or sent by 
registered or certified mail, addressed to Franchisee at any Remodel Restaurant, or Franchisee’s last 
mailing address designated to BKC in writing. 
(3) 
Notices shall be deemed delivered on the earlier of actual receipt or the third (3rd) day after 
being deposited in the U.S. Mail, registered or certified mail, postage fully prepaid. 
(g) 
Survival.  Provisions of this Program Agreement that by their nature are intended to survive 
expiration or termination of this Program Agreement shall survive the expiration or termination of this 
Program Agreement. 
(h) 
Amendments; Benefit.  Except as otherwise provided in this Program Agreement, this Program 
Agreement may be amended only by a written instrument executed and delivered by all of the parties 
hereto.  This Program Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of all the parties hereto 
and their respective successors and permitted assigns; provided that, Franchisee shall not assign any of 
its rights and obligations under this Program Agreement to any other person, without the consent, in writing, 
of BKC, which may be granted or withheld in BKC’s sole and absolute discretion.   
(i) 
Entire Agreement.  The above recitals are hereby made a part of this Program Agreement.  All 
exhibits and all documents and other papers included as part of any exhibits to this Program Agreement 
are hereby incorporated into this Program Agreement by reference.  This Program Agreement, including 
the exhibits, supersedes any previous agreements, understandings, or arrangements between the parties 
relating to the subject matter hereof, and sets forth the entire understanding between the parties relating to 
such subject matter, there being no terms, conditions, warranties, or representations other than those 
contained herein.   
(j) 
Caption Headings and Construction.   The caption headings are used in this Program 
Agreement only as a matter of convenience and for reference and do not define, limit or describe the scope 
of this Program Agreement nor the intent of any provision.  Additionally, (a) any reference in this Program 
Agreement to gender shall include all genders, and words imparting the singular number only shall include 
the plural and vice versa; (b) the word “including” or any variation thereof means (unless the context of its 
usage otherwise requires) “including, without limitation” and shall not be construed to limit any general 
statement that it follows to the specific or similar items or matters immediately following it; (c) the term “or” 
is not exclusive; and (d) words such as “herein,” “hereinafter,” “hereof” and “hereunder” refer to this Program 
Agreement as a whole and not merely to a subdivision in which such words appear unless the context 
otherwise requires. 
(k) 
Counterparts.  This Program Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of 
which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank.]
