Lease/Sublease 
Exhibit G1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026) 
BK #_____ 
20 
Rent in arrears, and that if Lessee makes any claim for such an exemption, this Lease may be pleaded as 
an estoppel against Lessee in any appropriate action. 
§9.12  FRANCHISE AGREEMENT.  Notwithstanding anything in this Lease to the contrary, this Lease is 
conditioned upon the faithful performance by Lessee of the Franchise Agreement, and a default in the terms 
of the Franchise Agreement shall be a default of this Lease. 
X. 
NO RENT ABATEMENT 
Unless specifically provided in this Lease, no abatement, diminution, or reduction of Rent, Additional Rent, 
Additional Charges or other compensation shall be claimed by or allowed to Lessee, or any persons 
claiming under Lessee, under any circumstances, whether for inconvenience, discomfort, interruption of 
business, or otherwise. 
XI. 
CONDEMNATION 
§11.1  ENTIRE AWARD.  In the event that the Premises or any part of it is taken in condemnation 
proceedings or by exercise of any right of eminent domain (or by settlement agreement in lieu thereof 
between Lessor and those authorized to exercise such right), Lessor shall be entitled to collect the entire 
amount of any award made without deduction for any estate vested in or owned by Lessee, subject only to 
the rights of any mortgagee and to Lessee’s rights as set forth in this Lease.  Lessee agrees to execute 
any and all documents that may be required to facilitate collection by Lessor of any and all such awards. 
Lessee shall have no right to participate in any condemnation proceedings or agreement except for the 
purposes described in Section 11.5. 
§11.2  SUBSTANTIAL TAKING.  If at any time during the Lease Term, the whole or substantially all of the 
Premises is taken or condemned, this Lease shall terminate and expire on the date on which title vests in 
the condemning authority, upon which the Rent provided to be paid by Lessee shall be apportioned and 
paid to that date, and Lessee shall have no claim against Lessor for the unexpired Term of this Lease or 
for damage or for any other reason whatsoever.  For the purposes of this Section, “substantially all of the 
Premises” shall be deemed to have been taken if, in the sole opinion of Lessor, the portion of the Premises 
not taken cannot be repaired or reconstructed in such a way that, by using only the amount of the net award 
available from the taking, there remains a complete, rentable structure capable of producing a 
proportionately fair and reasonable net annual income after payment of all operating expenses, Rent, 
Additional Rent and all other Additional Charges payable by Lessee, and after performance by the Lessee 
of all its obligations under this Lease. 
§11.3  PARTIAL TAKING.  In the event of a partial taking (any taking which is not “substantial”), this Lease 
shall not terminate, and Lessee shall promptly proceed to restore the remainder of the Building on the Land 
(if affected by the taking) to a complete, independent and self-contained architectural unit, usable for the 
purposes contemplated by this Lease, and Lessor shall pay to Lessee, subject to the same provisions and 
limitations specified herein with respect to insurance proceeds, the cost of restoration, which payment shall 
in no event exceed a sum equal to the amount of any separate award made for such restoration.  Any 
deficiency will be paid by Lessee.  Such restoration shall be subject to and shall be performed in accordance 
with the provisions of Section 5.3, except that any surety bond shall be in the amount, if any, by which the 
estimated cost of the work exceeds said separate award for the restoration.  In the event that there is no 
separate award for restoration, the amount shall be fixed and settled by mutual agreement or by arbitration 
as provided in this Lease. 
If this Lease does not terminate as provided in Section 11.2, and the taking results in the loss of parking 
spaces, driveways or accesses which are not or cannot be relocated or replaced elsewhere on the 
Premises, the Guaranteed Minimum Annual Rental after the date of taking shall be the lesser of (a) the 
