Asset Purchase Agreement 
Exhibit G3 (03/2025) 
2 
1.3   
“Ancillary Agreements” means the following: (a) the Franchise Agreements, (b) 
the Leases, (c) the Guaranty, (d) the Bill of Sale, (e) the Assignment and Assumption of Executory 
Contracts; (f) Digital App Services Agreement; (g) Fuel the Flame Co-Investment Agreement; (h) 
the Limited Release; and (i) any other written agreement entered into in connection with the 
Closing. 
1.4 
“Assignment and Assumption of Executory Contracts” means the form of 
Assignment and Assumption of Executory Contracts attached hereto as Exhibit “B-5”. 
1.5 
“Authority” means any federal, state, municipal, local or other governmental or 
quasi-governmental, department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, or any 
administrative, judicial or arbitration court or panel, with jurisdiction over the applicable matter. 
1.6  
“Bill of Sale” means the form of Bill of Sale attached hereto as Exhibit “B-4.” 
1.7 
“BKC” means Burger King Company LLC, a Florida limited liability company. 
1.8 
“Burger King Marks” means the trademarks, service marks, trade dress, logos, 
slogans, designs and other commercial symbols and source-identifying indicia (and the goodwill 
associated therewith) used in the operation of quick service restaurants known as Burger King 
Restaurants throughout the United States, whether registered, applied for or unregistered.   
1.9  
“Burger King Restaurants” means a quick service or fast-food restaurant 
operating under the Burger King System and utilizing the Burger King Marks in a format approved 
by BKC, in its sole discretion. 
1.10 
“Burger King System” means the unique restaurant format and operating system 
developed and/or owned by BKC and/or its Affiliates for the development and operation of quick 
service or fast-food restaurants. 
1.11 
“BUYER” has the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 
1.12 
“Claim” means any lawsuit, litigation, dispute, claim, demand, arbitration or 
mediation, or any other proceeding before a judicial, administrative or arbitration court or panel 
whether known or unknown, liquidated, fixed, contingent, matured, unmatured, disputed, undisputed, 
legal or equitable.   
1.13 
“Closing” means the simultaneous payment of funds from BUYER to BKC and the 
transfer and conveyance of Purchased Assets from BKC to BUYER before Takeover as required 
under this Agreement. 
1.14 
“Closing Date” means the date on which the Closing occurs, which shall be on the 
date hereof or the following day.   
 
1.15 
“Data Portal” means a web portal with the following URL address:  
___________________. 
1.16 
“Digital App Services Agreement” means the form of Digital App Services 
Agreement attached as Exhibit “B-6” to this Agreement. 
