Legacy Entity Franchise Agreement Addendum 
Exhibit J2 (03/2025) 
BK#_________ 
3 
Continuing Operations Training shall be specified by BKC (the Initial Training and Continuing 
Operations Training programs are hereinafter collectively referred to as “Training Programs”).  BKC 
and the Franchisee Advisory Council shall periodically review the Training Programs and BKC will 
consult with the Franchisee Advisory Council prior to making any material changes to the Training 
Programs.  Such programs may be in Miami, Florida or at such other locations as may be specified 
by BKC. 
B.  
Charges and Costs 
Franchisee shall be responsible for reasonable charges and costs of any sort 
associated with such training but not limited to all travel and living expenses, compensation of and 
worker's compensation insurance for the attendees enrolled in the training program, any other 
personal expenses, course materials, training facility charges, and training staff charges (if any). 
 
6. 
LIMITATIONS OF FRANCHISE. Subsection 11.A.(1) of the Agreement is hereby deleted 
in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
A. 
Trademarks, Trade Names, Service Marks and Trade Secrets  
 
 
(1) 
Franchisee acknowledges that ownership of all right, title and interest to 
the BURGER KING System and the BURGER KING Marks, are and shall remain vested solely in 
BKC and Franchisee disclaims any right or interest therein or the good will derived therefrom. All 
good will associated with the BURGER KING Marks is the sole property of BKC. Franchisee agrees  
that  all materials  loaned  or otherwise made available to it and all disclosures made to Franchisee 
and not to the general public by or at the direction of BKC or its predecessor at any time before or 
during the Term of this Agreement relating to the BURGER KING System, including the MOD 
Manual in its entirety, financial information marketing strategy and marketing programs are to be 
considered trade secrets of BKC for purposes of this Agreement and shall be kept confidential and 
used by Franchisee only in connection with the operation of the Franchised Restaurant and other 
franchised BURGER KING Restaurants.  Franchisee agrees not to divulge any of the trade secrets 
to any person other than its employees and then only to the extent necessary for the operation of 
the Franchised Restaurant and, specifically, that Franchisee will not, nor permit anyone to, 
reproduce, copy or exhibit any portion of the MOD Manual or any other trade secrets of BKC.  At 
BKC's request, Franchisee shall require each Owner and Managing Director to execute an 
agreement similar in substance to this Section in a form acceptable to BKC and naming BKC as a 
third party beneficiary with the independent right to enforce such agreement. 
7. 
ASSIGNMENT; CONDITIONS AND LIMITATIONS.  Subsections 15.F.(3) and 15.F.(7) of 
the Agreement are hereby deleted in their entirety and replaced with the following:  
F. 
Conditions of Consent 
 
(3) 
That the transferee (or, if applicable, such owners of the transferee as BKC 
may request), in BKC's sole judgment, satisfies all of BKC's business standards and requirements; 
has the aptitude and ability to operate the Franchised Restaurant; and has adequate financial 
resources and capital to do so; and that transferee complete and be approved through BKC's 
standard franchisee application and selection process including satisfactorily demonstrating to BKC 
that transferee meets the financial, character, managerial, ownership and such other requirements, 
criteria and conditions as BKC shall then be applying in considering applications for new franchises, 
including transferee, and/or if applicable, the Managing Owner and Managing Director identified by 
transferee satisfactorily completing all BKC's training requirements;  
 
(7) 
That the transferee (or, if applicable, the owners of the transferee and its 
Restaurant Managers and proposed Managing Director), at the transferee's expense, complete 
any applicable orientation and training programs then required by BKC; 
