Franchise Agreement (Entity) 
Exhibit D2 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026) 
BK#_______ 
13
records as BKC may reasonably request from time to time.  Franchisee shall also, upon request by BKC, 
provide BKC with detailed, itemized documentation showing the actual cost of building or remodeling the 
Franchised Restaurant. 
B. 
Annual Financial Statements  
Within one hundred twenty (120) days after the close of each fiscal year, 
Franchisee shall submit a full disclosure of all persons with any interest in the Franchised Restaurant and 
a complete annual financial statement for the Franchised Restaurant, which statement, if requested by 
BKC, shall be certified by a Certified Public Accountant. 
C. 
Audits  
Franchisee agrees that BKC or its representatives, at BKC's expense, shall, at all 
reasonable times, have the right to examine or audit the books, records, state sales tax returns or accounts 
of Franchisee.  BKC shall similarly have the right to examine or audit the books, records, state sales tax 
returns or accounts of any and all persons or entities who are guarantors of the Franchisee’s performance 
under this Agreement in those instances in which Franchisee has failed to make payments of the Royalty 
or Advertising Contribution in a timely fashion or has otherwise defaulted under this Agreement.  In the 
event the audit discloses an understatement of Gross Sales for any period or periods, Franchisee shall, 
within 15 days after receipt of the audit report, pay BKC the Royalty and Advertising Contribution (including 
any ISP fee) in the amount of the understatement plus the late charge identified in Section 9.D. of this 
Agreement from the date such payments were originally due.  Additionally, in the event the audit discloses 
an understatement of Gross Sales which exceeds two percent (2%) for any period or periods, Franchisee 
shall, within fifteen (15) days after the receipt of the audit report, reimburse BKC for all costs of the audit 
including travel, lodging and wages, reasonably incurred. 
D. 
Release of Financial Information 
Except as otherwise provided in any lease between BKC, or any of its Affiliates, 
and Franchisee, BKC shall not release to third parties financial or operational information specifically 
relating to Franchisee and/or the Franchised Restaurant without the consent of Franchisee unless 
otherwise required to do so by judicial or administrative order.  If BKC is required to disclose such 
information, BKC shall use reasonable efforts to give Franchisee notice thereof.  Notwithstanding the 
foregoing however, BKC may 1) release general financial or operational information relating to the 
BURGER KING System compiled in whole or in part from Franchisee and/or the Franchised Restaurant so 
long as Franchisee and/or the Franchised Restaurant are not specifically identified, and 2) publish 
operational metrics and scores of the Franchised Restaurant and its rank in comparison to other restaurants 
in the BURGER KING System as long as the publication of the metrics, scores and rankings are distributed 
only to other franchisees of BKC.  
11. 
LIMITATIONS OF FRANCHISE  
A. 
Trademarks, Trade Names, Service Marks and Trade Secrets  
(1)
Franchisee acknowledges that ownership of all right, title and interest to 
the BURGER KING System and the BURGER KING Marks, are and shall remain vested solely in BKC and 
Franchisee disclaims any right or interest therein or the good will derived therefrom. All good will associated 
with the BURGER KING Marks is the sole property of BKC. Franchisee agrees  that  all materials  loaned  
or otherwise made available to it and all disclosures made to Franchisee and not to the general public by 
or at the direction of BKC or its predecessor at any time before or during the Term of this Agreement relating 
to the BURGER KING System, including the MOD Manual in its entirety, financial information marketing 
strategy and marketing programs are to be considered trade secrets of BKC for purposes of this Agreement 
and shall be kept confidential and used by Franchisee only in connection with the operation of the 
