v 
exercising a right of first refusal to purchase the franchise. Good cause shall include, but is 
not limited to: 
(i)
The failure of the proposed transferee to meet the franchisor’s then current 
reasonable qualifications or standards. 
(ii)
The fact that the proposed transferee is a competitor of the franchisor or 
subfranchisor. 
(iii) 
The unwillingness of the proposed transferee to agree in writing to comply with all 
lawful obligations. 
(iv) 
The failure of the franchisee or proposed transferee to pay any sums owing to the 
franchisor or to cure any default in the franchise agreement existing at the time of 
the proposed transfer. 
(h) 
A provision that requires the franchisee to resell to the franchisor items that are not 
uniquely identified with the franchisor.  This subdivision does not prohibit a provision that 
grants to a franchisor a right of first refusal to purchase the assets of a franchise on the 
same terms and conditions as a bona fide third party willing and able to purchase those 
assets, nor does this subdivision prohibit a provision that grants the franchisor the right to 
acquire the assets of a franchise for the market or appraised value of such assets if the 
franchisee has breached the lawful provisions of the franchise agreement and has failed to 
cure the breach in the manner provided in subdivision (c). 
(i) 
A provision which permits the franchisor to directly or indirectly convey, assign, or 
otherwise transfer its obligations to fulfill contractual obligations to the franchisee unless 
provision has been made for providing the required contractual services. 
The fact that there is a notice of this offering on file with the attorney general does not 
constitute approval, recommendation, or endorsement by the attorney general. 
If the franchisee has any questions regarding this notice, those questions should be directed to the 
Michigan Department of Attorney General, Corporate Oversight Division, Attn.:  Franchise, 525 
West Ottawa Street, Lansing, Michigan 48913, telephone: (517) 373-7117. 
