 
Target Reservation Agreement 
Exhibit C1 (03/2025) 
 
 
 
      4 
requirement of BKC to provide Developer any written notification of its expiration) on the date of the Opening 
Deadline (subject to any applicable cure period granted herein). The failure to timely obtain Site Approval 
within the time specified in this Section 4.3 or Construction Approval in accordance with Section 4.5.3 is an 
Event of Default under Section 6.1.  
4.4 
Commitments.  Developer shall not, except at Developer's own risk, enter into any legally binding 
commitments with vendors or lessors in the Target Area or at a Site until BKC has given Developer written 
Site Approval.  
4.5 
Site Acquisition, Construction Approval and Construction.   
 
4.5.1 
BKC assumes no liability or responsibility for: (a) evaluation of an approved Site’s soil for 
hazardous substance; (b) inspection of any structure on the approved Site for asbestos or other toxic or 
hazardous materials; (c) compliance with the Americans With Disabilities Act (the “ADA”); or (d) compliance 
with any other applicable law. It is Developer’s sole responsibility to obtain satisfactory evidence and/or 
assurances that the approved Site (and any structures thereon) is free from environmental contamination 
and in compliance with the requirements of the ADA.  
 
4.5.2 
If Developer proposes to lease or sublease the Site, the lease or sublease shall not contain 
any covenants, use clauses or other obligations that would prevent Developer from performing its 
obligations under the Franchise Agreement for the Franchised Restaurant.  
4.5.3 
The Franchised Restaurant must be constructed, equipped and furnished in accordance 
with BKC approved plans and specifications (the “Construction Plans”).  Prior to construction, Developer 
must obtain from BKC written architectural and design approval of Developer's plans as indicated by 
issuance of a restaurant number (“BK #”).  Developer must obtain BKC’s approval of the type of facility, site 
layout, and equipment configuration for the Franchised Restaurant, including the building design, style, 
size, interior decor, type of equipment, service format and equipment arrangement (“Construction 
Approval”). The term of a leasehold must be at least as long as the term of BKC’s Franchise Agreement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Construction Approval solely indicates BKC’s approval of the Franchised 
Restaurant design in accordance with the Construction Plan.  
4.5.4 
BKC assumes no liability for the adequacy of any Construction Plan. Developer assumes 
all cost, liability and expense for developing, constructing and equipping the Franchised Restaurant. It shall 
be Developer’s responsibility to have prepared Construction Plans to suit the shape and dimensions of the 
Site, and Developer shall ensure that the Construction Plans comply with applicable ordinances, ADA 
requirements, building codes and permit requirements and with lease requirements and restrictions. 
Developer shall obtain and use only registered architects, registered engineers, and professional and 
licensed contractors who demonstrate to BKC’s reasonable satisfaction the ability to meet BKC’s 
reasonable quality standards (as determined by BKC in its reasonable discretion), in each case, to prepare 
the Construction Plans (including surveys and site foundation plans), to adapt the Construction Plans to 
applicable local or state laws, regulations or ordinances, and to construct the Franchised Restaurant. 
Developer shall bear all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation of all Construction 
Plans, including the costs and expenses incurred for any plans containing deviations or modifications from 
BKC’s standard plans and specifications. For the avoidance of any doubt, the Franchised Restaurant may 
not open if construction has not been performed in substantial compliance with the Construction Plans as 
approved by BKC. BKC may terminate this Agreement if such non-compliance is not cured within a 
commercially reasonable amount of time.  
4.5.5 
Developer shall complete the construction of the Franchised Restaurant and commence 
operation of the Franchised Restaurant by no later than the Opening Deadline.  
