 
14 
Burger King Development Agreement 
 
Exhibit M1 (03/2025)  
within two (2) miles of any Developer Restaurant. The foregoing obligation of Developer and Principals is 
in addition to any restrictive covenant under the Developer Franchise Agreements. 
7.6 
At BKC’s request, Developer shall require and obtain execution of covenants similar to those set 
forth in this Article VII (including covenants applicable upon the termination of a Person’s relationship with 
Developer) from Developer's Managing Owner (as defined in the Developer Franchise Agreements) and 
any Managing Director (as defined in the Developer Franchise Agreements) of Developer.  Every covenant 
required by this Section 7.6 shall be in a form satisfactory to BKC, including specific identification of BKC 
as a third-party beneficiary of such covenants with the independent right to enforce them.  Failure by 
Developer to obtain execution of a covenant required by this Section 7.6 shall constitute a material breach 
of this Agreement.  A duplicate original of each such covenant shall be provided by Developer to BKC 
immediately upon execution. 
7.7 
The parties agree that each of the foregoing covenants shall be construed as independent of any 
other covenant or provision of this Agreement.  If all or any portion of a covenant in this Article VII, is held 
unreasonable or unenforceable by a court or agency having jurisdiction in a final decision, Developer 
expressly agrees to be bound by any lesser covenant subsumed within the terms of such covenant that 
imposes the maximum duty permitted by law, as if the resulting covenant was separately stated in and 
made a part of this Article VII. 
7.8 
Developer understands and acknowledges that BKC shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to 
reduce the scope of any covenant set forth in Sections 7.4 and 7.5 of this Agreement, or any portion thereof, 
without Developer’s consent, effective immediately upon receipt by Developer of written notice thereof, and 
Developer agrees that it shall comply with any covenant as so modified, which shall be fully enforceable 
notwithstanding the provisions of this Article VII hereof. 
7.9 
The parties acknowledge that it will be difficult to ascertain with any degree of certainty the amount 
of damages resulting from a breach by of any of the covenants contained in this Article VII.  It is further 
agreed and acknowledged that any violation by Developer of any of said covenants will cause irreparable 
harm to BKC.  Accordingly, Developer agrees that upon proof of the existence of a violation of any of said 
covenants, BKC will be entitled to injunctive relief against Developer in any court of competent jurisdiction 
having authority to grant such relief, together with all costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees incurred by BKC 
in bringing such action. 
ARTICLE VIII:  ASSIGNMENT AND TRANSFER 
8.1 
This Agreement and the Development Rights may not be, directly or indirectly, sold, conveyed, 
assigned, transferred, leased, licensed or sub-licensed, charged, mortgaged, pledged, hypothecated, 
encumbered or otherwise disposed of (“Transferred”, and each such action, a “Transfer”) by Developer in 
whole or in part, whether directly or indirectly by operation of law nor shall Developer have any right to sub-
license any of the rights granted under this Agreement, without the prior written consent of BKC, which 
consent may be withheld by BKC at its sole discretion. 
8.2 
This Agreement and all the rights and obligations hereunder of BKC may be Transferred by BKC, 
and shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of BKC.   Developer and the Principals hereby 
irrevocably consent to any such Transfer at any time and waive any requirement of prior notice. 
ARTICLE IX:  SHOWS OF SUPPORT / BURGER KINGSM FOUNDATION 
9.1 
Shows of Support.   
9.1.1 
From time to time, BKC may request the support of Developer and other franchisees for 
national or divisional advertising or marketing initiatives by conducting a survey, currently referred to as the 
“Show of Support” survey (the “National/Divisional Survey”). Each Developer Restaurant has one vote in 
each National/Divisional Survey. For the term of each Developer Franchise Agreement, Developer agrees 
to: (a) participate in each National/Divisional Survey; and (b) pre-pledge and cast its vote relating to each 
