 
Target Reservation Agreement 
Exhibit C1 (03/2025) 
 
 
 
      1 
TARGET RESERVATION AGREEMENT 
(NON-EXCLUSIVE)  
This Target Reservation Agreement (“Agreement”) is made and entered into in Miami, Florida as 
of the _____ day of __________________, 20___ (the “Effective Date”), by and between BURGER KING 
COMPANY LLC ("BKC"), a Florida limited liability company having its principal place of business at 5707 
Blue Lagoon Drive, Miami, Florida, 33126, and   
 
 
 
 ("Developer").  
INTRODUCTION   
 
In consideration of the mutual undertakings and covenants contained in this Agreement and for 
other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the 
parties agree as follows:  
ARTICLE I:  GRANT 
1.1 
Target Area(s). BKC grants Developer a non-exclusive right to develop a BURGER KING® 
restaurant (the “Franchised Restaurant”) within one or more specific geographic areas set forth on Exhibit 
A (“Target Areas”).  The Franchised Restaurant will be developed at a specific address in a Target Area 
(“Site”), and any proposed Site shall be subject to the prior approval of BKC, in its sole discretion.  
1.2 
Substitute Target Area.  Under the following limited circumstances only, BKC will allow Developer 
to remove a Target Area from Exhibit A and replace it with a new Target Area (a “Substitute Target Area”):  
 
1.2.1 
Significant Real Estate Constraints.  If Developer believes a Target Area is not viable due 
to lack of available real estate, in such case Developer shall submit written evidence of its attempts to 
diligently locate a Site in the Target Area to BKC. 
 
1.2.2 
 Impact on Developer’s Target Area.  If BKC notifies Developer in writing that it intends to 
develop, or approve another franchisee to develop, a BURGER KING® restaurant (the "New Restaurant") 
within four (4) miles of a Target Area (or within two (2) miles of a Target Area if the Target Area is located 
in a Metropolitan Statistical Area with a population greater than two (2) million people) and the Developer: 
a) submits its objection to BKC in writing by the deadline specified in such notice; and b) notifies BKC in 
writing within thirty (30) days of such notice that the New Restaurant would render the Target Area 
economically unviable. 
 
1.2.3 
Site Denied. If BKC denies Site Approval (as defined below) and BKC decides there is no 
other comparable Site in the Target Area available. 
 
1.2.4 
Failure to Obtain Permits.  If Developer is prevented from developing a Site within the 
Target Area due to zoning restrictions or failure to receive permits required for the construction, occupancy 
or operation of the Franchised Restaurant after diligent attempts to obtain the permits; in such case 
Developer shall submit written evidence of its attempts to obtain the permits. 
Developer agrees that a Substitute Target Area is Developer’s sole and exclusive remedy for the 
circumstances listed above. 
1.3 
No Territorial or Other Rights.  The non-exclusive rights granted to Developer in this Agreement 
are for the Target Area(s) set forth in Exhibit A only, and: (a) Developer has no express or implied territorial 
rights in any area to develop BURGER KING® restaurants; (b) BKC has the unconditional right to directly 
or indirectly develop, establish and/or approve a franchisee to develop BURGER KING® restaurants within 
and outside of the Target Area(s); (c) the development rights specifically exclude the right to obtain approval 
for development of a BURGER KING® restaurant at any institutional locations, including, but not limited to, 
public buildings, schools, hospitals, airports, factories, turnpikes, toll roads, universities, and existing or 
