Franchise Agreement (Entity) 
Exhibit D2 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026) 
BK#_______ 
10
to making any material changes to the Training Programs.  Such programs may be in Miami, Florida or at 
such other locations as may be specified by BKC.
B.  
Charges and Costs 
Franchisee shall be responsible for reasonable charges and costs of any sort 
associated with such training but not limited to all travel and living expenses, compensation of and worker's 
compensation insurance for the Managing Owner and/or Restaurant Manager enrolled in the training 
program, any other personal expenses, course materials, training facility charges, and training staff charges 
(if any).   
C. 
Franchisee Training and Restaurant Staffing 
Franchisee shall implement a training program for Franchised Restaurant 
employees in accordance with training standards and procedures prescribed by BKC and shall staff the 
Franchised Restaurant at all times during the Term of this Agreement with a sufficient number of trained 
employees to ensure that the BURGER KING operational standards are met. Requests for exemption from 
the manager training requirement will be considered on an individual basis and will be granted only in those 
situations where the employees have prior operational management experience in a BURGER KING 
Restaurant and demonstrate to BKC a thorough knowledge and understanding of the BURGER KING 
System. 
9. 
ROYALTY AND ADVERTISING CONTRIBUTION 
A. 
Royalty  
During the Term of this Agreement, Franchisee agrees to pay to BKC a royalty 
equal to the percentage of monthly Gross Sales set forth as the Royalty on the Key Contract Data page 
(“Royalty”) for the use of the BURGER KING System and the BURGER KING Marks.  Royalties shall be 
paid monthly by the tenth (10th) day of each month based upon Gross Sales for the preceding month.   
B. 
Advertising, Sales Promotion and Public Relations 
(i) 
Franchisee shall pay to BKC an amount equal to a percentage of monthly 
Gross Sales to be determined by BKC, in its sole discretion, but not to exceed the amount set forth as the 
“Advertising Contribution” on the Key Contract Data page, payable by the tenth (10th) day of each month 
based upon Franchisee’s Gross Sales for the preceding month (the “Advertising Contribution”).  This sum, 
less direct administrative expenses, will be used for (a) market research expenditures directly related to the 
development and evaluation of the effectiveness of advertising and sales promotions, (b) creative, 
production and other costs incurred in connection with the development of advertising, sales promotions 
and public relations (as limited by Section (vi) below), both in the market area of the Franchised Restaurant, 
as reasonably defined from time to time by BKC, and on a national basis and (c) various methods of 
delivering the advertising or promotional message, including television, radio, outdoor and print (“Media”).  
The allocation of the Advertising Contribution between national, regional and local expenditures shall made 
by BKC in its sole business judgment.  
(ii) 
Periodically, but no less frequently than once per year, BKC shall meet 
with the Franchisee Advisory Council to discuss and attempt to establish (a) the types of Media to be used 
by BKC (the “Media Mix”) and (b) the percentage of the total annual Advertising Contribution to be expended 
on Media (the “Media Spending Goal”). 
(iii) 
If BKC and the Franchisee Advisory Council are unable to mutually 
establish the Media Spending Goal, BKC shall, subject to the limitation set forth in Section (v) below, have 
the right, in its sole business judgment, to establish the Media Spending Goal. 
