State of California Addendum 
Exhibit P (03/2025) 
Section 15.4 of the Development Agreement require application of the laws of 
Florida.  These provisions may not be enforceable under California law.  
C. 
Section 5.7 of the Development Agreement contains a liquidated 
damages clause.  This provision may not be enforceable under California law. 
6.
Article 8, Section 20040.5, of the California Franchise Relations Act may affect your franchise 
relationship with BKC.  This section reads as follows:  “A provision in a franchise agreement 
restricting venue to a forum outside this state is void with respect to any claim arising under or 
relating to a franchise agreement involving a franchise business operating within this state”.    
Therefore, Item 17, (V) and (W), of the FDD are amended to include the following: 
A provision in a franchise agreement restricting venue to a forum outside 
California is void with respect to any claim arising under or relating to a 
franchise agreement involving a franchise business operating within California. 
7.
The Franchise Agreement and Development Agreement require Franchisee to execute a general 
release of claims.  California Corporations Code Section 31512 provides that any condition, 
stipulation or provision purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive 
compliance with any provision of that law or any rule or order thereunder is void.  Section 31512 
voids a waiver of Franchisee’s rights under the Franchise Investment Law (California 
Corporations Code Section 20010 voids a waiver of Franchisee’s rights under the California 
Franchise Relations Act (Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 - 20043)).  To the extent 
required by such laws, Franchisee shall not be required to execute a general release.  
8.
The Franchise Agreement contains a waiver of certain jury trail provisions.  This waiver may not 
be enforceable under California law. 
9.
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by you in connection with 
the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims 
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on 
behalf of us. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection 
with the franchise.   
10.
Item 21 of the FDD is amended by the addition of the following language: 
Also attached at Exhibit Q is the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of BKC, 
and its subsidiaries, as of December 31, 2024.  THE UNAUDITED 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET IS PREPARED WITHOUT AN 
AUDIT.  PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEES SHOULD BE ADVISED THAT NO 
CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANT HAS AUDITED THESE FIGURES OR 
EXPRESSED HIS/HER OPINION WITH REGARD TO THE CONTENTS 
AND FORM. 
