Item 1 
03/2025, as amended 01/2026 
Page 6
The Franchise 
You may become a Franchisee either by developing a new BURGER KING Restaurant or by 
purchasing an existing BURGER KING Restaurant from another franchisee, BKC, or our affiliate. You 
must meet all of our requirements to be approved by us to become a franchisee or expand within the 
BURGER KING® System in North America.  Unless we otherwise do not require, you must sign a Target 
Reservation Agreement (“TRA”) (a copy of the current form is attached as Exhibit C1) or a Multiple Target 
Reservation Agreement (“MTRA”) (a copy of the current form is attached as Exhibit C2) to develop one 
or more BURGER KING Restaurants. 
We may permit you to open multiple BURGER KING Restaurants within a defined area we refer 
to as a “Territory” under a  Development Agreement (“ Development Agreement”), in the form attached at 
Exhibit M1.  Under a  Development Agreement, you must make a commitment to sign separate Franchise 
Agreements for, and open and continue operating, the number and type of Restaurants that we agree upon 
in the Territory according to a Development Schedule during the term of the  Development Agreement.  
You must sign the current form of Franchise Agreement that we are using at the time we require you to 
sign the Franchise Agreement for each Restaurant opened under a  Development Agreement. The terms of 
these agreements may differ from the form attached to this Disclosure Document. Under a Development 
Agreement, only certain traditional free-standing and non-traditional in-line and food court BURGER 
KING Restaurants count towards your development obligations. 
Under the Crown Your Career Program, we are offering qualified individuals employed by us (or 
our affiliates) the opportunity to purchase one or more BURGER KING Restaurant(s) owned by us or our 
affiliate after the employee has worked at one or more of the Restaurant(s) for a specified period of time,  
usually 1-3 years.  To take advantage of this opportunity, you must meet all of our requirements, including 
that you are employed by us (or our affiliate) at the time of the offer to purchase the Restaurant(s), you must 
also meet our financial requirements to purchase the Restaurant(s), the Restaurant(s) must meet certain 
performance requirements and you must have completed any training we require.  We have no obligation 
to offer you a franchise, but if we do, you have no obligation to accept it.  If you accept the offer, you will 
sign our current form of Asset Purchase Agreement, which will vary for the Restaurant(s) being purchased
and may differ from the form attached to this disclosure document as Exhibit G3, and current form of 
Franchise Agreement along with the current form of Crown Your Career Program agreements, which may 
differ from the forms attached to this disclosure document, to purchase the BURGER KING Restaurant(s), 
obtain financing from us (if we offer it in our sole discretion), and lease or sublease the premises as we 
require.  The current forms of Crown Your Career Franchise Agreement Addendum, Promissory Note, and 
Security Agreement, as of the issuance date of this disclosure document, are attached as Exhibits Z1 – Z4.  
In addition to other requirements that we may impose, you must own all of the equity interests of the 
franchise and you and your spouse or partner must sign a personal guarantee of your obligations under the 
Franchise Agreement and other agreements. We may modify or discontinue this program at any time. 
As of the issuance date of this disclosure document, we offer BURGER KING Restaurant 
franchises operating from the types of facilities and locations described in Item 7 of this disclosure 
document and  most Restaurants offer the standard menu of food and beverage products approved for sale 
at BURGER KING Restaurants, but some Restaurants, generally with smaller facilities, may be approved 
to serve a more limited menu. A few Restaurants provide predominantly drive-thru services only and, in 
the past, we permitted a few Restaurants to offer limited menus for delivery or pickup only.   
