BKC FDD 01/2026 
Exhibit V
7 
Delivery Applications include, but are not limited to, Uber Eats, 
DoorDash, and GrubHub.  
1.7. “Indirect Tax” or “Indirect Taxes” means sales and use 
tax, meal tax, consumption tax, goods and services tax, value 
added tax, ad valorem tax, excise tax, duty, levy or other 
governmental charges, and other obligations of the same or 
of a similar nature to any of the foregoing (together with any 
penalties, interest, or other similar amounts thereon) levied by 
a Tax Authority. 
1.8. “IP Rights” means any and all industrial and intellectual 
property rights of any type embodied in any one or more of 
the Cloud Services and any other services or products 
provided under this Agreement (but excluding any industrial 
and intellectual property rights that may be owned by third 
parties), recognized in any country or jurisdiction throughout 
the world, now or hereafter existing, and whether or not 
perfected, filed, or recorded, including all (i) inventions, 
including patents, patent applications, and statutory invention 
registrations or certificates of invention, and any divisions, 
continuations, renewals, or re-issuances of any of the 
foregoing; (ii) trademarks, service marks, domain names, trade 
dress, logos, and other brand source distinctions; (iii) 
copyrights and works of authorship; (iv) trade secrets and 
know-how; (v) registered and unregistered designs, and 
design rights; and (vi) other intellectual property rights of any 
type throughout the world.   
1.9. “Menu Data” means any and all information and data 
relating to food, beverage, and other items that are listed and 
provided by Franchisee on the menu of each Restaurant at any 
given time, and which is made available by Franchisee to 
Provider for use in connection with the Cloud Services.  
1.10. “Order Form” means a written order, to be executed by 
both Parties, by which Franchisee orders Cloud Services under 
this Agreement and that references this Agreement.  
1.11. “Person” means any natural person, corporation, limited 
liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, 
partnership, authority, statutory organization or other entity. 
1.12. “POS System” means the point-of-sale system, including 
hardware, software and related services provided by one or 
more third-parties (but may include Provider or an Affiliate of 
Provider) that is used by Franchisee in the Restaurants, and for 
which Provider or any of its Affiliates has developed or 
obtained software for the integration and interoperability with 
the Cloud Services. 
1.13. “Site Visitors” means all visitors (i) to each Digital 
Platform as integrated with the Cloud Services, and (ii) that in 
any way avail themselves of the uses or benefits of any of the 
Cloud Services (including any loyalty program powered 
thereby).   
1.14. “Tax” or “Taxes” means all taxes, however denominated, 
including any interest, penalties, or other additions that may 
become payable in respect thereof, imposed by any Taxing 
Authority, which taxes shall include all income or profits taxes 
(including federal income taxes and provincial or state income 
taxes), capital taxes, withholding taxes, payroll and employee 
withholding 
taxes, 
employment 
insurance 
(including 
provincial health insurance, old age benefits, welfare funds, 
pensions and annuities and disability insurance), social 
insurance taxes, Indirect Taxes, customs duties, tariffs, 
franchise taxes, gross receipts taxes, business license taxes, 
occupation taxes, real and personal property taxes, stamp 
taxes, 
environmental 
taxes, 
transfer 
taxes, 
workers' 
compensation, other governmental charges, and other 
obligations of the same or of a similar nature to any of the 
foregoing (together with any penalties, interest, or other 
similar amounts thereon). 
1.15. “Tax Authority” means any governmental authority 
having or purporting to have power to impose, administer or 
collect any Tax. 
2. GENERAL. This Agreement contains the general terms and 
conditions governing the contractual relationship between 
Provider and Franchisee regarding the provision and use of 
the Cloud Services. The rights, duties, and obligations of the 
Parties with respect to the Cloud Services provided by 
Provider and its Affiliates to Franchisee are described in more 
detail in one or more Order Forms.   
3. ORDER OF PRECEDENCE. In the event of a conflict 
between this Agreement and any Order Form, the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement shall govern, except to the 
extent that the applicable Order Form expressly states the 
intent of the Parties to supersede one or more provisions in 
this Agreement that are specifically identified. This Agreement 
shall prevail over any different, conflicting, inconsistent, or 
additional terms contained in any purchase order or similar 
document issued by Franchisee. 
4. PROVISION OF CLOUD SERVICES 
4.1. Cloud Services. Provider will provide the Cloud Services in 
accordance with this Agreement and each executed Order 
Form, and subject to Provider’s acceptable use policy, as it 
may be published and updated by Provider from time to time 
during the term of this Agreement.  
4.2. License to Use the Cloud Services. Provider hereby grants 
to Franchisee a subscription-based, non-transferable, non-
exclusive, license for the term of this Agreement to use the 
Cloud Services solely in connection with the operation and 
business of the Restaurants as authorized under the Franchise 
Contracts and subject to the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement. Franchisee may not use the Cloud Services to 
process information owned by or for the benefit of any third 
party unless such use is specifically in connection with 
Franchisee’s authorized use of the Cloud Services in 
connection with Franchisee’s customary business in its 
Restaurants. In consideration of the license granted herein, 
Franchisee shall pay the fees in the amount and in accordance 
with the payment terms set forth in the Order Form(s).   
4.3. Limitation of Rights.  Franchisee acknowledges that 
Franchisee’s rights in and to the Cloud Services are solely as 
set forth in Section 4.2 hereto and do not include any other 
rights (including any rights of ownership). Franchisee further 
agrees that Provider, its Affiliates, and its licensors to the 
extent applicable, own all right, title and interest, including 
copyright, patent, trade secret and all other IP Rights, in and 
