Franchise Agreement (Individual/Owner-Operator) 
Exhibit D1 (03/2025, as amended 01/2026) 
BK#______ 
27 
(6) 
Franchisee meets all then current financial ratios BKC uses to evaluate 
new franchisees for financial approval. 
C. 
Within one hundred and twenty (120) days after receipt of the Notice, BKC shall 
advise Franchisee in writing if Franchisee is not eligible to obtain a Successor Franchise Agreement, 
specifying the reasons for such ineligibility and identifying whether such deficiencies are capable of cure.  
Between the date of the Notice and the Expiration Date of the Term of this Agreement, if any act, 
circumstance or omission causes Franchisee to become ineligible to obtain a Successor Franchise 
Agreement, then BKC shall advise Franchisee in writing thereof, specifying the deficiency and identifying a 
cure period if applicable. 
D. 
Franchisee has the right to remain in possession of the Premises for the term of 
the Successor Franchise Agreement. 
E. 
Franchisee shall execute the applicable form of the then-current Successor 
Franchise Agreement, which may differ from this Agreement as to royalty, advertising contributions and 
ownership requirements, as well as other terms and conditions.  Franchisee shall, upon execution of the 
Successor Franchise Agreement, pay to BKC the then current initial franchise fee. 
18. 
DEFAULT AND EFFECT OF TERMINATION 
A. 
Default 
If an act of default hereunder is committed by Franchisee, and Franchisee fails to 
cure the default after any required notice and within the cure period applicable, BKC may, at its option and 
without prejudice to any other rights or remedies provided for hereunder or by law, terminate this Agreement 
by written notice or otherwise.  The applicable cure period shall be as described below but, if a cure period 
is not specifically mentioned, it shall be thirty (30) days.  In some cases, as identified below, no cure period 
is allowed and no notice may be required.  If any applicable law or rule requires a longer notice period or a 
longer cure period than that provided herein, then the period required under the law or rule shall be 
substituted for the requirements herein.  The following are material acts of default and shall be good cause 
for termination: 
(1) 
Franchisee fails to operate the Franchised Restaurant in accordance with 
the operating standards and specifications established from time to time by BKC as to service, cleanliness, 
health and sanitation.  Franchisee shall have five (5) days after notice to cure the default.  In the event that 
such default is deemed by BKC, in its reasonable discretion, to be of a nature so serious as to threaten the 
immediate safety or health of customers or employees of Franchisee, then, in such case, Franchisee will, 
after verbal notice from BKC to Franchisee, immediately cease operation of the Franchised Restaurant until 
such time as the serious health or safety default is rectified to BKC’s satisfaction.  Failure to close the 
Franchised Restaurant under these circumstances shall be an act of default.  If this act of default shall 
occur, BKC shall have the right to immediately terminate this Agreement, such termination to be effective 
immediately and with no opportunity to cure.   
(2) 
Franchisee sells any product which does not conform to BKC's 
specifications.  Franchisee shall have five (5) days after notice to cure the default. 
(3) 
Franchisee fails to sell products designated by BKC as required to be sold 
in the Franchised Restaurant.  Franchisee shall have five (5) days after notice to cure the default, provided, 
however, if for reasons beyond the control of Franchisee, Franchisee is unable to obtain such products 
within the cure period, the default cure period shall be extended for a reasonable period of time provided 
Franchisee initiates and actively pursues substantial and continuing action within the cure period to cure 
such default. 
