 
Crown Your Career Addendum (Entity) 
Exhibit Z1 (03/2025)  
BK #_________ 
3 
Franchisee (or such Affiliate) and BKC. Franchisee (or such Affiliate) shall have the shorter 
of the following periods to cure such default: (A) thirty (30) days after notice or (B) the 
applicable cure period (if any) set forth in such lease or other agreement.  
(b) 
The following subsections are hereby added to Section 18.A of the Franchise 
Agreement: 
(31) 
Taking into consideration operations at all BURGER KING® Restaurants 
owned and operated by Franchisee and/or Managing Owner, Franchisee receives two (2) 
letter grades of “D” or lower in any rolling twelve (12) month period in any metric, including, 
without limitation, the “Franchise Success System”, used by BKC to measure operational 
performance (or the equivalent score in any successor metric used by BKC to measure 
franchisees' operational performance), as determined by BKC in its sole discretion.  
Franchisee shall have one hundred eighty (180) days after notice to cure the default by 
obtaining a letter grade of “B” or higher, as determined by BKC in its sole discretion.  
(32) [** If financing offered: At any time prior to repayment of the Promissory 
Note in full, Franchisee (i) pays out any dividends or distributions or makes any payment 
on account of the purchase, retirement or redemption of the equity interests of Franchisee 
to any of its shareholders, partners, members, or any other holder of direct or indirect equity 
interests in Franchisee, or (ii) makes any payment of any kind, including principal, interest 
or otherwise, with respect to any loan, advance or extension of credit from any Owner or 
any Affiliate of Franchisee or any Owner. If this act of default shall occur, BKC shall have 
the right to terminate this Agreement, such termination to be effective upon notice to 
Franchisee and with no opportunity to cure.**] 
6. 
CROSS DEFAULT.  Franchisee acknowledges that a default under the terms of the Franchise 
Agreement shall constitute a default under the terms of each of the Crown Your Career Agreements 
and all other BURGER KING franchise agreements and any related agreements between 
Franchisee (or an Affiliate thereof) and BKC.  Should Franchisee fail to cure said default under the 
Franchise Agreement within the applicable period set forth in the Franchise Agreement, BKC may, 
in its sole discretion, (A) terminate any or all Crown Your Career Agreements and all post-
termination obligations of said agreements shall apply; (B) declare the Promissory Note (if any) 
immediately due and payable upon notice to Franchisee, and/or (C) exercise any of its rights and 
remedies under any or all of the Crown Your Career Agreements including rights and remedies 
arising from the default and termination of any or all of the Crown Your Career Agreements. 
7. 
RIGHT TO PURCHASE.  Section 18.B.2 of the Franchise Agreement is hereby deleted in its 
entirety and replaced by the following: 
(2) 
Franchisee grants to BKC, upon termination or expiration of this 
Agreement, the option to purchase all or part of the usable paper goods, containers and 
printed menus bearing the BURGER KING Marks at Franchisee’s cost, and to purchase 
all or part of the Franchised Restaurant equipment, furniture, fixtures and signs at  a 
purchase price in the amount of [_______].1 Further, Franchisee grants to BKC, upon 
termination or expiration of this Agreement, the option to purchase the real estate premises 
(if owned by Franchisee, any Owner, any Affiliate of Franchisee, or any Affiliate of any 
Owner) of the Franchised Restaurant at fair market value, less any debt owed by 
Franchisee on or related to such purchased assets.  
 
1   
The purchase price will be agreed to by BKC and Franchisee on or prior to the execution of the 
Franchise Agreement and this Addendum. 
