Asset Purchase Agreement 
Exhibit G3 (03/2025) 
11 
(xi) 
such other documents and instruments as may be reasonably required by 
BKC and, in form and substance, satisfactory to counsel for BKC. 
17.2 
BKC’s Closing Deliveries.   
At Closing, BKC shall execute, deliver or caused to be delivered to BUYER the 
following: 
(i) 
an executed Franchise Agreements for each Restaurant;  
(ii) 
an executed Lease for each Restaurant; 
(iii) 
an executed Fuel the Flame Co-Investment Agreement; 
(iv) 
an executed Digital App Services Agreement; 
(v) 
an executed Bill of Sale; 
(vi) 
an executed Assignment and Assumption of Executory Contracts, 
evidencing to BKC’s satisfaction that all Executory Contracts have been 
assigned to and assumed by the BUYER and that BKC is exonerated from 
any and all liability under each of them;  
(vii) 
bringdown certificates of BKC as required by this Agreement, executed by 
a duly authorized officer of BKC, in a form customary for the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement; and 
(viii) 
copies of all Executory Contracts which relate to any liability or obligation 
of BKC which are being assigned to and assumed by BUYER. 
18. 
ENCROACHMENT
In the event BUYER previously objected to any potential encroachment to any Burger King 
Restaurant operated by BUYER (or any affiliate thereof) prior to the date hereof, BUYER hereby 
agrees to withdraw all such objections from the development dispute procedure.  BUYER further 
agrees to execute and deliver a Limited Release (no ADR) in favor of BKC in the form attached 
as Exhibit “B-8”. 
19. 
TERMINATION
19.1 
Termination.  This Agreement may be terminated if on the Closing Date either BKC or the 
BUYER does not deliver any of the closing documents as set forth in Section 17. 
19.2 
Effect of Termination.
In the event of termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 19.1, written notice 
thereof shall forthwith be given to the non-terminating Party, and all further obligations of the 
Parties hereunder shall immediately and without further action terminate.  Except as otherwise 
set forth in this Agreement, this Section 19.2 shall survive in full force and effect, as shall any 
other provisions of this Agreement which are specifically designated to survive termination.  
