replace Equipment that is lost or stolen; (d) to repair damage caused by reckless, abusive,
willful or intentional conduct, or any use of the Equipment in a manner not normal or intended
by the manufacturer of the Equipment, or except as provided for ADH, to repair damage
caused accidentally; (e) services to install, remove or dispose of the Equipment or the
equipment provided to you while the Equipment is being serviced; (f) to repair damage caused
by a product that is not Equipment; (g) to repair any damage to Equipment (regardless of the
cause) if the Equipment has been opened, serviced, modified, or altered by anyone other than
us or our authorized representative; (h) to repair any damage to Equipment with a serial
number that has been altered, defaced or removed; or (i) to repair damages caused by fire,
earthquake or other external causes. Installation of third-party parts may affect your coverage.
As a condition of receiving Hardware or ADH Services, all Equipment must be returned to us in
its entirety including all original parts or manufacturer-authorized replacement components.

Technical Support. During the Rental Term, we will provide you with access to Technical
Support. We will provide support for the then-current version of the supported Software and
the prior Major Release. Technical Support is limited to the following: (i) the Equipment, (ii) the
Software that is pre-installed on or designed to operate with the Equipment, and (iii)
connectivity issues between the Equipment and a laptop or desktop computer that meets the
Equipment’s connectivity specifications and runs an operating system supported by the
Equipment. Exclusions apply as described below.
• Technical Support Exclusions. We will not provide Technical Support in the following
circumstances: (a) for use of the Software as a server-based application; (b) for issues that could
be resolved by upgrading Software to the then-current version; (c) for third-party products or
their effects on or interactions with the Equipment; (d) for your use of a computer or operating
system that is not related to Software or to connectivity issues with the Equipment; (e) for
software other than the Software; (f) for any Software designated as “beta”, “prerelease”, or
“preview”, or similar designation that is not preapproved; or (g) for damage to, or loss of, any
software or data that was residing or recorded on the Equipment (note: this Agreement does
not cover the recovery or reinstallation of software programs and user data). Also, we do not
provide Technical Support for software that is not listed in your Order, even if it is furnished
with the Equipment. If you contact us regarding non-covered software, we may, at our
discretion, connect you with the manufacturer or provider of such software. You agree that all
support and remedies for the third party software is the responsibility of the third party and not
Foundation Technologies Equipment Rental & Leasing Company LLC.

Loss of Data. You shall ensure that you have proper back-ups for all of Your Data. In providing
maintenance and support, we have no obligation to maintain, store, restore or return any of
Your Data.

Ownership. You understand that this transaction is a true Rental and not a loan transaction or
disguised security interest. We will own and have title to the Equipment at all times. When this
Agreement expires or is terminated, you shall at your expense immediately disconnect and



                greatclips@fndtn.com :: 612.928.2336 :: salonxstore.greatclips.com
