         COVENANTS

              •   If the Franchisee own the real estate where the franchisee location is operating, Franchisor
                  has not and will not during the term of the Franchise Agreement record against the real
                  estate any restrictions on the use of the property, including any restrictive covenants,
                  branding covenants or environmental use restrictions. If any such restrictions are currently
                  recorded against the Franchisee’s real estate, they must be removed in order for the
                  Franchisee to obtain SBA-assisted financing.

         EMPLOYMENT

              •   Franchisor will not directly control (hire, fire or schedule) Franchisee’s employees. For
                  temporary personnel franchises, the temporary employees will be employed by the
                  Franchisee not the Franchisor.

As to the referenced Franchise Agreement, this Addendum automatically terminates when SBA no longer
has any interest in any SBA-assisted financing provided to the Franchisee.

Except as amended by this Addendum, the Franchise Agreement remains in full force and effect according
to its terms.

Franchisor and Franchisee acknowledge that submission of false information to SBA, or the withholding
of material information from SBA, can result in criminal prosecution under 18 U.S.C. 1001 and other
provisions, including liability for treble damages under the False Claims Act, 31 U.S.C. §§ 3729 – 3733.

Authorized Representative of FRANCHISOR                            :

By:

Print Name:

Title:



Authorized Representative of FRANCHISEE                            :

By:

Print Name:

Title:

Note to Parties: This Addendum only addresses “affiliation” between the Franchisor and Franchisee.
Additionally, the applicant Franchisee and the franchise system must meet all SBA eligibility requirements.



SBA Form 2462 (01-2018)                                                                              Pag e 2
