under a franchise we have granted and to place notices of independent ownership at the Salon and
on the forms, business cards, stationery, advertising, emails and other materials we require from
time to time.

You and your spouse are obligated under the Franchise Agreement not to engage in or be connected
with or participate in or consult with or share the earnings or profits of, or lease property to any
other business or activity that competes with the GREAT CLIPS® business at any location,
including any Retail Haircare Business, beauty school, barber school, cosmetology school, or any
business selling hair products during the term of the franchise, for one year after the expiration or
termination of the Franchise Agreement at any location within five miles of any GREAT CLIPS®
salon or over the Internet, or for one year after you have assigned your interest in the Franchise
Agreement anywhere within five miles of any GREAT CLIPS® salon, subject to state law
requirements. “Retail Haircare Business” includes any business that: (a) offers any service that
appears on the then-current GREAT CLIPS® price board; (b) sells any product related to any
service that appears on the then-current GREAT CLIPS® price board; or (c) offers any services
or product sales related to blow drying and/or styling, hair braiding, hair treatments, or perms. See
Item 17 with respect to restrictions on assignment of the franchise and business, Great Clips’ right
of first refusal and for information concerning covenants not to compete.

If you have formed a business entity to operate the GREAT CLIPS ® business, you and each
shareholder with any equity interest whatsoever in that entity must personally guaranty complete
and timely performance of all the franchisee's obligations under the Franchise Agreement,
including payment of all fees and other expenses related to the GREAT CLIPS® business, and
must sign the form of guaranty designated by Great Clips.

                                              Item 16

               RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL

Your business is confined by the Franchise Agreement to the operation of the GREAT CLIPS ®
retail haircare and personal grooming business. You may only offer services and inventory items
designated by Great Clips and you must offer the full range of required services and required
inventory authorized by us.

Great Clips may, in its sole determination, add additional authorized services or inventory items
or require you to change or discontinue certain services and inventory items that you offer in your
Salon. There are no limits on Great Clips' right to do so, and in such case you are obligated, at
your expense, to make those changes in the time frame designated by Great Clips.

No other business or activity may be conducted, or services or products offered at the Authorized
Location. Your Salon may only be identified by the name GREAT CLIPS® or another of the
licensed Marks designated in writing by Great Clips.




                                                 47
GREAT CLIPS®
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025 – v.2
