Master Development Agreement

If you enter into a Master Development Agreement, the total fee is $10,000 for each salon in the
Exclusive DMA. The fee is comprised of a $4,000 per salon Development Fee and a $6,000 Initial
Franchise Fee for each Franchise Agreement you sign in the Exclusive DMA. Upon signing the
Master Development Agreement, you must pay the Development Fees for each salon (i.e., $4,000
multiplied by the number of salons you agree to open) and the $6,000 Initial Franchise Fee for
your first Franchise Agreement. The Development Fees are fully earned and non-refundable on
the Effective Date of the Master Development Agreement. As noted above, you must sign a
Franchise Agreement and pay the $6,000 Initial Franchise Fee for the first salon upon signing the
Master Development Agreement. The $6,000 Initial Franchise Fee for each additional salon is
due on the date you sign a Franchise Agreement (in our then-current form) for each additional
salon pursuant to the development schedule outlined in the Master Development Agreement

Any initial MDAF contributions required pursuant to the Franchise Agreements for any locations
in the DMA will be waived, provided that you follow the approved grand opening advertising plan
as determined and approved in writing by Great Clips in its discretion. If you have not done so,
then in addition to the Initial Franchisee Fee, the initial MDAF contribution required by the
Franchise Agreement will be due and payable in full upon request.

If you meet the salon opening requirements prior to the expiration of the Master Development
Agreement, you may qualify to add additional salons in the Exclusive DMA for an Initial Franchise
Fee of $10,000 for each additional salon until the expiration of the term of the Master Development
Agreement.

If you do not meet the salon opening requirements prior to the expiration of the Master
Development Agreement, but we agree, at our sole option, to allow you to renew the Master
Development Agreement, in addition to any Initial Franchise Fee for each additional salon, you
also must pay Great Clips a renewal fee of $1,000 for each salon that has not yet opened under the
original Master Development Agreement.

The number of DMAs in which a Master Development Agreement is available is extremely
limited. A copy of the Master Development Agreement is attached as Exhibit H.

Three Star Program

The Three Star Program is a lease-signing incentive program with a term of 24
months. Franchisees may apply for three GREAT CLIPS® franchise agreements (each a “Three
Star Franchise Agreement”) for a non-refundable Program Fee of $35,000 plus a non-refundable
Initial Advertising Contribution to the MDAF of $5,000 (i.e., $40,000 total).

If the Three Star Program Agreement is accepted by Great Clips, the Initial Franchise Fee that
would otherwise be due under the then-current Franchise Agreement (currently, $20,000), will be
waived for each Three Star Franchise Agreement for which there is a fully-executed lease by the
end of the 24-month term. Further, if you follow the designated grand opening plan, as determined
by Great Clips, the MDAF contribution of $5,000 will be waived for each Three Star Franchise
                                                11
GREAT CLIPS®
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025 – v.2
