                           ADDENDUM TO GREAT CLIPS, INC.
                          FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
                          FOR THE STATE OF NORTH DAKOTA
       Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Great Clips, Inc. Disclosure
Document, the following provisions shall supersede and apply to all GREAT CLIPS® salon
franchises offered and sold in the state of North Dakota:
 1. The North Dakota Insurance Commissioner has determined that it is unfair and unequitable
    under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law for the franchisor to require the franchisee
    to sign a general release upon renewal of the Franchise Agreement. Therefore, the requirement
    that the franchisee signs a release upon renewal of the Franchise Agreement is deleted from
    Item 17c. and from any other place it appears in the Disclosure Document or in the Franchise
    Agreement.
 2. Item 17r. is revised to provide that covenants not to compete, such as those mentioned in Item
    17r. of the Disclosure Document are generally considered unenforceable in the state of North
    Dakota.
 3. Any references in the Disclosure Document and in the Franchise Agreement and to any
    requirement to consent to a waiver of exemplary and punitive damages are deleted.
 4. Any references in the Disclosure Document and in the Franchise Agreement to any requirement
    to consent to a waiver of trial by jury are deleted.
 5. Any claims arising under the North Dakota franchise law will be governed by the laws of the
    State of North Dakota.
 6. The prevailing party in any enforcement action is entitled to recover all costs and expenses,
    including attorney fees.
 7. Any references in the Disclosure Document and in the Franchise Agreement requiring
    franchisee to consent to termination penalties or liquidated damages are deleted.
 8. The North Dakota Insurance Commissioner has determined that it is unfair, unjust, or
    inequitable under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law for the franchisor to require the
    franchisee to consent to the jurisdiction of courts located outside of North Dakota or to
    arbitration or mediation at a site that is remote from the site of the franchisee’s business.
    Therefore, any references in Item 17(v) of the Disclosure Document and any requirement in
    Section 16 of the Franchise Agreement that the franchisee consents to the jurisdiction of courts
    located outside of North Dakota or to arbitration or mediation at a site located outside of North
    Dakota are deleted.
 9. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by any franchisee in
    connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i)
    waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement,
    or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by the Franchisor, franchise seller, or other
    person acting on behalf of the Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any
    document executed in connection with the franchise.
