                               Innovative Computer Software (ICS) -
                                    Great Clips® Franchisee

                              Styleware ™ Software Suite Agreement

THIS STYLEWARE SOFTWARE SUITE AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made and entered into
by and between Innovative Computer Software ("ICS"), 6321 Bury Drive Suite 1, Eden Prairie,
Minnesota 55346 and the Great Clips franchisee ("you").

                                             RECITALS

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises herein contained, and for other
good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency and receipt of which are hereby acknowledged,
the parties agree as follows:

Definitions:
“Styleware Software Suite” is a suite of applications and services designed, developed, and
made available to Great Clips franchisees by ICS and includes the following:

       Styleware iPad is salon management software developed by ICS for use by Great Clips
       franchisees to operate Great Clips® hair care salons using the iPad as a platform.
       Styleware Vantage is real time salon management application developed by ICS for use
       by Great Clips franchisees.
       Online Check-In is ICS’ Net Check-In™ product and related service as customized for use
       by the Great Clips franchise system and referred to in this document as “Online Check-
       In”. ICS Net Check-In is a software product and related service which offers customers an
       Internet-based method for checking in to a physical location remotely and in real time via
       the internet. The Net Check-In product and operation of the related service has been
       incorporated into Styleware IPad for ease of use in a salon.
       Salon Consolidator is salon analysis software developed by ICS for use by Great Clips
       franchisees.
       Salondata.com is an online reporting tool to provide Great Clips’ franchisees with access
       to operational reports from salon data stored and accessed through this website.
       Support Services are defined as customer support services provided to Great Clips by
       ICS including telephone, email and on-site support services, documentation, and training
       materials.

1. Licenses. ICS grants you a nonexclusive license to install and use the Styleware Software Suite
at a single site (i.e. physical location) at a time, whether the Styleware Software Suite is stored on
disk, in read only memory, on any other media or in any other form ("Licenses"). The Licenses do
not allow the Styleware Software Suite to exist at more than one site at a time. You may not
transfer your rights under these Licenses unless you transfer the related documentation, these
Licenses, and a copy of the Styleware Software Suite to a party who agrees to accept the terms
of these Licenses and destroy any other copies of the Styleware Software Suite in your posses-
sion.



                                          Page 1 - Ver. 012425
