             Laws.
4. Representations and Warranties. Franchisee represents and warrants that it certifies its
   understanding as to the following:
   4.1. As between Franchisee and GCI, GCI shall retain all rights, title, and interest in and to GCI
        Personal Data;
   4.2. Franchisee will not retain, use or disclose any GCI Personal Data outside of the direct business
        relationship with GCI, including not for any other commercial purpose;
   4.3. Franchisee will not sell, share, make available or otherwise disclose any GCI Personal Data to any
        third party;
   4.4. Franchisee will not combine GCI Personal Data governed by this Addendum with any Personal
        Data received from or on behalf of a third party;
   4.5. Franchisee will delete any GCI Personal Data at GCI’s direction;
   4.6. Franchisee does not, and will not, use any GCI Personal Data for advertising except as expressly
        approved by GCI, including cross-context behavioral advertising; and
   4.7. Franchisee understands the restrictions in this Addendum and will comply with them.

5. Deletion of Personal Data Upon Termination. Upon termination or expiration of all Agreements,
   termination of Franchisee’s franchise rights, or GCI’s issuance of other applicable Instructions,
   Franchisee shall delete or return GCI Personal Data, as directed by GCI, unless retention is required by
   applicable law or other surviving obligations.

6. Security. Franchisee and GCI shall each implement appropriate physical, technical, and organizational
   measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk of their respective Processing and
   Franchisee shall ensure that all personnel involved in the Processing of Personal Data adhere to a duty
   of confidentiality with respect to the Personal Data.

7. Audits. At least once every twelve (12) calendar months and upon GCI’s request, Franchisee will make
   available to GCI the results of any technical scans and other relevant information in Franchisee’s
   possession or control that is necessary to demonstrate compliance with this Addendum and Data
   Privacy Laws by either of the following methods:
    7.1. Upon GCI’s request, Franchisee will allow for and contribute to an audit including an onsite
         inspection, by GCI or its appointed third-party auditor(s), of Franchisee’s compliance with this
         Addendum and Data Privacy Laws. GCI agrees to take all reasonable measures to prevent
         unnecessary disruption of Franchisee’s operations.
    7.2. With GCI’s prior consent and at Franchisee’s cost and expense, Franchisee will arrange for a
         qualified and independent auditor to conduct an audit under an appropriate and industry-accepted
         framework of the Franchisee’s compliance with this Addendum and Data Privacy Laws, including
         relevant policies and technical and organizational measures. Franchisee shall provide a report of
         the audit to GCI upon request.
8. Data Incident. In the event of an actual or suspected Security Incident impacting any Personal Data or
   Processing activities related to the Relationship or GCI Personal Data, Franchisee will (a) notify GCI
   immediately, but no later than forty-eight (48) hours after Franchisee or any Subprocessor becomes
   aware of such Security Incident; (b) provide GCI with sufficient details of the Security Incident to allow
   GCI to meet any obligations under Data Privacy Laws to report or inform data subjects or relevant
   regulators of the Security Incident; and (c) provide support, and require any Subprocessor to provide
   support, to GCI in the investigation, mitigation, and remediation, and notification obligations under
   applicable laws.




GREAT CLIPS®                                        3 of 6                                       EXHIBIT R
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025                                              DATA PROCESSING ADDENDUM
