       14.2 Offer to Great Clips. If Franchisee desires to make an Assignment or otherwise
dispose of all or any part of Franchisee’s interest in this Agreement, Franchisee must first offer
the proposed transaction to Great Clips.

        14.3 Exclusions. Notwithstanding the terms of Section 14.2, the right of first refusal
will not apply if the assignee, transferee, or beneficiary is a Permitted Transferee. Franchisee must
obtain Great Clips’ prior written approval to the Assignment to a Permitted Transferee and must
comply with all of the terms and conditions of Section 15 of this Agreement.

        14.4 Documentation Required. In connection with any Assignment or other
disposition of all or any part of Franchisee’s interest in this Agreement, Franchisee must provide
the following information to Great Clips:

          (a)       a purchase agreement or letter of intent signed by the assignee or other party to the
                    transaction and by Franchisee, specifying all the material terms and conditions of
                    the offer including price and payment terms for the Salon. If the purchase
                    agreement or letter of intent includes reference to more than one GREAT CLIPS®
                    salon, Franchisee must specify price and payment terms on a per-salon basis so that
                    Great Clips can assess its contractual right of first refusal for the Salon governed
                    by this Agreement;
          (b)       a copy of the most recent income statement and the income statement from the
                    Salon’s last fiscal year end;
          (c)       a copy of the lease for the Authorized Location;
          (d)       current personal and business financial statements of the assignee; and
          (e)       any other information or documents as reasonably requested by Great Clips.

        14.5 Notice to Franchisee. Great Clips will have 60 days from the receipt of all of the
materials required under Section 14.4 to accept the offer, by written notice to Franchisee, on the
price and payment terms (or pay to Franchisee the cash equivalent of the price and payment terms)
of the third-party offer. If the proposed transaction includes assets not related to the operation of
the Salon (including, without limitation, if the offer includes reference to more than one GREAT
CLIPS® salon), Great Clips may choose to purchase only the assets related to the operation of the
Salon governed by this Agreement. In the event that Great Clips does not exercise its right of first
refusal and the offer changes in any way, or another offer is made to Franchisee, this new offer
must also be presented to Great Clips. Great Clips will have 60 days to accept the new offer, by
written notice to Franchisee, on the price and terms (or pay to Franchisee the cash equivalent of
the price and payment terms) of the third-party offer. Any offer that Great Clips does not match
must be transacted within 120 days from the date that Great Clips informs Franchisee of its intent
not to exercise its right of first refusal. If the transaction does not take place within 120 days,
Great Clips will have the right to re-evaluate and match the offer if it elects to do so by notice to
Franchisee.

       14.6 Cash Equivalent Offer. Great Clips will have the right to replace the price and
payment terms in the original purchase offer with a cash (“cash equivalent”) offer. If Great Clips
exercises its right of first refusal by making a cash equivalent offer, and there is any dispute

Great Clips, Inc.
Franchise Agreement - 2025
                                                     25
