                    standard “sail” trade dress), and replacing them with other décor items not of the
                    general type and appearance used in GREAT CLIPS® businesses; removing all
                    exterior and interior GREAT CLIPS® signs; discontinuing use of the approved wall
                    décor items and window decals; and refraining from using any names, slogans,
                    designs, décor items, colors or other items which may be confusingly similar to
                    those customarily used only in GREAT CLIPS® businesses. Great Clips reserves
                    the right to take any steps necessary, at the expense of Franchisee, to ensure a
                    complete and full de-identification of the Salon upon termination; and
          (g)       Franchisee must comply with the post-termination provisions of Section 20 and
                    with all other applicable provisions that continue beyond the termination of this
                    Agreement.
          (h)       Franchisee must execute a general release in favor of Great Clips and its affiliates
                    in a form acceptable to Great Clips.

          19.       TRANSFER OF SALON PREMISES AND EQUIPMENT

        19.1 Salon Premises. If Franchisee leases or subleases the Salon premises from Great
Clips, Great Clips has the unconditional right without liability to Franchisee to terminate such
lease or sublease simultaneously with the termination, expiration or non-renewal of this
Agreement. If Franchisee leases the Salon premises from a third party, Great Clips may at its sole
and absolute option, by notice to Franchisee, take an assignment of Franchisee's interest therein
effective as of the date of termination, expiration or non-renewal hereof, but without liability for
Franchisee’s accrued obligations.

         19.2 Salon Fixtures and Equipment. Great Clips has the right, by notice to Franchisee
at the termination, expiration or non-renewal of this Agreement, to purchase any or all equipment,
fixtures, furnishings or supplies owned by Franchisee and used at the Salon for fair market value.
If the parties cannot agree on fair market value, the price will be determined by an independent
and qualified appraiser selected by Great Clips without regard to goodwill or going concern value.
Great Clips may exercise its option to purchase the equipment, fixtures, furnishings or supplies
within 60 days after the date of termination, expiration or non-renewal, or upon Great Clips’ receipt
of the appraiser's report, whichever is later. If Great Clips exercises its purchase option, Franchisee
must sell and deliver to Great Clips the equipment, fixtures, furnishings or supplies it buys in good
and merchantable condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, free and clear of all encumbrances,
and deliver a bill of sale therefore. Great Clips will pay shipping from the Salon to Great Clips’
designated destination.


          20.       CONFIDENTIALITY AND RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS

       20.1 Confidentiality. During and after the term of this Agreement, Franchisee must not
disclose, except to Franchisee’s GREAT CLIPS® employees, or use for any purpose other than
operating the Salon, any trade secret, confidential or proprietary aspect of the GREAT CLIPS ®
System including, but not limited to, the contents of the Operations Manual, GREAT CLIPS ®
University, INsite+ and the other Websites, and other online communications, training videos,

Great Clips, Inc.
Franchise Agreement - 2025
                                                     35
