signage or proprietary items identifying Great Clips. Any material alterations, design or color
changes shall require prior Landlord approval, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld.

(h)    Landlord shall not allow Tenant to assign, sublet or transfer its interest in the Lease and
the Premises without the written approval of Great Clips.

(i)    Upon the written request from Great Clips, but not more than two times per calendar year,
Landlord will give Great Clips copies of all information submitted to Landlord by Tenant,
including, but not limited to, all financial statements and sales reports.

(j)    Landlord and Tenant acknowledge and agree that Great Clips is an intended third party
beneficiary of the rights granted Great Clips in this Section and the assignment provision.

20.     HEATING, VENTILATION AND AIR CONDITIONING.

(a)    Landlord, at its cost, shall maintain, repair and replace the heating, ventilation and air
condition system serving the Premises.

(b)    Landlord warrants that the heating, ventilation and air condition systems shall be new and
free from defect in material and workmanship for a period of one year from the Rent
Commencement Date.

21.     CODE COMPLIANCE.

Landlord warrants that at the time Landlord grants possession to Tenant the Premises shall comply
with all applicable codes.

22.     COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS.

Tenant shall in no event be obligated to make or pay the cost of any structural change, repair,
alteration or addition to its Premises if such is required generally of retail stores in shopping centers
by governmental entity or insurance underwriter or similar entities. Tenant shall make and pay the
cost of any non-structural change, repair, alteration or addition to its Premise required exclusively
of hair salons in shopping centers by governmental entity, insurance underwriters or similar
entities. Nothing contained herein shall negate Landlord’s or Tenant’s right to challenge any such
requirement in administrative and/or judicial proceedings.

23.     TENANT DEFAULT.

Tenant shall not be deemed to be in default of any terms of the Lease until Tenant’s receipt of
advance written notice of such default from Landlord. Such notice period shall be 10 days in the
event of a monetary default and 30 days in the event of a non-monetary default.

In the event of default, the Landlord warrants that it will use reasonable best efforts to relet and
mitigate all damages.

No amounts due by Tenant pursuant to the Lease, shall be accelerated prior to their due date,


GREAT CLIPS®                                     8 of 13                     EXHIBIT L - LEASE DOCUMENTS
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025                                                        LEASE ADDENDUM
