Tenant shall not be required to pay any hook up, access or impact fees, trunk fees, sprinkler fees,
fire department fees or any other charges in order to obtain any utility service to the Premises,
including, but not limited to, any such fees or charges for plumbing, water, sewage, electrical
service or fire protection. Such fees and charges shall be the sole obligation of Landlord.

In the event the disruption of any utility service shall render the Premises untenantable for a period
in excess of three days, then the fixed minimum rent, all items of additional rent and any other
charges payable pursuant to the Lease shall abate in full from the commencement of such three
day period until such time as the Premises are again tenantable

18.    ASSIGNMENT.

Tenant shall have the right to assign, sublet or otherwise transfer its interest in the Lease and the
Premises, without Landlord approval and without charge, to: (a) Great Clips, Inc. or its parent,
subsidiaries, affiliates or related parties (collectively, “Great Clips”); or (b) any entity succeeding
to all or substantially all of Great Clip’s assets or stock in connection with any merger or
consolidation or sale of the business; or (c) an authorized franchisee of Great Clips. Tenant shall
provide Landlord with written notice of an assignment, sublet or transfer of Tenant’s interest made
without Landlord’s approval. Tenant shall be released from all liability for obligations under the
Lease accruing subsequent to an assignment made in accordance with any one of subsections (a)
through (c) above.

In the event that any other assignment, sublet or transfer requires the approval of Landlord under
the Lease, then such approval by Landlord shall not be unreasonably withheld.

In the event of an assignment made in accordance with these provisions, any options to extend the
term of the Lease shall transfer to an assignee, and such assignee shall have the same right to
extend the term as Tenant under the Lease.

Landlord shall have no right to terminate the Lease in the event of an assignment, sublease or
transfer made in accordance with these provisions. Landlord shall not charge any fees or costs
for an assignment, sublease or transfer made in accordance with these provisions.

19.    FRANCHISOR RIGHTS AND NOTICES.

 (a)    In the event that the Tenant occupying the Premises (either by Lease execution or by
assignment, sublet or transfer) is or was a franchisee of Great Clips, Landlord grants to Great Clips
the right, but not the obligation, to assume the rights and obligations of Tenant under the Lease,
without Landlord approval and without charge, on the same terms and conditions, including
options to extend, upon either: (1) the termination, expiration or proposed transfer of the Great
Clips franchise agreement with Tenant; or (2) or upon a default under the Lease. Any such
assumption shall only occur upon Landlord’s receipt of written notice from Great Clips of the
exercise of the right to assume the Lease. Great Clips shall have no liability for defaults or
obligations accruing prior to the date of such assumption. Tenant hereby consents to such
assumption and agrees that Landlord shall be entitled to rely on any written notice from Great
Clips and shall have no liability to Tenant related thereto. Tenant shall immediately pay all rent


GREAT CLIPS®                                    6 of 13                     EXHIBIT L - LEASE DOCUMENTS
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025                                                       LEASE ADDENDUM
