(a)    Franchisee has given Great Clips written notice of its intent to extend this Agreement not
       less than 90 days before the expiration of the term of this Agreement;

(b)    Franchisee is in compliance with the terms and conditions of all Franchise Agreements
       entered into with Great Clips;

(c)    Franchisee’s rights of expansion with Great Clips are not restricted in any way under any
       Great Clips policy.

(d)    Franchisee and each of Franchisee’s shareholders shall sign a General Release and the then-
       current Master Development Agreement (the “Renewal MDA”) prior to the date that the
       term of this Agreement expires. Franchisee will be required to pay the Development Fee,
       required by the then-current Master Development Agreement. The Renewal MDA may
       contain terms materially different from those contained in this Agreement. If Franchisee is
       granted the right to renew this Agreement for an additional term of ten years, Franchisee
       will continue to open additional salons in the Exclusive DMA in accordance with the
       Development Schedule specified in the Renewal MDA. The Development Schedule in the
       Renewal MDA will be based on the then-current Market Unit Potential (“MUP”) for the
       Exclusive DMA. The total open salon requirement under the Development Schedule in the
       Renewal MDA does not include any projected or closed salons that exist at the time
       renewal. Franchisee will pay to Great Clips a Development Fee of $4,000 times each
       additional unit in the MUP as specified in Section 2 above (the “Renewal Development
       Fee.”)

(e)    If Franchisee is not in compliance with the Development Schedule specified in Section
       6.1, Great Clips, in its sole determination, may grant franchisee the right to renew this
       Agreement for an additional term of up to ten years, and the right to continue to open
       additional salons in the Exclusive DMA in accordance with the Development Schedule and
       terms set forth in the Renewal MDA. In the event Great Clips offers renewal to Franchisee who
       has not met the original Development Schedule, Franchisee will pay a Renewal Fee for each
       unopened salon at the time of renewal, which currently is $1,000 per each unopened salon
       and may be adjusted annually in proportion to changes in the Consumer Price Index – All
       Urban Consumers, or its successor index, as published by the U.S. Department of Labor.

        6.      Development Schedule. Beginning with the first anniversary of the Effective Date
of this Agreement, Franchisee is required to have open and operating the number of salon(s)
required to be open under the Development Schedule set forth in Section 6.1, below. The
Cumulative Number of Open Salons required under the Development Schedule does not include
projected or closed salons. Franchisee is required to meet a minimum opening schedule for salons
within the Exclusive DMA in order to be in compliance with the terms and conditions of this
Agreement and continue to receive the benefits of this Agreement as specified herein. Franchisee
agrees to




GREAT CLIPS®                                   3 of 8                                    EXHIBIT H
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT                                       MASTER DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT
