Choice of Law. This Agreement will be interpreted using the internal laws of the State of
Minnesota, including for the purpose of choice of law, as though all acts and omissions related
to this Agreement occurred in the State of Minnesota.

Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement in a specific
situation will not affect the validity or enforceability of that provision in other situations or of
other provisions of this Agreement.

Counterparts; Facsimile Signature. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of
which will be considered an original. To expedite this Agreement, you agree that your faxed
signature will be considered as good as your original signature and admissible in court as
conclusive evidence of this Agreement.

No Agency. The parties are independent contractors, and this Agreement does not create an
agency, partnership or joint venture.

No Third Party Beneficiaries. Except for Great Clips, Inc., which will be deemed a third-party
beneficiary hereunder, there are no third-party beneficiaries to this Agreement.

No Relationship to Franchise Agreement. With the exception that being a franchisee of Great
Clips, Inc. or its affiliates is required to be an Eligible Franchisee, this Agreement does not
modify your franchise agreement nor create any additional rights or benefits under your
franchise agreement.

Survival. All agreements, indemnities, promises, representations and warranties made by either
party in this Agreement, or in any, schedule, exhibit or other document furnished in connection
with the negotiation, execution and performance of this Agreement, shall survive the
expiration, termination, cancellation or assignment of this Agreement.

Arbitration; Collection. Except as provided below, any controversy or claim arising out of or
relating to this Agreement, including disputes relating to its formation, or the breach thereof,
that, subject to a good faith attempt by an executive officer of the party seeking to bring a
claim to negotiate a resolution before bringing such claim, will be settled by arbitration in
Minneapolis, Minnesota, at a time and location designated by a single arbitrator, but not
exceeding 90 days after a demand for arbitration has been made. Arbitration will be conducted
by the American Arbitration Association in accordance with its Commercial Arbitration Rules,
and judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having
jurisdiction thereof. The arbitrator will be selected from a panel of persons having experience
with and knowledge of data storage, web hosting or the information technology services
business. The arbitrator will be a retired state or federal judge or any attorney who has
practiced business litigation for at least 10 years. Limited civil discovery will be permitted for
the production of documents and taking of depositions. Unresolved discovery disputes may be
brought to the attention of, and may be decided by, the arbitrator. The arbitrator will assess the

                 greatclips@fndtn.com :: 612.928.2336 :: salonxstore.greatclips.com
