concerning whether Great Clips’ offer is equivalent to the price and payment terms, then the
following dispute resolution procedure will be utilized. Franchisee will have seven days after the
receipt of Great Clips’ cash equivalent offer to notify Great Clips that it claims that Great Clips’
offer is not of equivalent value to the price and payment terms of the transaction. If, within seven
additional days, Great Clips and Franchisee cannot resolve the dispute through negotiation, then
Great Clips and Franchisee will each appoint a separate national certified public accounting firm
to make an independent determination of what the cash equivalent of the price and payment terms
of the transaction would be. Great Clips and Franchisee will each bear their own costs of the work
of the separate national certified public accounting firm appointed by each of them to perform this
task. The accounting firms appointed to resolve this matter will finish their work within 30 days
of appointment. The final amount which will be utilized as the cash equivalent will be the average
of the amounts determined by each of the accounting firms. Upon that determination, Great Clips
will have the option of proceeding with its right of first refusal, utilizing the cash equivalent
amount determined by this process.

        14.7 Dispute Resolution Mechanism. This dispute resolution mechanism to determine
the cash equivalent for purposes of exercising the right of first refusal will be final, binding, and
non-appealable as a fully arbitrated resolution of this matter. The mandatory utilization of this
dispute resolution mechanism to determine the cash equivalency of the transaction terms for this
right of first refusal will constitute an exception to any other mechanism for the resolution of
disputes as set forth in Section 16 of this Franchise Agreement.

          15.       ASSIGNMENT OF FRANCHISE

      15.1 Assignment by Great Clips. Great Clips may assign its interest in this
Agreement, directly or indirectly, by merger, assignment, pledge or other means.

        15.2 Assignment by Franchisee. The rights granted to Franchisee pursuant to this
Agreement may be assigned or transferred by Franchisee only with the prior written approval of
Great Clips. Except as otherwise provided for in Great Clips’ assignment policies, no
consolidation of operations between franchisees will be recognized by Great Clips unless there
has been an approved assignment of Franchise Agreements. Whether Franchisee is an individual,
group of individuals, trust, partnership, corporation, limited liability company or other entity, any
assignment, directly or indirectly, occurring as a result of a single transaction or a series of
transactions that alters the Percentage of Ownership Interest reflected in Section 21.1 of this
Agreement, is an “assignment” within the meaning of this Section and must be consented to by
Great Clips. Franchisee must apply for consent to an assignment on Great Clips’ forms,
accompanied by the Assignment Fee described in Section 15.6 and proposed purchase agreement
or other agreement signed by the Franchisee and the proposed assignee. Any unauthorized
assignment is a breach of this Agreement, void, and of no effect.

       15.3 Restrictions. Franchisee may not assign any interest in this Agreement to any
person, persons or entity who is not currently a party to this Agreement if the Salon is not yet
operational, unless Franchisee is leaving the GREAT CLIPS® System entirely and Franchisee
previously developed, purchased or operated a GREAT CLIPS® salon pursuant to a separate

Great Clips, Inc.
Franchise Agreement - 2025
                                                 26
