               Information regarding Merchant or Merchants customers will not be used in any way contrary to any applicable
               laws.

8.6         Upon acceptance of this Agreement, Merchant confirms it has read, understood and accepted the HPS Online
            Privacy Policy.

      8.7      Confidential Information. Merchant and HPS will take reasonable steps to protect and maintain the
               confidentiality of confidential information as defined below (“Confidential Information”). bank account
               (a) The types of Confidential Information that HPS may collect, share or make available to Merchants will
               depend on the products or services provided to the Merchant. Confidential Information may include, but is not
               limited to, financial information, such as transaction data and financial account information of Merchant and/or
               its customers.

               Confidential Information further includes Personal Information, including but not limited to: social security
               number, driver’s license number, credit or debit card number, personal identification number or password that
               would permit access to a financial account, personal bank account number, passport number or email address.
               Confidential Information further includes information HPS provides to Merchant about HPS’s products, services,
               systems, and business.
               (b) Confidential Information shall not include information that is lawfully obtained and publicly available or that
               is derived from federal, state, or local government records lawfully made available to the public.
               (c) HPS may otherwise share or disclose Confidential Information pursuant to Sections 8.1, 8.2 and 8.3 or if it
               determines, in its sole discretion, that it is required to do so pursuant to any applicable law, regulatory
               requirement, and/or contractual obligation.


9. Reserve and Payment Obligations

      9.1      At any time, HPS may establish a Reserve Account to secure the performance of Merchant’s obligations
               hereunder, including without limitation in the event: (a) of a breach of this Agreement by Merchant; (b) of a
               material adverse change in Merchant’s financial condition;
               (c) Merchant receives excessive Chargebacks as determined by HPS, a Member Sponsor Bank or any Card
               Scheme; (d) Merchant has submitted fraudulent or suspicious Transactions; (e) HPS has reasonable grounds
               to believe that it may be or become liable to third parties due to Merchant’s action or inaction hereunder; (f) of
               a change in Merchant’s transaction volume or average ticket, or (g) HPS has reasonable grounds to believe
               that material fines, fees, or penalties may be assessed against HPS or a Member Sponsor Bank by a Card
               Scheme arising out of or relating to Merchant's failure to comply with the Rules. The amount of such Reserve
               Account shall be set and may be revised by HPS in its sole discretion at any time, based upon Merchant’s
               processing history and the anticipated risk of loss to HPS.

9.2         HPS may require that such Reserve Account be funded by all or any combination of the following:
              (a) debits to Merchant’s Account or any other accounts owned by Merchant;
              (b) deductions or offsets to any payments otherwise due to Merchant;
              (c) Merchant’s delivery of a letter of credit; or
              (d) Merchant’s pledge to HPS of a freely transferable negotiable certificate of deposit. Any such letter of credit
                  or certificate of deposit shall be issued or established by a financial institution acceptable to HPS.

               In the event of termination of this Agreement by either Merchant or HPS, an immediate Reserve Account, if not
               already established, may be established by HPS and the Reserve Account will be held by HPS for six (6)
               months after termination of this Agreement or for such longer time as HPS may, in its discretion, deem
               reasonably necessary based upon Merchant’s liability to HPS arising prior to or after termination of this
               Agreement and HPS may deposit into and retain in the Reserve Account any and all amounts otherwise payable
               to Merchant.

               Funds held in a Reserve Account may be held in a commingled Reserve Account for the reserve funds held in
               relation to HPS’s other merchants, without involvement by an independent escrow agent. Merchant agrees that
               it shall have no right, title or interest in or to the commingled Reserve Account and shall receive no interest on
               funds held in a Reserve Account. However, Merchant may have an unsecured contractual claim against HPS
               with respect to any amount which may be due to Merchant after the expiration of the period described herein.
               Alternatively, in the sole discretion of HPS, HPS may place the funds in a Reserve Account in Merchant’s name,
               and such funds shall be payable to Merchant therefrom in accordance with this Agreement. Any amount


A Global Payments Company                                       18 | Page                                      Revised: 11/01/24
© 2024 Heartland Payment Systems, LLC. All rights reserved.                                       Merchant Processing Agreement
