        GREAT CLIPS® salon, to re-attend training sessions. You may be required to re-attend all or
        portions of a GREAT CLIPS® training program, at our determination, as a condition for the
        renewal of your Franchise Agreement. We reserve the right to establish a reasonable training fee
        for mandatory re-training in connection with renewal of the franchise agreement, and you must
        pay your own travel and expenses.

        Training will be provided through a learning management system and a virtual meeting platform,
        such as Zoom. You must ensure that you and your staff have access to an Internet-enabled device
        to complete the online and the live virtual portions of the training. Training is not supported on
        smart phones or similar mobile devices.

        Training requirements are communicated and updated through emails, publications, manuals,
        and/or the Online Resources. Great Clips reserves the right to require any assignee or person
        active in the franchised business to complete all required training. Training for assignees is
        mandatory and must be completed to Great Clips’ satisfaction. Great Clips, in its sole
        determination, may increase or establish training fees and modify our training programs in whole
        or part.

        Any training we provide to any of your employees is intended only to provide guidance regarding
        the delivery of approved services to customers in a manner that reflects the customer service
        standards of the System. Great Clips’ provision of such training to your management and salon
        staff is to ensure consistent, quality delivery of the GREAT CLIPS® brand and approved services
        to customers and not to exercise any controls for which the franchisee is responsible. You are, and
        will remain, the sole employer of your employees at all times, including during all training
        programs, and you are solely responsible for all employment decisions and actions related to your
        employees. You are solely responsible for ensuring that your employees receive adequate training.

        Michelle Sack, Vice President of Learning and Development, oversees our training program. Ms.
        Sack has served in various positions since joining Great Clips in 1993, as detailed in Item 2. Others
        with broad experience in training, learning and development, and organizational development
        assist with the design and implementation of the required training programs.

                                                  TRAINING PROGRAM:

        QuickConnect Franchisee Training Program

                  Great Clips University
                                                       Hours of Classroom   Hours of on the
                          Subject                          Training          Job Training                    Location
Starting Off Great- Expectations Call                            1                0           Webinar
Module 1: Orientation to Great Clips                           1.48               0           Online
Module 2: Franchisee Finances                                  .53                0           Online
   •    Salon Budgeting & Financing Call                       .5                 0           Phone Call
Module 3: The Real Estate Process                             .38                 0           Online
   •    Real Estate Call                                       1                  0           Phone Call
Module 4: The 5 Steps to Customer Care                        1.3                 0           Online
    •    Attend The Great Clips Academy Live Virtual          3.5                             Live Virtual
                                                                                  0
         Session

                                                            37
        GREAT CLIPS®
        FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025 – v.2
