        of-pocket costs in connection with attending any meetings or seminars (Franchise
        Agreement - Section 7.3).

3)      Provide continuing consulting and information on advertising and promotional matters,
        training and development procedures, and general guidance and advice through email,
        including the GREAT CLIPS® Online Resources, directives, company news, meetings and
        seminars. Furnish you with field support services that Great Clips considers advisable in
        order to provide support and recommendations to resolve operating challenges you may
        encounter (Franchise Agreement - Sections 6.1-6.8 and 7.2-7.4).

4)      Provide standard electronic accounting forms, other accounting forms and electronic
        reports (Franchise Agreement - Section 12.1).

5)      Include you in purchasing programs Great Clips may establish periodically with respect to
        salon design, fixtures, furnishings, equipment, inventories and supplies. Availability of
        such purchasing programs may also be subject to available credit terms and your continuing
        qualification to participate in these programs as a franchisee in good standing (Franchise
        Agreement - Sections 7.2 and 9.5).

6)      Establish marketing and sales promotion programs for the benefit of the GREAT CLIPS ®
        System. You will be required to participate in these promotional programs. You will be
        required to sell services or goods with maximum retail price limits and/or offer various
        promotional items, cross marketing coupons, rebates or various other sales and marketing
        goods or value-added items. Periodic discount pricing on promotions will be based on
        Great Clips’ unilateral determination of what would be in the best interest of the franchise
        System to protect its competitive brand position. (Franchise Agreement - Sections 11.2-
        11.7)

7)      Provide additional training on System Standards to you, your management staff and other
        key personnel with brand-delivery responsibilities at the current fee as described in this
        Item 11. You must pay all wages, benefits, travel and expenses for you and your staff
        associated with any training (Franchise Agreement – Sections 6.1-6.8 and 7.3).

8)      Provide information and advice on the operation of the GREAT CLIPS® business through
        the training program documentation, brand documents, and various other manuals which
        Great Clips will modify as needed. These modifications will not alter your status or rights
        under the Franchise Agreement. The System Standards, including all training program
        documentation, brand documents and manuals, are confidential and remain the property of
        Great Clips (Franchise Agreement - Sections 9.1, 9.2 and 20.1). The System Standards
        include both required and recommended standards. Any required standards exist to protect
        our interest in the System and the Marks and not for the purpose of establishing any control
        or duty to take control over those matters that are reserved to you. Great Clips reserves the
        right to periodically develop, issue and revise new policies and procedures relating to the
        operation of the franchised business, which will become part of the System Standards. All
        franchisees are required to abide by and follow the System Standards, including all newly-
        developed and revised policies and procedures, in operating their franchise.

                                                 31
GREAT CLIPS®
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025 – v.2
