communications that Great Clips may establish from time to time (collectively, the “Online
Resources”), in the GREAT CLIPS® Operations Manual, facility standards, sales and purchase
orders and through other communications from Great Clips to its franchisees. You will receive
online access to the GREAT CLIPS® Online Resources, and Great Clips' manuals during or before
your initial training.

Great Clips has no affiliates who are currently approved suppliers, or the sole approved supplier,
for any categories of goods and services. There are no other approved suppliers in which any
officers of Great Clips own an interest.

To ensure brand consistency, Great Clips sells the following items to you: (a) lobby items
including reception desk, lobby merchandisers, coat rack, graphics, lobby chairs, LVT flooring,
carpeting and walk off mats; (b) sales area items including work stations, mirrors, station dividers,
all-purpose chair, child seat, hydraulic chairs, flooring materials, anti-fatigue mats, broom cabinet
and wall graphics; (c) flex station items including flex or shampoo stations, shampoo bowls with
vacuum breaker; and (d) certain interior and exterior signage including illuminated window
signage and outdoor signs, GREAT CLIPS® graphics package, acrylic poster holder, price board
and window stickers. Currently, Great Clips is the only supplier for these items but alternate
sources may be designated by Great Clips in its sole determination.

Great Clips reserves the right in the future to require franchisees to participate in a closed network
video and audio system and to require franchisees to sign an installation agreement for the
equipment necessary for this in-salon video service.

You must meet certain standards that are communicated as necessary by Great Clips relating to
use of the GREAT CLIPS® trade name, trademarks and service marks on all printed materials and
items used by you and in your Salon. You may purchase your printed materials and items through
Ideal Printers, Inc. or a supplier of your choice as long as all standards are met for those items and
all artwork has been pre-approved by Great Clips. Paper goods, such as product brochures and
financial and business forms, must be purchased from suppliers designated by Great Clips.
Currently, Salon Innovations, Inc. and Ideal Printers, Inc. are Great Clips' only designated
suppliers for these items. Additionally, for any consumer marketing materials where consumer
data is utilized, you may only use those marketing vendors designated by Great Clips.

In the year ended December 31, 2024, Great Clips’ total revenue from all sources, including sales
from required purchases, was $115,242,065. Great Clips’ sales from required purchases were
$16,270,369 or 14.1% of the above-referenced combined gross revenues of $115,242,065.

You must carry GREAT CLIPS® exclusive brand haircare products in your Salon and must
purchase these products from suppliers designated by Great Clips. Currently, Salon Innovations,
Inc. is the only designated supplier for such items. The other haircare products which you must
currently carry are MATRIX TOTAL RESULTS®, AMERICAN CREW®, BOSLEY MD™,
SEXY HAIR®, TIGI BEDHEAD® and JOHN PAUL MITCHELL SYSTEMS®. These products
may be purchased from distributors of these products as designated by Great Clips. You may only
use and sell products approved by Great Clips in your Salon. You must purchase your required
opening inventory and ongoing supplies of such items as combs, hairbrushes and curling irons

                                                 22
GREAT CLIPS®
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025 – v.2
