unless the mark GREAT CLIPS® is used in direct conjunction with such use, either alone or in a
phrase such as GREAT CLIPS FOR HAIR®.

There are no other agreements currently in effect that limit Great Clips’ rights to use or license the
use of the Marks. There are currently no infringing uses actually known to Great Clips which
could materially affect your use of the GREAT CLIPS® Marks, trade name, logotypes or other
commercial symbol in the state in which your Salon is to be located. There are no effective
determinations of the Patent Office, the trademark administrator of any state or any court and there
is no pending material litigation involving the Marks that are material to the franchise.

You must follow our rules when you use the Marks, including giving proper notice and obtaining
fictitious or assumed name registrations as required by law. You may not use any Mark in your
corporate or legal business name; with modifying words, terms, designs, or symbols (except for
those we license to you); in selling any unauthorized services or products; or as part of any domain
name, homepage, electronic address, or otherwise in connection with a website.

You must notify Great Clips promptly if you become aware of any unauthorized use, infringement
or challenge to your use of the Marks. Great Clips reserves the right to control any trademark
litigation and you must cooperate with any action that Great Clips takes. The attorneys’ fees for
an infringement action will be paid by Great Clips. Great Clips has the right to change the Marks
if necessary, on either a regional or system-wide basis, and in such case, you are obligated, at your
expense, to make changes designated by Great Clips in the Salon’s signage and trade dress.

                                              Item 14

            PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION

Patents and Copyrights

Great Clips does not own any rights in or to any patents or registered copyrights material to the
franchise, nor does Great Clips have any pending patent applications. Although Great Clips has
not filed an application for copyright registration for the Operations Manual, the GREAT CLIPS®
Website, GREAT CLIPS® University, other manuals, videos, electronic media, training programs
and promotional materials, Great Clips owns a common law copyright for these and other items it
has developed and retains the right to register them.

Confidential and Proprietary Information

Great Clips’ confidential and proprietary information includes the System Standards as outlined
in the Operations Manual, the GREAT CLIPS® Online Resources, other manuals, training
programs, advertising and promotional materials, electronic media, technologies, systems of
operation, trade secrets, programs, policies, standards, techniques, requirements and
specifications, customer records, instructional materials and other matters. You may not disclose,
except to your own Salon employees on a need-to-know basis or use for any purpose other than
operating the Salon, any confidential and proprietary information. You are also responsible for
ensuring that your employees maintain the same level of confidentiality. If you or your employees

                                                 45
GREAT CLIPS®
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025 – v.2
