   or surrendered by the Sublessor in any manner, without the prior consent of Sublessee in such
   instance.

   1.4     It is understood by Sublessee that any services, repairs, and alterations to be furnished
   pursuant to the terms of the Prime Lease will, in fact, be furnished by Landlord and not by
   Sublessor. Except as may result from the wrongful act of Sublessor, Sublessor shall in no event
   be liable to Sublessee, nor shall the obligations of Sublessee be impaired or the performance
   thereof be excused except as provided in the Prime Lease, because of any failure or delay on the
   part of Landlord in furnishing any such service or in making any such repairs or alterations in or
   to the Leased Premises.

   1.5     If Sublessor shall take or participate in any legal action in the enforcement of Sublessor’s
   rights against Landlord for the benefit of Sublessor and Sublessee, solely with regard to the
   Subleased Premises, Sublessee shall, promptly upon demand reimburse Sublessor for all
   expenses incurred by Sublessor including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees and court costs.

                                              ARTICLE 2
                                                TERM

   2.1    This Sublease shall begin and be of full force and effect as to both Sublessor and
   Sublessee pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.1 of the Prime Lease. Sublessee shall have the
   sole obligation to comply with any and all requirements to exercise any renewal options provided
   in the Prime Lease, including providing Landlord with timely notice that Sublessee intends to
   exercise a renewal option.

                                              ARTICLE 3
                                                RENT

   3.1    Basic Monthly Rent. Sublessee shall pay the basic monthly rent during the term of the
   Sublease as set forth in Section _____ of the Prime Lease and as therein adjusted from time to
   time, which amounts shall be paid directly by Sublessee to the Landlord in accordance with the
   terms of the Prime Lease.

   3.2    Additional Rent. Sublessee acknowledges that pursuant to Section _____ of the Prime
   Lease the Tenant is obligated to pay additional rent, as the same is therein defined. Sublessee
   agrees to make all payments of additional rent to Landlord, as provided in the Prime Lease,
   which amounts shall be subject to adjustment as provided in the Prime Lease.

                                          ARTICLE 4
                                    STATUS OF PRIME LEASE

   4.1     Sublessor warrants and represents that it is not in default under any of the terms and
   conditions contained in the Prime Lease an that the same is in full force and effect and that all
   sums due and payable thereunder as of the date of Sublease have been or will be paid in full, and
   that the Prime Lease has not been extended, modified or amended.




GREAT CLIPS®                                   2 of 7                    EXHIBIT L - LEASE DOCUMENTS
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT                                                                SUBLEASE
