            the case of an NFC-enabled Transaction) thereby causing the equipment to electronically read a magnetically
            encoded stripe or EMV chip on the reverse side of each Card, except for Card-Not-Present Transactions, which
            are governed by Section 4.15 hereof.

            Any Transaction that cannot be authorized electronically through the equipment or manually key entered is
            subject to a Voice Authorization call. Merchant shall obtain an Authorization prior to completing a Card-Not-
            Present Transaction.

            Any Transaction that is not properly authorized is made with full recourse and may be charged back to Merchant;
            furthermore, any Card-Not-Present Transaction will be subject to additional charges for a Mid- Qualifying or
            Non-Qualifying Transaction. An Authorization does not constitute a guarantee of payment, only an indication of
            available credit, and may be subject to dispute or Chargeback.

            Except at such times as the equipment may be inoperable, Merchant shall not engage in soliciting or accepting
            Card-Not-Present Transactions without the prior written permission of HPS, and then only for such Products
            and in such amounts as stated in such written permission. Merchant shall not utilize the service of any third
            party (e.g. telemarketer) to solicit or accept orders or engage in Outbound Telemarketing Transactions.

    4.10    MERCHANT ACKNOWLEDGES THAT AN AUTHORIZATION DOES NOT CONSTITUTE:
            (A) A WARRANTY THAT THE PERSON PRESENTING THE CARD IS THE RIGHTFUL CARDHOLDER; OR
            (B) A PROMISE OR GUARANTEE BY HPS THAT IT WILL PAY OR ARRANGE FOR PAYMENT TO
                MERCHANT FOR THE AUTHORIZED TRANSACTION. AN AUTHORIZATION DOES NOT PREVENT A
                SUBSEQUENT CHARGEBACK OF AN AUTHORIZED TRANSACTION PURSUANT TO THIS
                AGREEMENT.

    4.11    When possible to do so, Merchant shall utilize the equipment as the exclusive method for obtaining
            Authorization codes. Voice Authorization service is for use during equipment downtime periods only. Use of
            Voice Authorization systems will result in additional charges for such use being assessed to Merchant based
            on HPS then-current rates. Merchant will record for every Transaction applicable Authorization and reference
            numbers on each Sales Draft to facilitate the timely and accurate retrieval of information as requested by HPS.

    4.12    Merchant shall use its best efforts, by reasonable and peaceful means, to recover the Card when:
            (a) Merchant is advised to recover the Card in response to an Authorization request; or
            (b) Merchant has reasonable grounds to believe that the Card is counterfeit, fraudulent or stolen. Merchant
                shall take no action to recover a Card that may result in a breach of the peace.

    4.13    Merchant may utilize the equipment’s keypad to input Card number(s) in the following instances:
            (a) Card-Not-Present Transactions; or
            (b) the magnetic stripe on a Card is damaged and therefore unreadable by the equipment; or
            (c) the equipment’s Card reader is inoperative, in which case Merchant shall immediately advise HPS.

    4.14    If a Merchant is approved as an Internet, Mail Order or Telephone Order Merchant, the following sections of
            this Agreement shall not apply: 4.3 (b) and (g), 4.5, 4.9, 4.12, and 4.13 and such sections shall be replaced by
            the following:
            (a) Merchant shall obtain an Authorization for all Transactions. Any Transaction that cannot be authorized
                 electronically is subject to a Voice Authorization call. Any Transaction that is not properly authorized is
                 made with full recourse and may be charged back to the Merchant. An Authorization does not constitute a
                 guarantee of payment, but may be subject to dispute or Chargeback;
            (b) Merchant shall print legibly the following information on the Sales Draft; Merchant’s name and address;
                 (i) the Card Issuer’s name;
                 (ii) the truncated account number of the Card;
                 (iii) the expiration date of the Card and any effective date on the Card; and
                 (iv) the Cardholder’s name. Merchant shall be deemed to warrant to HPS the Cardholder’s identity as an
                       authorized user of the Card;
            (c) Merchant is required to use a real-time Internet payment gateway authorized in advance by HPS to obtain
                 Authorization codes and process Transactions;
            (d) Internet Transactions are Card-Not-Present Transactions and must be performed on the Internet by the
                 customer; or
            (e) In the case of a Virtual Terminal, the Internet Merchant Store Front (the customer interface) must be Web
                 Hosted so that the credit Transactions are received over a secure socket layer (SSL) by the Merchant;


A Global Payments Company                                     8 | Page                                    Revised: 11/01/24
© 2024 Heartland Payment Systems, LLC. All rights reserved.                                  Merchant Processing Agreement
