electronic media and other materials or communications, Great Clips’ training programs,
marketing calendars, marketing plans, or other information or know-how distinctive to a GREAT
CLIPS® salon (collectively, “Confidential Information”). Franchisee is further responsible for
ensuring that Franchisee's employees maintain the same level of confidentiality. Franchisee may
not use any Confidential Information for the purpose of machine learning, augmented human
intelligence development, training any artificial intelligence (“AI”) model, algorithm
improvement, or similar data aggregation activities without the express written consent of Great
Clips. Such uses shall not be deemed related to the performance of this Agreement and are
expressly prohibited. Franchisee shall not, without prior written consent by Great Clips, input any
Confidential Information into any generative AI platform, or disclose such information to any
provider or source of generative AI services. Franchisee shall opt out of allowing any provider or
source of generative AI to utilize Confidential Information for training of any AI model or for
other purposes. If Franchisee or Franchisee's employees learn about an unauthorized use of any
trade secret or confidential or proprietary materials, Franchisee must promptly notify Great Clips.
Great Clips is not obligated to take any action but will respond as it deems appropriate to safeguard
its trade secrets and confidential or proprietary information. If Franchisee, Franchisee’s spouse,
or an employee of Franchisee at any time conducts, owns, consults with, is employed by or
otherwise assists a similar or competitive business to that franchised hereunder, it is Franchisee’s
burden to prove that Franchisee is not in violation of this covenant.

        20.2 Non-Competition. To prevent a conflict of interest and unfair competition based
upon Franchisee’s knowledge and use of the GREAT CLIPS® System and Marks, Franchisee and
its spouse, will not, without Great Clips’ prior written consent (which may be withheld arbitrarily),
directly or indirectly engage or participate in, consult with, or assist in any way, or participate in
or share the earnings or profits of, or lease property or sell or transfer assets to any other business
or activity that competes with the GREAT CLIPS® business, including any Retail Haircare
Business, beauty school, barber school, cosmetology school, or any business selling hair products:
(a) during the term of this Agreement, at any location or over the Internet; (b) for one year after
the expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason anywhere within five miles of the
Authorized Location or of any GREAT CLIPS® salon; and (c) for one year after Franchisee has
assigned its interest in this Agreement anywhere within five miles of the Authorized Location or
of any GREAT CLIPS® salon. For purposes of this Section 20.2, a “Retail Haircare Business”
includes any business that: (a) offers any service that appears on the then-current GREAT CLIPS®
price board; (b) sells any product related to any service that appears on the then-current GREAT
CLIPS® price board; or (c) offers any services or product sales related to blow drying and/or
styling, hair braiding, hair treatments, or perms. Franchisee will not acquire or hold directly or
indirectly any interest (other than one percent or less of the stock in a publicly-traded corporation)
in another Retail Haircare Business or haircare franchisor, without Great Clips’ prior written
consent. Franchisee expressly agrees that the one year period and the five mile limit are the
reasonable and necessary time frame and distance required to protect Great Clips and GREAT
CLIPS® franchisees if this Agreement expires or is terminated for any reason, and that this
covenant not to compete is necessary to permit Great Clips the opportunity to resell and/or develop
a new GREAT CLIPS® business at or near the Authorized Location. If a court or arbitrator finds
this Section or any portion of this Section to be unenforceable, the court or arbitrator is authorized


Great Clips, Inc.
Franchise Agreement - 2025
                                                  36
