                                              Item 1

   THE FRANCHISOR, AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES

Franchisor

To simplify the language in this Disclosure Document, “Great Clips” means Great Clips, Inc., the
Franchisor. “You” means the person or entity that executes the Franchise Agreement with Great
Clips and each individual who has any ownership interest in that entity. Great Clips is a Minnesota
corporation that was incorporated on July 12, 1982. Great Clips' principal business office is 4400
West 78th Street, Suite 700, Minneapolis, MN 55435. Great Clips has no predecessors or affiliates.
Great Clips does business under its corporate name and the trade name and service mark GREAT
CLIPS®. Great Clips' agents for service of process are disclosed in Exhibit Q.

Franchised Business

Great Clips licenses the operation of GREAT CLIPS® salons, which are specialized and distinctive
retailers of haircare and personal grooming services and products. Great Clips has developed an
image, distinctive brand, and business system for the development and operation of GREAT
CLIPS® salons offering haircare and personal grooming products and services, all of which may
be changed, improved, substituted, or further developed from time to time (the “System”),
identified by the GREAT CLIPS® trademark and such other registered and unregistered
trademarks and service marks as may be specified from time to time (the “Marks”). The franchise
described in this Disclosure Document is a license to develop and operate a single GREAT CLIPS®
business (the “Salon”) at a designated location approved by Great Clips (the “Authorized
Location”). The Franchise Agreement authorizes you to use the GREAT CLIPS® trade name and
service mark in connection with the operation of the Salon and permits you to use the distinctive
identity, trade dress, methods and system developed by Great Clips for operating the Salon (the
“System Standards”). GREAT CLIPS® salons offer consistent, high quality, affordable, limited
haircare services and a limited selection of products designated by Great Clips for men, women
and children in a distinctive retail environment. You must pay certain fees and make certain
investments, described in Items 5 through 7 of this Disclosure Document. Other material aspects
of the franchise are described in this Disclosure Document and in the Franchise Agreement
included as Exhibit F, which will govern the relationship between you and Great Clips. Certain
parts of the Franchise Agreement are highlighted in Item 17.

Great Clips has the right to offer the Three Star Program to qualified individuals. The Three Star
Program is a lease-signing incentive program. Under the Three Star Program, a franchisee will
sign a Three Star Program Agreement (the “Three Star Program Agreement”), a copy of which is
included as Exhibit G, along with three separate franchise agreements (the “Three Star Franchise
Agreements”) – one for each of the Three Star Franchises granted under the Three Star Program.
The form of Franchise Agreement you will sign in connection with the Three Star Program is
attached as Exhibit F. The term of the Three Star Program Agreement is 24 months from the date
the Three Star Program Agreement is signed. Under the Three Star Program, a franchisee must
sign a lease for each of the Three Star Franchise Agreements granted under the Three Star Program

                                                1
GREAT CLIPS®
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025 – v.2
