Agreement. The Operations Manual, training videos, electronic media, and other communications
may only be available on the Internet or other online communications.

        9.3     Personnel. Franchisee must devote its best efforts to the management and
operation of the GREAT CLIPS® business. Franchisee will manage or operate the Salon on a
regular basis through Designated Operator(s), a General Manger, or a manager who has
successfully completed the Great Clips Academy and the LEADS training programs. Franchisee
is solely responsible for staffing the Salon with qualified, competent employees who are courteous
to the public and have been trained in accordance with Great Clips’ standards within the time frame
required by Great Clips. No employee of Franchisee will be deemed an employee of Great Clips
for any purpose whatsoever, and nothing in any aspect of the GREAT CLIPS ® System or Marks
in any way shifts any employee or employment responsibility to Great Clips. Franchisee is solely
responsible for staffing, recruiting, hiring, supervising and discharging employees, assuring their
continuing compliance with standards of training and competence and setting their wages and
terms of employment in a manner that complies with all applicable federal, state and local
employment laws and ordinances. Franchisee may not utilize independent contractors to staff the
Salon. Franchisee is solely responsible for the safety and well-being of its employees and
customers of the Salon.

       9.4    Hours of Operation. To protect the GREAT CLIPS® System and Marks, the
Salon must be open for business seven days a week, subject to holidays and the hours to be open
each day prescribed by Great Clips, as may be amended from time to time.

        9.5    Products and Services. Franchisee must use and offer for sale all, but only those,
services and products that are designated periodically by Great Clips. Franchisee acknowledges
and agrees that Great Clips may change designated services and products from time to time and
Franchisee is obligated to conform to the then-current requirements as they may change. Service
prices must be stated only in even-dollar amounts or other distinctive denominations or formats
designated periodically by Great Clips. Franchisee will use only the type and style of pricing board
designated by Great Clips. Franchisee will offer GREAT CLIPS® services and exclusive brand
products only from the Authorized Location and from no other location or through the Internet or
other online communications. Franchisee may not conduct business at the Authorized Location
other than the GREAT CLIPS® business.

        9.6    Other Businesses. If Franchisee is affiliated with other businesses, Franchisee may
not be a designated or required supplier to the GREAT CLIPS® franchise system. Franchisee is
prohibited from utilizing the GREAT CLIPS® Marks, the Online Resources (as defined in Section
10.6) or the Great Clips Email (as defined in Section 10.7) in association with a business other
than the GREAT CLIPS® business.

        9.7    Revenues. Great Clips and its affiliates may offer to sell various products and
services to Franchisee at a profit. Great Clips reserves the right to receive fees or other
consideration in connection with GREAT CLIPS® sales promotion and advertising programs or
from other vendors. Great Clips will retain and use such payments as it deems appropriate in its
sole determination or as required by the vendor.

Great Clips, Inc.
Franchise Agreement - 2025
                                                15
