or relocated salon will operate. A copy of the current Expediter Program Policy will be made
available to you upon request.

VetFran Program

Great Clips is a member of the International Franchise Association (“IFA”) and participates in the
IFA’s VetFran Program. Great Clips provides a $5,000 rebate of the Initial Franchise Fee to
veterans of the United States and Canadian armed forces who have been honorably discharged
from the military and who otherwise meet the requirements of the VetFran Program. This rebate
is awarded at the time qualified veterans open their first salon and is available for the first salon
only.

Great Clips has offered in connection with franchise development activity special incentive
programs featuring bonuses, rebates, reduced initial franchise fees, non-refundable deposits or
other types of incentives to employees or various incentive programs to existing or prospective
franchisees which may include financing support or other developmental programs. Great Clips
compensates third parties for the referral of individuals who become franchisees.

Great Clips has the right to offer, modify, withdraw and reinstate any of the foregoing programs
in the future without notice. In addition, Great Clips, in its sole determination, has the right to
determine whether to offer incentive programs to franchisees.

The range of Initial Franchise Fees paid by GREAT CLIPS® franchisees during Great Clips' last
fiscal year was $20,000 for a single salon, $35,000 for a Three Star Agreement, and $6,000 for a
salon under a Master Development Agreement.

Initial Purchases

You will be required to purchase your fixtures, signage, flooring, and your initial
inventory/supplies for your Salon from Great Clips prior to the Salon opening, these costs will also
include tax and freight charges and are further outlined in Item 7 and Item 8. The estimated cost
for these items is $48,700 - $71,600.

Architecture Fees

You must pay to Great Clips architecture fees ranging from $100 to $3,800 for plans and drawings
for your Salon and for the costs of copying and delivering the drawings. The higher end of this
estimate assumes that revisions to completed plans are required, and local building code requires
engineered mechanical, electrical and plumbing drawings. The higher end of this estimate also
assumes that your Salon will be located in a building requiring LEED Certification (Leadership in
Energy and Environmental Design Green Building Rating System).

Lease Liability Fee and Lease Review Fee

If Great Clips guarantees your lease or assigns a lease to you with continuing liability to Great
Clips, you must pay a non-refundable lease liability fee to Great Clips in the amount of $1,500.

                                                 13
GREAT CLIPS®
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025 – v.2
