VPP Terms and Conditions for Management iPads
Great Clips, Inc. has established a Volume Purchase Program (the “VPP”) with Apple, Inc., as
maintained and operated by the Foundation, to take advantage of volume purchasing of iPad
applications and to leverage technological capabilities across the Great Clips®system (you may
read more about this program generally here).

Franchisee agrees to be subject to all terms and conditions of the applicable program, as
required by Apple, Inc. (the terms and conditions are available here, as may be amended from
time to time by Apple, Inc.) and are incorporated by reference. Failure to adhere to such terms,
whether or not enforced by Apple, Inc. may result in Great Clips, Inc. taking action against the
breaching franchisee to protect its rights, including, but not limited to, removing franchisee
from the VPP.

The Foundation may create an Apple ID on behalf of the franchisee for the Management iPad
for participation in the VPP, as a sub-account to the Great Clips, Inc. parent account.

Using the parent account, Great Clips, Inc. is able to purchase certain applications which are
required to be used by the Franchisee in its salon operations. Once purchased, the Foundation
will push applications out to each applicable device in the Great Clips®system, and otherwise
require Franchisee to maintain certain applications on the iPad at all times for purposes of
compliance with the Franchise Agreement.

Franchisee is solely responsible for the cost, updates and liability for any non-required
applications downloaded by Franchisee but must work through the Foundation in order to
purchase or download applications other than those required by Great Clips, Inc.

Franchisee must not purchase or download applications that are inappropriate, offensive, or
could otherwise harm the Great Clips® brand, as determined by Great Clips, Inc. is its sole
discretion. Great Clips, Inc. may conduct an audit of such purchases or downloads at any time
and disable or delete any applications it determines, in its sole discretion, violates this
acknowledgement.

Applications installed on the Management iPads are not the property of any franchisee. If the
franchisee no longer owns the salon in which the management iPad is associated (excluding
transfers to a new salon location by the same franchisee), or is no longer a franchisee of the
Great Clips® system, franchisee will lose access to any required or purchased application on
the iPad at the time of termination and the Foundation is unable to transfer those purchased
applications to a new owner.

Great Clips, Inc. may change, remove or otherwise modify the VPP at any time, and shall notify
Franchisee upon such change.




                greatclips@fndtn.com :: 612.928.2336 :: salonxstore.greatclips.com
