       (a)     Franchisee or any of Franchisee’s owners or affiliates fails to pay any amounts due
               to Great Clips;
       (b)     Great Clips terminates any Franchise Agreement executed by Franchisee or any of
               Franchisee’s owners or affiliates, for any reason. Such termination does not include
               cancellations, non-renewals, failures to relocate, deferrals, or other incentive
               programs;
       (c)     Franchisee breaches any of the material terms and conditions of this Agreement;
       (d)     Franchisee or Franchisee’s owners or affiliates are not in compliance with Great
               Clips’ policies, procedures or System Standards at any franchised location or under
               any Franchise Agreement in the Exclusive DMA or elsewhere;
       (e)     Franchisee sells, assigns or transfers this Agreement or any interest in Franchisee,
               in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Great Clips; or
       (f)     Franchisee sells, assigns or transfers any ownership interest of any single Franchise
               Agreement within the Exclusive DMA.

Great Clips, in its sole determination, may provide Franchisee an opportunity to cure a default
under this Agreement.

Termination of this Agreement will not in and of itself constitute a material breach of any individual
Franchise Agreements signed by Franchisee or Franchisee’s owners or affiliates; upon termination
of this Agreement, all rights granted to Franchisee to develop GREAT CLIPS® salons under this
Agreement will immediately revert to Great Clips.

         9.     Impact of Termination on Initial Franchise Fees. Upon termination of this
Agreement, in Great Clips’ sole determination, Franchisee may be allowed to open Salons pursuant to
existing Franchise Agreements currently approved under this Agreement but not yet opened (if
any), without any additional Initial Franchise Fees due to Great Clips, so long as said Franchise
Agreement has a fully executed lease in place as of the date of termination of this Agreement, and
a complete and true copy of the executed lease is received by Great Clips within 10 days of said
termination date. Any Franchise Agreement with Franchisee for the Exclusive DMA that has a fully
executed lease attached to it will not be eligible for a refund of the Initial Franchise Fee. If
Franchisee wishes to keep any Franchise Agreement in the Exclusive DMA that does not have a
fully executed lease in place as of the date of termination, Franchisee must pay the then-current
initial franchise fee for a single Franchise Agreement but will receive full credit for the $6,000
Initial Franchise Fee already paid pursuant to this Agreement. If Franchisee does not wish to keep
any Franchise Agreement in the Exclusive DMA that does not have a fully executed lease in place
as of the date of termination, Franchisee may cancel the Franchise Agreement and receive a refund
of the $6,000 Initial Franchise Fee that was paid by Franchisee for the Franchise Agreement,
without interest.

        10.    Assignment. Franchisee represents and warrants to Great Clips that it intends to
develop, manage, and operate the salons developed in accordance with this Agreement for its own
benefit and not for the purpose of or with a view toward resale or redistribution of the salons.



GREAT CLIPS®                                    5 of 8                                     EXHIBIT H
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT                                         MASTER DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT
