Salon X Store Terms and Conditions

License Agreements
By making purchases through Foundation Technologies, LLC (the “Foundation”), you agree
that you are authorizing Foundation to, as required, create Apple ID’s on your behalf, and
accept Apple’s iTunes End User License Agreement. For the latest version of the iTunes End
User License Agreement, visit: http://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/ww/.

Foundation may also agree to other End User License Agreements as required for other third
party applications. These applications include, but are not limited to versions of Styleware iPad,
Vantage, OnPoint, or other applications specifically distributed through Great Clips, Inc.’s
Volume Purchase Program (“VPP”) as further described below. Franchisee is bound to these
terms and conditions as set forth by the application developer, and Foundation and Great
Clips, Inc. have no responsibility for franchisee actions with regards to iPads, or other devices
on the network of a salon.

Manufacturer Warranty
Unless otherwise declared, all hardware is warrantied by its manufacturer, not by Foundation or
Great Clips, Inc.
For Apple’s iPad warranty information: http://www.apple.com/legal/warranty/products/ipad-
english.html

Pricing
Pricing may change due to taxes, tariffs, or other market events outside of Foundation’s
control. All sales are final, and no returns are available. All prices listed are in $USD (United
States Dollar).

Privacy
Foundation’s Privacy Policy can be located here.

Renewals
Any subscriptions are also automatically renewed after the term expires. You can view your
subscriptions, and billing information, at any time by visiting the My Account section.

Transfers
Any transfer of ownership of equipment may incur an administrative fee.

U.S. Sales and Use Tax
Foundation charges tax for purchases delivered to Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado,
Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, Nebraska, New


                 greatclips@fndtn.com :: 612.928.2336 :: salonxstore.greatclips.com
