communicated and updated through periodic memos, publications, manuals, Online Resources, or
other online communications. In the event a Franchisee fails to successfully complete the training
program, Franchisee will not be permitted to open or operate the Salon. All new Designated
Operators must complete all current training requirements within 180 days of signing this
Agreement. Great Clips reserves the right to require Franchisee or any of Franchisee’s
shareholders to re-attend any training sessions.

        6.3    Great Clips Academy. Great Clips will provide a training program for Franchisee
and Franchisee's key personnel (e.g., stylists). The Great Clips Academy training is mandatory
for Franchisee and Franchisee’s managers and other personnel responsible (e.g., stylists) for
delivering the GREAT CLIPS® brand promise to customers and must be successfully completed
within the time frame established by Great Clips.

        6.4    LEADS (Leading Excellence and Developing Staff). Great Clips will provide a
training program for Franchisee and Franchisee’s management staff geared toward ensuring
appropriate delivery of the GREAT CLIPS® brand promise within the Salon. LEADS is mandatory
and must be successfully completed within the time frame established by Great Clips.

         6.5    In-Salon Training. As part of the QuickConnect Franchisee Training, Franchisee
is required to complete In-Salon Training in order to become familiar with day-to-day salon
activities and with the operation of the iPad, computer or salon technology system, including the
point-of-sale system. This training will include participation in salon opening and closing
procedures, and running daily reports. Franchisee must successfully complete all requirements of
In-Salon Training as required by Great Clips.

        6.6     Additional Training for Managers and Key Personnel. Additional or
subsequent managers and other key personnel with brand-delivery responsibilities (e.g., stylists)
who are hired by Franchisee (who have not already successfully completed all required training)
who commence required training after the Salon has been in operation must successfully complete
the training program within the time frame established by Great Clips.

        6.7     Payment of Wages and Expenses. Franchisee will pay any applicable wages,
fringe benefits, payroll taxes, unemployment compensation, workers’ compensation, insurance,
lodging, food, travel costs and all other expenses for Franchisee, Franchisee’s managers, and all
other key personnel sent to training programs by Franchisee. Franchisee will comply with all
applicable laws pertaining to all employees, including but not limited to those who attend Great
Clips’ training programs.

       6.8     Successful Completion of Training. In the event Franchisee or its managers fail
to successfully complete the required training programs, he or she will not be permitted to operate
or manage the Salon. Franchisee’s Designated Operators must complete all current training
requirements within 180 days of signing this Agreement (or in the event of a change in the
Designated Operator, any new Designated Operator will need to complete training within 180 days
of becoming the Designated Operator). Great Clips, in its sole determination, will decide whether


Great Clips, Inc.
Franchise Agreement - 2025
                                                10
