terminal. All Ingenico Lane/5000 payment terminals purchased through The Foundation include
the Lane/5000 Warranty and Support Program, which requires franchisees to pay a fee for
continued warranty and support on a monthly basis. Fees for this program as well as the term
covered by the fee, are subject to change. Effective June 2026, the Ingenico Lane/5000 payment
terminal will no longer be supported by the manufacturer. To replace the Ingenico Lane/5000,
Great Clips anticipates that the Verifone P630 payment terminal will be the required payment
terminal for use at all GREAT CLIPS® salons by June 2026. Great Clips may require you to
purchase or rent the Verifone P630 payment terminal sooner and anticipates that, beginning in or
around July 2025, the Verifone P630 will be the required payment terminal for any new salons.
You may be required to pay for replacement costs for a new payment terminal if the required
payment terminal, as designated by Great Clips, changes after you open the salon.

You must, at your sole cost and expense, maintain in full force and effect during the term of your
Franchise Agreement, the minimum types and amounts of insurance coverage designated by Great
Clips from time to time, including all insurance required by your lease and applicable state or
federal law. As of the date of this Disclosure Document, Franchisee must acquire and maintain
the following minimum types and amounts of insurance coverage: (a) general liability coverage,
including personal and advertising injury liability coverage in a minimum amount of at least
$1,000,000 per occurrence, $2,000,000 general aggregate, or such greater limits as Great Clips
may reasonably prescribe; (b) “All Risk” or special property coverage of not less than the current
replacement cost of the glass, equipment, fixtures and leasehold improvements at the Authorized
Location sufficient in an amount to restore the Salon promptly to full operations; and (c) workers
compensation coverage as required by applicable state law.

In addition to the required insurance coverages noted above and any additional insurance coverage
that Franchisee deems appropriate for its business, Great Clips currently recommends that
Franchisee acquire and maintain the following additional types of insurance coverage: (a)
professional liability coverage, (b) hired and non-owned auto liability coverage and/or owned auto
coverage (as applicable), (c) umbrella liability coverage, (d) business income and extra expense
coverage of at least 12 months’ income replacement, (e) employers liability coverage, (f)
employment practices liability coverage, and (g) cyber liability and data privacy coverage.

All insurance policies obtained by Franchisee must: (a) name Great Clips, Inc. as an additional
insured; (b) be on a primary and non-contributory basis, (c) waive any right to assert a claim back
against Great Clips, Inc.; and (d) undertake to notify Great Clips 30 days in advance of any
cancellation or material change in the policy. On an annual basis and upon Great Clips’ request,
Franchisee must provide Great Clips with certificates of coverage, insurance policy endorsements,
or other proof of insurance that Great Clips requires evidencing that Franchisee has obtained and
is maintaining in force all required insurance policies. If Franchisee fails to provide the certificates
of coverage, endorsements or other proof of insurance, Great Clips (in addition to all other rights
and remedies) may purchase such insurance in the name and on behalf of Franchisee, and
Franchisee must immediately reimburse Great Clips’ expenses and premiums paid to obtain such
insurance. Great Clips may engage a third-party vendor to compile and maintain records of the
certificates of coverage, endorsements or other proof of insurance.



                                                  25
GREAT CLIPS®
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025 – v.2
