    2.26      “Non-Qualified” or “Non-Qualifying” means a Transaction that did not meet the Card Schemes’ Authorization
              and/or settlement requirements and is not eligible for the best rate possible. Some of these Transactions may
              be prevented while other Non-Qualified Card type Transactions are assessed higher rates than preferred rates
              by the Card Schemes and may not be prevented.

2.27       “Outbound Telemarketing Transaction” means a Transaction in which a sale of Products results from a
           Merchant initiated contact with a Cardholder via a telephone call, or a mailing (other than a catalog) that instructs the
           Cardholder to call the Merchant.

2.28       “Pass Through” means charging the Merchant the precise amount of monies designated as interchange, costs,
           dues, assessments and fees as per the Card Schemes. Pass Through means no mark-ups are taken by the
           payment processor or any other party when interchange, dues, fees, costs and assessments are collected from
           the Merchant.

2.29       “Payment Facilitator (PF)” is a Merchant of record who facilitates transactions on behalf of a sub-merchant whose
           volume is less than USD 1,000,000 in MasterCard and Maestro volume combined.

2.30       “Payment Service Provider (PSP)” is an entity contracting with a Visa, Discover or American Express member to
           provide payment services to sponsored merchants. The new term PSP replaces the old terminology IPSP which
           now includes all commerce type aggregation, including face-to-face in addition to ecommerce merchant
           aggregation.

2.31       “PCI DSS” means the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard, the technical and operational requirements
           of each of the data security compliance programs of the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council (“PCI
           SSC”) to protect Cardholder data.

2.32       “Products” means all goods and services that are sold or provided by Merchant.

2.33       “Recipient” means a recipient of benefit of an EBT Program (as defined in Section 5.14.1).

2.34       “Reserve Account” means a non-interest bearing account established by HPS based upon Merchant's processing
           history and anticipated risk of loss to HPS.

2.35       “Rules” means the operating rules and regulations, requirements, and terms and conditions of the Card Schemes
           or Debit Networks presently in effect and as they may be amended from time to time.

2.36       “Sales Draft” means the paper form, whether electronically or manually imprinted (solely to the extent expressly
           permitted by the Rules), evidencing a Transaction.

2.37          “Service Providers (SP)” means non-members that are registered by MasterCard International Incorporated
           as Service Providers to provide processing services to a member, including any member that is registered by
           MasterCard International Incorporated as a SP to provide Third Party Processor (TPP) Program Services to
           another member.

2.38       “Sub-merchant” is a customer conducting business through a third party relationship acting as a Payment
           Facilitator (PF) or Payment Service Provider (PSP).

2.39       “Third Party Agent (TPA)” means entities that have been engaged by a Merchant or a member to perform
           contracted services on behalf of that Merchant or member, including value added resellers (VARs) and payment
           gateway providers.

    2.40      “Transaction” means any retail sale of Products, or credit therefor, from a Merchant for which the customer
              attempts to make payment using any Card presented to HPS for payment.

    2.41      “Transaction Data” means any information or data collected, recorded, generated or otherwise created or
              obtained by HPS in relation to the provision of Card services to Merchant hereunder, including without limitation,
              Cardholder data.

    2.42      “Virtual Terminal” means a credit Card processing equipment on a secure server on the Internet whereby
              Merchant can key enter credit Card Transactions manually.

A Global Payments Company                                        4 | Page                                       Revised: 11/01/24
© 2024 Heartland Payment Systems, LLC. All rights reserved.                                        Merchant Processing Agreement
