        11.6 Local Co-op. Franchisee is required to join and continuously participate in the
local GREAT CLIPS® cooperative organization (“Co-op”) authorized or designated by Great Clips
for the purpose of communication with Great Clips, collaborating with other franchisees, and
developing, initiating and executing programs for the mutual benefit of the total membership of
the Co-op. Franchisee will attend local Co-op meetings and participate in market-wide programs
as required by the Co-op. Franchisee will pay all dues, assessments or contributions, and will
comply with all obligations of the Co-op members as determined by the Co-op.

        11.7 Participation in Marketing Programs. Except as prohibited or limited by law,
Franchisee will fully participate in all promotional campaigns, contests, special offers, customer
loyalty program, or other programs, whether international, national, regional, or local in nature
(including the introduction of new services or products, or new franchisees or other marketing
programs directed or approved by Great Clips), which are prescribed from time to time by Great
Clips. Franchisee will be responsible for the costs of such participation. In addition, Franchisee
will honor any coupons, gift certificates or other authorized promotional offers at Franchisee’s
expense. From time to time, a promotion may not directly benefit all franchisees in the system.

          12.       FINANCIAL STANDARDS AND REPORTS

        12.1 Records and Reports. Franchisee must maintain and furnish to Great Clips upon
request all data and reports, whether stored electronically in Franchisee’s computer system or by
a third-party data warehousing service. Franchisee will furnish to Great Clips all Salon Data,
information, books and records relating to the Salon as Great Clips periodically may require, on
forms designated by Great Clips, including Franchisee's (and, if requested, those of the Designated
Operator[s]) sales and use tax returns, monthly, quarterly, and annual financial statements, sales
reports, check registers, purchase records and business plans. Franchisee will furnish the annual
financial statements to Great Clips within 60 days after Franchisee’s fiscal year end. All sales will
be recorded in a manner prescribed by Great Clips. All records will be made available to Great
Clips for at least two years following the end of Franchisee’s fiscal year to which they pertain.
Franchisee will keep all such records where they are readily available to Great Clips and will
permit Great Clips to inspect, copy, and audit them at any time.

        12.2 Financial Management. Franchisee will make available sufficient working
capital to permit operation of the Salon in compliance with this Agreement. Franchisee will pay
all debts, taxes and assessments related to the Salon. Franchisee will discharge any encumbrance
against the Salon (except those incurred in connection with Franchisee's long-term financing of
the Salon) within 30 days of its creation.

        12.3 Right to Conduct Audit or Review. Great Clips or its authorized representative
will have the right to conduct an audit or review of Franchisee’s (and, if requested, those of the
Designated Operator[s]) books and records. If such an audit or review reveals a misstatement of
5% or greater in any data reported by Franchisee, or an underpayment of 2% or more of any fees
due to Great Clips or of the Continuing Advertising Contribution, Franchisee will, in addition to
other remedies, promptly reimburse Great Clips’ cost of conducting the audit or review, including
reasonable professional fees. Franchisee will pay additional amounts found due within 10 days

Great Clips, Inc.
Franchise Agreement - 2025
                                                 22
