                             ADDENDUM TO GREAT CLIPS, INC.
                            FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
                              FOR THE STATE OF MARYLAND


       Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Great Clips, Inc. Disclosure
Document, the following provisions shall supersede and apply to all GREAT CLIPS® salon franchises
offered and sold in the state of Maryland:
       The item number corresponds to the Item in the main body of the disclosure document.

Item 17

Any claims under the Maryland Franchise and Disclosure law may be brought in the State of Maryland.

You may sue in Maryland for any claims under the Maryland Franchise and Disclosure law.

Any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law must be brought
within 3 years after the grant of the franchise.

The general release required as a condition of renewal, sale, and/or assignment/transfer shall not apply
to any liability under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.

The Franchise Agreement provides that disputes are resolved through arbitration. A Maryland
franchise regulation states that it is an unfair or deceptive practice to require a franchisee to waive its
right to file a lawsuit in Maryland claiming a violation of the Maryland Franchise Registration and
Disclosure Law. In light of the Federal Arbitration Act, there is some dispute as to whether this forum
selection requirement is legally enforceable.

The Franchise Agreement provides for termination if you are insolvent under any applicable state or
federal law. This provision may not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C.A. Section
101 et seq.).

No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by any franchisee in connection
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance
on any statement made by the Franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the
Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with
the franchise.
