                            ADDENDUM TO GREAT CLIPS, INC.
                           FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
                             FOR THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA

       Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Great Clips, Inc. Disclosure
Document, the following provisions shall supersede and apply to all GREAT CLIPS® salon
franchises offered and sold in the state of California:

        The registration of this franchise offering by the California Department of Financial
 Protection and Innovation does not constitute approval, recommendation, or endorsement
 by the commissioner.

         Item 2

        Neither the franchisor nor any person described in Item 2 of the FDD is subject to any
currently effective order of any national securities association or national securities exchange, as
defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 15 U.S.C. 78a et seq. suspending or expelling such
persons from membership in such association or exchange.

         Item 17

       The Franchise Agreement requires application of the laws and forum of Minnesota. This
provision may not be enforceable under California law.

        California Business and Professional Code Sections 20000 through 20043 provide rights to
the franchisee concerning termination, transfer or non-renewal of a franchise. If the Franchise
Agreement contains a provision that is inconsistent with the law, the law will control.

        The Franchise Agreement provides for termination upon bankruptcy. This provision may
not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C.A. Sec. 101 et seq.).

       The Franchise Agreement contains a covenant not to compete which extends beyond the
termination of the franchise. This provision may not be enforceable under California law.

         The Franchise Agreement requires binding arbitration. The arbitration will occur at
Minneapolis, Minnesota. The non-prevailing party will pay all costs and expenses, including
reasonable attorneys’ fees, incurred by the prevailing party in any arbitration. Prospective
franchisees are encouraged to consult private legal counsel to determine the applicability of
California and federal laws (such as Business and Professions Code Section 20040.5, Code of Civil
Procedure Section 1281, and the Federal Arbitration Act) to any provisions of an agreement
restricting venue to a forum outside the State of California.

        Before the franchisor can ask you to materially modify your existing franchise agreement,
Section 31125 of the California Corporations Code requires the franchisor to file a material
modification application with the Department that includes a disclosure document showing the
existing terms and the proposed new terms of your franchise agreement. Once the application is
registered, the franchisor must provide you with that disclosure document with an explanation that
the changes are voluntary.
