INsite+. Co-ops are not currently required by Great Clips to prepare any kind of periodic
accounting. Great Clips has the right to require Co-ops to be formed, changed, dissolved, or
merged, and may change the way in which they operate. The Co-op is separate from and has no
relationship to the Ad Fund or the MDAF.

Salon Technology Systems and Software

Software License
You must obtain a license to use a suite of computer software from Great Clips’ designated POS
software supplier, which is currently Innovative Computer Software (“ICS”). The computer
software license covers a Styleware™ Software Suite of products including, Styleware™ iPad®,
Net Check-In™, Styleware™ Vantage, and Salondata.com as described below and in Exhibit I.
You will pay a monthly fee which is currently $250.00 for each salon and is subject to change.
The current fee covers licensing, past and future research and development, updates, upgrades,
documentation, and installation guides, as well as toll-free software support seven days a week
during normal business hours. You will be required to pay the monthly fee electronically via an
automatic bank withdrawal. You will be charged a fee of $25.00 per phone call for telephone
support that you seek after normal business hours. (See Exhibit I for the definition of normal
business hours). A sample of the ICS Styleware™ Software Suite Agreement is included as
Exhibit I. Franchisees are required to activate and honor any customer-facing technology that
Great Clips may develop now or in the future.

Styleware™ iPad®
Styleware iPad is an iPad-based salon management software developed by ICS for use by the
GREAT CLIPS® System to operate GREAT CLIPS® salons. The Styleware iPad software
program allows franchisees to track various productivity and business metrics.

Net Check-In™
Net Check-In is a software product (commonly referred to as “Online Check-In”) customized for
use by the GREAT CLIPS® System that provides customers with an Internet- or application-based
method for accessing estimated wait times of salons and allows for checking in to a GREAT
CLIPS® salon remotely and in real-time. Franchisees are required to activate and honor any
customer-facing technology including Online Check-In or any other programs that Great Clips
develops in the future.

Styleware™ Vantage
Styleware Vantage is an iOS-based salon management application that provides franchisees with
real time data such as wait times, sales, and customer counts for their salons.

Salondata.com
Salondata.com is an online reporting tool to provide franchisees with access to transactional and
summary level data on salon operations.

Software Requirements
The current software requirement to run these programs on Styleware iPad is the latest Great Clips
approved version of Apple iPad OS. You must maintain internet access at the minimum speed

                                               34
GREAT CLIPS®
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025 – v.2
