franchisee in one of their salons, or you may work alongside your own salon manager if you
purchase an existing salon. If you have a General Manager, it is strongly recommended that they
also complete this training. There is no fee charged to attend any part of the QuickConnect
Training Program, but you are responsible for your own and your attendees’ travel and expenses
necessary to attend training. All new franchisee Designated Operators must complete the
QuickConnect Training Program within 180 days from signing your first Franchise Agreement.
You must attend and complete all QuickConnect Training Program requirements described in the
Operations Manual to Great Clips' satisfaction.

2)      The Great Clips Academy Training. Great Clips Academy is a blend of online and live
virtual (via a virtual meeting platform) brand delivery skill development. You, your management
staff, and other key personnel (e.g., stylists) must attend and complete all Great Clips Academy
training requirements described in the Operations Manual. This training is designed to introduce
your management staff and key brand-delivery personnel (e.g., stylists) to the GREAT CLIPS®
brand and its System Standards. Each instructor, with the exception of new hires, has a minimum
of one year of experience as a trainer in the GREAT CLIPS® System. It is mandatory for all
management staff and other key personnel to complete the Great Clips Academy training within
30 days of their hire date. All of your salon employees must complete the Great Clips Academy
training to ensure a consistent customer experience and protect the GREAT CLIPS® brand. You
are solely responsible for paying all wages and benefits while your employees attend Great Clips
Academy and for ensuring that all your stylists are licensed by the state's Cosmetology Board or
equivalent official licensing entity.

3)      LEADS (Leading Excellence and Developing Staff) for Management Staff. LEADS is
offered as a blended program comprised of online courses and live virtual sessions on a virtual
meeting platform. To protect the GREAT CLIPS® brand and System, all Designated Operators
and management staff must complete this training according to current training requirements
described in the Operations Manual. LEADS training is designed to help your management staff
develop the knowledge and skills they need to understand the importance of delivering the brand
promise consistently to customers, to understand basic salon financial information and to follow
Great Clips’ System Standards. LEADS will also provide some best practice tools and strategies
that managers may use to build a team and provide GREAT CLIPS® brand onboarding tips. Each
LEADS instructor, with the exception of new hires, has a minimum of one year of experience as a
trainer in the GREAT CLIPS® System. Currently, it is mandatory for all managers to complete
LEADS within 90 days of hire or promotion. You are solely responsible for paying all wages and
benefits while you and your employees attend LEADS.

4)      In-Salon Training. You are required to complete In-Salon Training in order to become
familiar with day-to-day salon activities and with the operation of the point-of-sale system. In-
salon training is typically completed in your market with the assistance of an existing franchisee
in one of their salons, or you may work alongside your own salon manager if you purchase an
existing salon. This training will include participation in salon opening and closing procedures
and running daily reports. You must successfully complete all requirements of In-Salon Training
described in the Operations Manual.



                                               40
GREAT CLIPS®
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025 – v.2
