a training program has been successfully completed. Great Clips reserves the right to require any
attendee to re-attend any training session.

          7.        OPERATIONS SUPPORT

        7.1     Opening Advisory Services. Great Clips will advise Franchisee, and otherwise
offer suggested best practices, on site selection, salon layout, construction, obtaining licenses or
permits, proper display of the Marks, procurement of equipment, fixtures and initial inventories,
and recruiting technology.

       7.2    Continuing Services. To protect and maintain the distinction, valuable goodwill
and uniformity represented by the Marks and System, Great Clips will:

          (a)       prescribe uniform standards of quality and service from time to time;
          (b)       provide Franchisee with access to the Online Resources which includes GREAT
                    CLIPS® University and INsite+;
          (c)       provide Franchisee with the Operations Manual, and various other manuals which
                    may be available only through the Online Resources, or other online
                    communications; provide counseling and information on advertising and
                    promotional matters, training and development procedures, and other elements of
                    the GREAT CLIPS® System, through Great Clips directives, email
                    communications, meetings and seminars, telephone and on-site visits; and
          (d)       provide Franchisee access to such purchasing programs as Great Clips may
                    establish periodically for salon fixtures, furnishings, equipment, computers,
                    signage, inventory and supplies, subject to Franchisee's compliance with credit
                    terms and qualification requirements established periodically by Great Clips.

        7.3    Additional Assistance for Franchisees. Great Clips will conduct Convention,
Zone Meetings, Institute, GM to Leader and various other meetings and continuing development
programs for the benefit of Franchisee, its General Managers, and managers at such times and at
such locations as Great Clips deems appropriate. All such training and development programs
focus on growing, elevating and protecting the GREAT CLIPS® brand. Franchisee, its General
Managers, and managers are expected to attend all such meetings conducted by Great Clips during
the term of this Agreement. All expenses, including registration fees, incurred by Franchisee or
any employees in traveling to and attending such meetings will be paid by Franchisee.

        7.4     Evaluations. For the purpose of making periodic evaluations to ascertain if the
 provisions of this Agreement are being observed by Franchisee, including specifically those
 provisions related to proper brand delivery, Great Clips or its authorized representative have the
 right to enter the Salon, announced or unannounced, at all reasonable times to: observe the
 operation of the Salon; inspect and evaluate Franchisee’s services and products; inspect and
 evaluate the facility, fixtures and equipment; formally document and take photographs and videos
 of the interior and exterior of the Salon. Franchisee must provide Great Clips or its authorized
 representative with access to all information, books, records, operational data, the POS system or
 any salon technology systems, Salon reports and customer information relating to the Salon as

Great Clips, Inc.
Franchise Agreement - 2025
                                                   11
