              Merchant hereby agrees that claims applicable to American Express may be resolved through arbitration as
              further described in the American Express Merchant Requirements Guide (the “American Express Guide”).

    17.2      Choice of Forum: A court, not the arbitrator, will decide any questions regarding the validity, scope and/or
              enforceability of Section 17.1. Any litigated action (as opposed to an arbitration) regarding, relating to or
              involving the validity, scope and/or enforceability of Section 17.1, or otherwise, shall be brought in either the
              courts of the State of Georgia sitting in Muscogee County or the United States District Court for the Northern
              District of Georgia, and Merchant and guarantor (if applicable) expressly agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of
              such courts. Merchant and guarantor (if applicable) hereby agree and consent to the personal jurisdiction and
              venue of such courts, and expressly waive any objection that Merchant or guarantor might otherwise have to
              personal jurisdiction or venue in such courts.

    17.3      Class Action Waiver: MERCHANT AND GUARANTOR (IF APPLICABLE) ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE
              THAT ALL DISPUTES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE RESOLVED ON
              AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS WITHOUT RESORT TO ANY FORM OF CLASS ACTION AND SHALL NOT BE
              CONSOLIDATED WITH THE CLAIMS OF ANY OTHER PARTIES.
              MERCHANT AND GUARANTOR (IF APPLICABLE) FURTHER AGREE TO WAIVE, AND HEREBY WAIVE,
              THE RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION OR TO LITIGATE OR ARBITRATE ON A CLASS-WIDE
              BASIS.


18. Additional Services

18.1       Merchant may request additional systems and services (“Additional Services”) from HPS beyond those originally
           requested in the Application. In order to expedite the establishment of Additional Services, Merchant hereby
           authorizes HPS to take whatever measures necessary to promptly establish any Additional Service that Merchant
           might request in writing and to execute necessary authorization(s) on Merchant’s behalf on the warranty hereby
           given that Merchant’s signature on this Agreement shall be valid for all Additional Services. Delivery of any
           requested Additional Services shall be deemed to have occurred upon Merchant’s first use of any such Additional
           Services. Merchant acknowledges that all Additional Services shall be governed by this Agreement and the Rules.

18.2       In the event that Merchant elects to receive tokenization services, the following terms and conditions of this Section
           18 shall apply with respect thereto. HPS will tokenize each Cardholder primary account number (“PAN”) submitted
           to HPS by Merchant in connection with a Transaction. HPS’s tokenization of each PAN submitted to HPS by
           Merchant will occur after Authorization. Merchant hereby acknowledges that tokens may be assigned to a token
           group which may be shared among other HPS merchants.

              Merchant further acknowledges and agrees that all tokens provided or created in connection herewith remain
              the sole and exclusive property of HPS and cannot be transferred or removed from HPS and will not follow
              Merchant to any other provider without prior written approval from HPS, which approval may be approved or
              withheld by HPS in its sole discretion.


19. Additional Terms

19.1       Truth of Statements: Merchant represents to HPS that all information and all statements contained in the Merchant
           Application are true and complete and do not omit any information necessary to make such information and
           statements not misleading to HPS.

19.2       Personal Guarantees & Guarantor(s): Any individual(s) by execution of the application as guarantor, hereby
           unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to HPS the full and faithful performance or payment by Merchant of each
           and all of its duties and obligations herein set forth, including payment of all sums due and owing and any attorney’s
           fees and cost associated with the enforcement of terms hereof, whether prior or subsequent to termination or
           expiration of this Agreement. HPS shall not be required to proceed against Merchant or enforce any other remedy
           before proceeding against the guarantor(s). This is a continuing guaranty and shall not be discharged or affected
           by the sale or assignment of the merchant’s business or death of the guarantor(s) unless such release is in writing
           signed by an authorized HPS representative.
               It shall bind the heirs, administrators, representatives and assigns of the guarantor(s) and may be enforced by
               or for the benefit of any successor of HPS.


A Global Payments Company                                      24 | Page                                      Revised: 11/01/24
© 2024 Heartland Payment Systems, LLC. All rights reserved.                                      Merchant Processing Agreement
