Except as listed below, Great Clips is not required to provide you with any assistance.

Assistance before Opening

Before you open your business, Great Clips will:

1)      Authorize you to establish and operate a retail salon identified by the GREAT CLIPS ®
        service mark and employing the business format and System (Franchise Agreement -
        Section 1).

2)      Provide you with an approved salon design, and advise you or otherwise offer suggested
        best practices on site selection, salon layout, construction, obtaining licenses or permits,
        proper display of the Marks, and procurement of equipment, fixtures and initial inventories
        and recruiting technology. You must purchase equipment, furnishings, fixtures and signs
        for the salon from Great Clips or our designated suppliers, as described in Item 8, and these
        items must meet our specified standards. New franchisee “Designated Operators” must
        complete all current training requirements within 180 days of signing the Franchise
        Agreement or within 180 days of becoming a Designated Operator if the Franchise
        Agreement was previously signed (i.e. if your organization is making a Designated
        Operator change). (Franchise Agreement - Sections 6.8, 7.1, 8.3, 8.4 and 9.5).

3)      Provide you with advice regarding various marketing and public relations considerations,
        business planning, and assistance in conducting grand opening promotions and advertising
        and assist you in planning an initial local market advertising campaign. Under no
        circumstances does any assistance, consent, or approval by Great Clips constitute an
        assurance or guaranty that these services will result in any level of success of your business
        (Franchise Agreement - Sections 7.1, 11.1-11.3, and 11.5).

4)      Provide you with online access to the GREAT CLIPS® Online Resources, recruiting
        technology, the GREAT CLIPS® Operations Manual, and various other manuals and
        materials before or during your training (Franchise Agreement - Sections 7.1 and 10.6).

5)      Provide you and your staff with the training programs as described in this Item 11. You
        must pay your own travel and expenses associated with any such training (Franchise
        Agreement - Sections 6.1- 6.8).

Site Selection

Generally, you will lease the space for your Salon from a third party. Great Clips has occasionally
assigned leases or subleased space for GREAT CLIPS® salons that we have executed as lessee.
However, you are solely responsible for locating, obtaining and evaluating the suitability and
prospects of your Salon site. Great Clips may use exclusive real estate agents in connection with
real estate site searches. Great Clips requires you to use only our exclusive real estate agent when
pursuing sites that have been made available to franchisees through the Great Clips real estate
process. While it is rare that a franchisee would be required to pay the real estate commission on
the site for the Salon, this has occurred in certain circumstances. In this situation you will be

                                                 29
GREAT CLIPS®
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025 – v.2
