        15.5 Execution of Assignment. If the assignee is approved by Great Clips, the assignee
will execute and deliver to Great Clips the then-current standard form of GREAT CLIPS®
Franchise Agreement which may be materially different than this Agreement. The assignee and
each of the assignee’s shareholders must personally guaranty performance of the Franchise
Agreement on Great Clips’ form of Guaranty. Notwithstanding the execution by the assignee of
the then-current form of Franchise Agreement, the assignee will assume the balance remaining of
the term of this Agreement with the attendant renewal provisions. The assignee will not be
required to pay an Initial Franchise Fee (provided the Initial Franchise Fee is paid in full, if there
is a balance owed, it will need to be paid at the time of the assignment) for the then-current
Franchise Agreement, but assignee will be required to pay any MDAF amounts owed for any
assumed franchise agreements.

       15.6 Assignment Fee. Franchisee will pay an Assignment Fee of $1,500 per agreement
(subject to increase or decrease in proportion to annual changes in the Consumer Price Index – All
Urban Consumers, or its successor index, published by the U.S. Department of Labor), to Great
Clips. The Assignment Fee will be paid upon Franchisee’s request for consent to the proposed
assignment. If Great Clips declines its consent to a proposed assignment, Great Clips will refund
the Assignment Fee without interest, less its costs in connection with the proposed assignment.
       The Assignment Fee is otherwise non-refundable. No Assignment Fee is due if:

          (a)       the assignment is to Franchisee’s spouse or child; or
          (b)       the assignment is less than 25% and the assignment does not cause a change in the
                    Controlling Interest of Franchisee and is not part of a series of transactions that
                    amount to 25% or greater change or result in a change of the Controlling Interest
                    of Franchisee; or
          (c)       Great Clips exercises its right of first refusal; or
          (d)       The assignment is to a trust, provided that the terms of the trust comply with Great
                    Clips’ policies, including the “Transfer to Trust Policy,” which may be revised
                    from time to time.

       Although the Assignment Fee may be waived, Franchisee must comply with all other
requirements for assignment set forth in this Section 15.

        15.7 Assignment to Controlled Entity. Great Clips will consent to Franchisee’s
assignment of this Agreement to a corporation or other business entity whose shares are wholly-
owned and controlled by Franchisee provided that: (a) Franchisee provides a copy of Franchisee’s
Articles of Incorporation, partnership documents or a copy of the fully-executed legal documents
that reflect the formation of such entity, including evidence of distribution of ownership; (b)
Franchisee applies for Great Clips’ consent on Great Clips’ form; (c) Franchisee and each of
Franchisee’s owners must sign a personal Guaranty and agree to be bound by the provisions of the
Franchise Agreement; (d) Franchisee’s new corporate structure satisfies Great Clips’ standards
and qualifications for such transactions, as outlined in Great Clips’ then-current applicable
policies; and (e) Franchisee and each of Franchisee’s owners must sign a General Release in favor
of Great Clips. No private equity groups or other forms of investment vehicles (including, without

Great Clips, Inc.
Franchise Agreement - 2025
                                                     28
