Clips and agrees that, in the event of a dispute, Franchisee is limited to the recovery of actual
damages sustained by it.

         16.2 Power of the Arbitrator. The Arbitrator will be appointed within 60 days after a
written Demand for Arbitration has been made in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration
Rules and Regulations of the American Arbitration Association. The authority of the Arbitrator
will be limited to making a finding, judgment, decision and award relating to the interpretation of
or adherence to the written provisions of this Agreement, and other claims arising out of or related
to this Agreement or relationship of the parties. The Arbitrator will not have the authority or right
to add to, delete, amend, or modify in any manner, the terms, conditions and provisions of this
Agreement. All findings, judgments, decisions and awards of the Arbitrator will be limited to the
dispute set forth in the Demand for Arbitration, and the Arbitrator will not have the authority to
decide any other issues. The Arbitrator will have the power, right and authority to decide some or
all of the issues, claims and defenses presented in the arbitration through summary judgment,
summary disposition or dismissal proceedings without a full evidentiary hearing or witness
testimony as long as all parties are permitted to submit memoranda and affidavits and have oral
argument, either in person or by telephone, as to the issues, if the Arbitrator determines that oral
argument would assist in the decision making process. The Arbitrator will not have the right or
authority to award punitive or exemplary damages to either party. All findings, judgments,
decisions and awards by the Arbitrator will be in writing and will be made within 60 days after the
arbitration hearings have been completed, and will be final and binding on Great Clips and
Franchisee. The written decision of the Arbitrator will be deemed to be an order, judgment and
decree and may be entered as such in any court of competent jurisdiction by either party.

       16.3      Disputes Not Subject to Arbitration. The following disputes and controversies
between Great Clips and Franchisee will not be subject to arbitration: (a) any dispute involving
the Marks; (b) any dispute involving immediate termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section
17.1; and (c) any dispute involving enforcement of the covenants not to compete set forth in
Section 20 of this Agreement. Great Clips and Franchisee irrevocably waive any right they may
have to a jury trial to the fullest extent permitted by law.

         16.4 Other Proceedings. Notwithstanding Section 16.1, upon a breach or threatened
breach of this Agreement by Franchisee, Great Clips is entitled to injunctive relief in court
restraining such breach without bond and without regard to the adequacy of its legal remedies.
Interim equitable relief is available to Great Clips in addition to other remedies or rights Great
Clips may have. Great Clips is also entitled to proceed in a court of law in lieu of arbitration to
obtain a decree of specific performance requiring that each provision of this Agreement be
honored, carried out and enforced as written and to obtain a declaratory judgment or other
appropriate relief if there is a controversy over interpretation of this Agreement or the rights and
obligations of the parties. Notwithstanding Section 16.1, Great Clips may also proceed against
Franchisee in a court of law to collect sums of money due to Great Clips or to protect or enforce
its rights in or under the Marks.

      16.5 Venue and Jurisdiction. All arbitration hearings will take place exclusively in
Minneapolis, Minnesota. Any other legal proceeding involving any dispute between the parties

Great Clips, Inc.
Franchise Agreement - 2025
                                                 30
