promptly to any Foundation request for information or approvals that Foundation deems
appropriate to perform the Services.

TERM AND TERMINATION

   1.    Month-to-Month Term; Renewal. This Agreement will begin on the Effective date and
         will continue thereafter for a period of one month, unless sooner terminated as
         allowed by this Agreement. This Agreement will automatically renew for additional
         consecutive months unless either the Franchisee or the Foundation notifies the other
         party of termination in writing before the expiration of the then-current term (the
         “Term”).
   2.    Software Subscriptions and Licenses Renewed. Any licenses or subscriptions to
         software implemented by the Foundation on the Hardware will be automatically
         renewed during the Term. The Franchisee can view its subscriptions and licenses,
         and billing information, at any time by visiting the My Account section of the Salon X
         Store, located at https://salonxstore.greatclips.com.
   3.    Termination. This Agreement will automatically terminate without the requirement of
         any notice if Great Clips, Inc. terminates Franchisee’s right to participate in the Salon
         X Program or terminates the franchise agreement between the Franchisee and Great
         Clips, Inc. Foundation may terminate this Agreement upon prior written notice if
         Franchisee fails to pay Foundation Fees on a timely basis.
   4.    Effects of Termination or Expiration. Upon expiration or termination of this
         Agreement for any reason, Franchisee will: (i) allow the Foundation continued access
         to the Hardware to uninstall any software used in conjunction with the Hardware and
         managed or licensed by the Foundation; (ii) pay all outstanding Fees to the
         Foundation; and (iii) if Hardware is rented to Franchisee from the Foundation, return
         the Hardware to the Foundation within seven (7) days of Termination.
   5.    Survival. Any right or obligation of the parties in this Agreement which, by its nature,
         should survive termination or expiration of this Agreement, will survive any such
         termination or expiration of this Agreement.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

   1.    As part of the provision of the Services, the Foundation does not own any data
         related Franchisee and its clients (“Client Data”) and, except as authorized by (i) this
         Agreement, (ii) any other agreement between the Franchisee and the Foundation or
         Great Clips, Inc. or (iii) any agreement between the Franchisee and Great Clips, Inc.,
         the Foundation will not claim any ownership in or right to use the Client Data. The
         Franchisee is solely responsible for the development, content, use and storage of
         Client Data. Without limiting the generality of the preceding sentence, the
         Franchisee is solely responsible for compliance of Client Data with all applicable laws
         and regulations. We have no obligation to maintain, store or return any of Client
         Data.

               greatclips@fndtn.com :: 612.928.2336 :: salonxstore.greatclips.com
