(7)     You are required to conduct grand opening marketing for your Salon consistent with our
        Grand Opening Policy. Your required grand opening marketing investment for your first
        Salon will range from $20,000 to $25,000. The grand opening marketing investment for
        your subsequent salons will be consistent with the terms outlined in our Grand Opening
        Policy. This amount does not include the cost of your discounted price or additional
        staffing required to open your Salon. Signage restrictions and other local market
        requirements may increase your costs.

(8)     These amounts only include your initial premium for the required property and public
        liability insurance and are the estimated cost per year per salon. The cost of other
        coverages, including your discretionary purchases and workers’ compensation, varies too
        widely to be reasonably estimated.

(9)     If Great Clips has guaranteed your lease, you must pay a non-refundable lease liability fee
        of $1,500. You also must pay us a lease review fee in the amount of $2,200-$2,500, which
        amount covers the cost we incur for our attorney to review the lease.

(10)    This is an estimate only of the additional operating capital needed before you open your
        Salon for business and during the initial 3-6 months of operations. Great Clips cannot
        guarantee that you will not have additional expenses for starting the business. The estimate
        includes such items as initial payroll and payroll taxes (including payroll to cover the pre-
        opening training period for some of your Salon staff), professional fees, including
        accounting fees and computer fees, additional advertising, insurance, including health
        insurance and workers' compensation, rent, repairs and maintenance, bank charges,
        miscellaneous supplies and equipment, initial Salon staff recruiting expenses, state tax and
        license fees, depreciation/amortization, deposits and prepaid expenses (if applicable) and
        other miscellaneous items. The estimate of additional funds does not include an owner’s
        salary or draw. The expenses you incur during the initial start-up period will depend on
        factors such as local economic and market conditions, whether your Salon is located in a
        new market or a mature market, your experience and business acumen, competition, and
        the sales level you reach during this initial period. You should also provide for personal
        expenses during the start-up phase of your franchised Salon.

(11)    Great Clips has relied on its experience and data collected from some of its franchised
        salons to compile these estimates. Great Clips urges you to review these figures carefully
        with your own independent business advisor and attorney before making any decision to
        enter into a Franchise Agreement with Great Clips. Great Clips does not offer financing
        to franchisees either directly or indirectly in connection with their initial investment
        requirements. The availability and terms of financing obtained from third parties will
        depend upon such factors as the availability of financing generally, your creditworthiness,
        collateral which you may make available, policies of local lending institutions with respect
        to the type of business or with respect to the purpose for which the money will be used,
        and other such factors.

(12)    Your costs may vary if you purchase an existing salon.

                                                 20
GREAT CLIPS®
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025 – v.2
