          (c)       Franchisee’s failure to pay its obligations owing to suppliers, landlord, bank, other
                    creditors or any federal, state, and municipal government, including federal and
                    state taxes;
          (d)       Franchisee's understatement of Gross Sales;
          (e)       The offer or sale of any unauthorized services or products at the Salon; or
          (f)       Franchisee directly or indirectly through its owner(s) or any affiliate(s), fails to
                    abide by any post-termination obligations after the expiration or termination of any
                    other franchise agreement between Great Clips and Franchisee, or Great Clips and
                    one or more of Franchisee’s owner(s) or affiliate(s).

If this Agreement is terminated in accordance with this Section 17.3, the party who seeks to
terminate this Agreement must give the other party written notice stating the grounds relied upon
for termination. If the stated grounds for termination are for nonpayment of amounts due to Great
Clips or a third party, or the understatement of Gross Sales, Franchisee will have seven days after
the notice to cure the alleged breach unless a different cure period is required under applicable law
for such a breach. If applicable law does not specify a time period to cure an alleged breach, then
the party will have 30 days after the notice to cure the alleged breach. If the breach is not corrected
within the applicable cure period, the termination will then become effective upon expiration of
the cure period.

         17.4 Franchisee in Default. Prior to the termination of this Agreement, if Franchisee
fails to pay any amounts owed to Great Clips or fails to comply with any term of this Agreement,
then in addition to any right Great Clips may have to terminate this Agreement or to bring a claim
for damages, Great Clips will have the option (as to all salons and agreements covered by Section
17.3):

          (a)       to remove the listing of the Salon from all advertising published or approved by
                    Great Clips, including on the Internet;
          (b)       to prohibit Franchisee from attending any meetings or seminars held or sponsored
                    by Great Clips;
          (c)       to terminate access to any computer system or salon technology provided to
                    Franchisee by Great Clips;
          (d)       to suspend all services provided to Franchisee under this Agreement or otherwise,
                    including, but not limited to inspections, training, marketing assistance, and sale of
                    equipment, products and supplies;
          (e)       to prohibit Franchisee from expanding its GREAT CLIPS® business by opening or
                    operating additional GREAT CLIPS® salons; and
          (f)       to take possession and assume management of the Salon.

Great Clips’ actions, as outlined in this Section, may continue until Franchisee has brought its
account current, cured any default, and complied with Great Clips’ requirements. The taking of
any of the actions permitted in this Section will not suspend or release Franchisee from any
obligation that would otherwise be owed to Great Clips under the terms of this Agreement or
otherwise.


Great Clips, Inc.
Franchise Agreement - 2025
                                                     33
