this Agreement is continued as provided for in this Section. The Interim Period does not create
any new franchise rights and upon expiration of the final Interim Period, provided Franchisee does
not renew the rights licensed in this Agreement as specified in Section 3.3. below, Franchisee will
be bound by all post-term obligations as provided in this Agreement and the expiration of the final
Interim Period shall be considered a nonrenewal of this Agreement and not a termination.

        3.3     Conditions to Renewal. Upon the expiration of this Agreement, if Great Clips
agrees to allow renewal of this Agreement or if any offer of renewal is required by applicable law
and cannot be waived by agreement of the parties, Franchisee must satisfy each of the following
conditions to renew the license granted to Franchisee:

          (a)       Franchisee must give Great Clips written notice of renewal not less than 90 days,
                    nor more than 180 days, before the expiration of the term;
          (b)       Franchisee must be in compliance with this Agreement and all other GREAT
                    CLIPS® Franchise Agreements, and must be in compliance with Great Clips’
                    policies for all GREAT CLIPS® salons on the date of the notice of renewal and at
                    the expiration of the term, including the then-current version of the Compliance
                    Policy;
          (c)       Franchisee must perform, at Franchisee's expense, such renovation to and
                    replacement of building, premises, leasehold improvements, equipment, fixtures
                    and signage as Great Clips reasonably requires so that the Salon conforms with
                    then-current System standards;
          (d)       Franchisee will pay the then-current renewal fee, which currently is $1,750 and
                    may be adjusted annually in proportion to changes in the Consumer Price Index –
                    All Urban Consumers, or its successor index, published by the U.S. Department of
                    Labor;
          (e)       at Great Clips’ determination, Franchisee must re-attend and successfully complete
                    the training program at Franchisee's expense; and
          (f)       Franchisee and each of Franchisee’s shareholders must sign a General Release and
                    the then-current GREAT CLIPS® Franchise Agreement prior to the date that the
                    term of this Agreement expires. Franchisee will be required to pay the Continuing
                    Franchise Fee and the Continuing Advertising Fund Contribution, but not the Initial
                    Franchise Fee, required by the then-current Franchise Agreement. The then-current
                    Franchise Agreement required to be executed by Franchisee at the time of renewal
                    may contain terms materially different from those contained in this Agreement.

          4.        TRADEMARK STANDARDS

        4.1   Name and Ownership. Franchisee acknowledges that Great Clips is the exclusive
owner of the GREAT CLIPS® mark and all of the other Marks and that Franchisee’s right to use
the Marks is derived solely from this Agreement and is limited to the operation of the Salon in
accordance with this Agreement. Franchisee's use of the Marks and any goodwill established
from Franchisee’s use inures exclusively to the benefit of Great Clips. Franchisee agrees to never
contest the ownership or registration of the Marks, and Great Clips’ exclusive ownership of the


Great Clips, Inc.
Franchise Agreement - 2025
                                                     4
