                             ADDENDUM TO GREAT CLIPS, INC.
                                FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
                              FOR THE STATE OF MINNESOTA

        The following information applies to franchisees subject to Minnesota statutes and
regulations. Notwithstanding anything in the Franchise Agreement to the contrary, the Franchise
Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

         1.     With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota law, Great Clips will comply
 with Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.14., Subds. 3, 4 and 5 which require, except in certain specified cases,
 that a franchisee be given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) and 180 days’
 notice for non-renewal of the franchise agreement.

         2.     Great Clips will defend its Minnesota franchisees against liability to third parties
 resulting from claims by third parties that the franchisees' use of the GREAT CLIPS® trademark
 infringes trademark rights of the third party. Great Clips does not indemnify franchisees against
 the consequences of franchisees' use of the GREAT CLIPS® trademark except in accordance with
 the requirements of the Franchise Agreement, and, as a condition to such defense, the franchisee
 must provide notice to Great Clips, Inc. within 10 days and tender the defense of the claim to Great
 Clips. If Great Clips accepts the tender of defense, it has the right to manage the defense of the
 claim including the right to compromise, settle or otherwise resolve the claim, and to determine
 whether to appeal a final determination of the claim.

        3.     The provisions of Section 16.4 of the Franchise Agreement relating to the posting
 of bond in connection with a preliminary injunction do not apply to Minnesota franchisees, except
 where specifically provided by law. It is understood that Great Clips may seek injunctive relief.

       4.     Great Clips cannot require franchisees to sign a release of claims under the
 Minnesota Franchise Act as a condition to renewal or assignment.

         5.     Great Clips is prohibited from requiring franchisees to assent to a release,
 assignment, novation or waiver that would relieve any person from liability imposed by Minnesota
 Statutes, Sections 80C.01 to 80C.22, provided that the foregoing shall not bar the voluntary
 settlement of disputes.

        6.      NSF checks are governed by Minnesota Statue 604.113, which puts a limit of $30
 on service charges.

         7.      No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee
 in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i)
 waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement,
 or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by the Franchisor, franchise seller, or other
 person acting on behalf of the Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any
 document executed in connection with the franchise.

                                  (Signatures on following page.)
