              refers or relates to any illegal or improper conduct of Merchant, its owner(s) or other entity under common
              ownership or control. Failure to give such notice shall be deemed to be a material breach of this Agreement.

4.34       Merchant must obtain final approval by HPS of Debit Network sponsorship prior to submitting any debit Transaction.

    4.35      Merchant shall not be assessed a Chargeback fee for the first three (3) Chargeback requests processed in any
              twelve-month period beginning with the Merchant’s anniversary date. Once three Chargeback requests have
              been submitted by the Card Scheme or a card issuer in any such twelve-month period, HPS shall bill all
              applicable Chargeback fees. For purposes of this Section 4.35, the anniversary date shall be the date of
              Merchant’s first deposit with HPS unless otherwise designated by HPS.

4.36       HPS shall have no liability for customer data that is lost or stolen from the Merchant’s POS system or equipment and
           Merchant shall indemnify HPS from any claim or loss arising out of or relating to such lost or stolen data.

4.37       Merchant shall ensure HPS has the correct business taxpayer ID (“TIN”) and legal name on file for Form 1099- K
           tax reporting purposes. Any Merchant reporting an invalid TIN and legal name combination is subject to a backup
           withholding amount as defined by IRS and state regulations.

4.38       Merchant shall at all times comply with the Rules, as well as all applicable federal, state and local rules and
           regulations.

4.39       Merchant, at its own expense, will have installed and will maintain the point-of-sale equipment, unless otherwise
           agreed to by the parties in writing. Each equipment type installed at a Location must be compatible with HPS’
           System and HPS has the right to test the equipment to assure compatibility. Merchant will submit each equipment
           type and all new core hardware, and any releases of modifications to the implementation software, to HPS for
           quality assurance testing at least thirty (30) days prior to the equipment, hardware or software’s first use at a
           Location; provided however, both parties acknowledge that the quality assurance test may take less than thirty
           (30) days and HPS will use commercially reasonable efforts to accomplish the testing as soon as practicable.
           Quality assurance testing is applicable to each implementation software release for each equipment type.

              If Merchant changes the method used to communicate with HPS’ System from one form of technology to
              another, e.g. dial to frame relay, once any necessary quality assurance testing has been completed, Merchant
              will arrange for, with the assistance of HPS, if necessary, the equipment to be connected to HPS and then
              tested to ensure that the new method of communication works properly, which test will be conducted in
              accordance with Merchant’s and HPS’ procedures and paid by each party, respectively. Once the new
              technology has been tested and approved, it will not be necessary for each Location that adopts the new
              technology to perform the testing referred to in this paragraph.

4.40       Merchant shall assume responsibility for managing the repair of problems associated with Merchant’s own
           telecommunications and processing system (both hardware and software), including terminals.

4.41       Special pricing through an agreement between HPS and a Merchant association shall apply to Merchant members
           in good standing of such Merchant association; any special pricing may be discontinued without notice.

    4.42      Merchant agrees to provide HPS such financial statements and other information concerning Merchant as HPS
              may reasonably request from time to time. Merchant agrees that HPS, or its duly authorized representative,
              may examine Merchant’s books and records related to its receipt of the services from HPS hereunder, including
              records of Transactions submitted hereunder.

    4.43      Merchant shall not engage in any services that require registration with the applicable Card Schemes as a
              Payment Service Provider (PSP) or Payment Facilitator (PF) without prior written approval from HPS. In the
              event Merchant is registered as a PSP/PF, Merchant agrees to promptly disclose to all Sub-merchants any new
              or increased Card Scheme related dues, assessments and fees, including but not limited to Convenience fees,
              in accordance to the contracted services performed by the Merchant. For the avoidance of doubt, all Service
              Providers, Third Party Agents, Payment Service Providers, and Payment Facilitators must comply with all Rules,
              including those found at the following websites (or their successor websites):
              • https://usa.visa.com/dam/VCOM/download/merchants/third-party-agent-due-diligence-risk-standards.pdf




A Global Payments Company                                      12 | Page                                    Revised: 11/01/24
© 2024 Heartland Payment Systems, LLC. All rights reserved.                                    Merchant Processing Agreement
