9.     RADIUS RESTRICTION.

In the event the Lease contains a restriction on the right of Tenant to operate another hair
salon within the proximity of the Premises, such clause shall be deleted from the lease.

10.    TENANT’S SIGNS.

Landlord approves the use by Tenant of the exterior storefront signage and the window LED
signage as set forth in Exhibit _____; provided that this signage shall be subject to governmental
regulations. Landlord also approves the periodic use by Tenant of professionally prepared banners
and cheater signs and a Grand Opening balloon and/or banner. In addition, Tenant may install
Tenant’s pylon signage on both sides of the Shopping Center pylon in a location determined by
Landlord.

11.    COMMON AREA CHARGES.

For purposes of this Lease, Tenant’s proportionate share of Common Area Charges and/or Real
Estate Taxes shall initially be ___________%. In no event shall Tenant's proportionate share of
these costs be greater than ___________ at anytime during the Term.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary included in the definition of Common Area Charges,
Tenant’s proportionate share of Common Area Charges shall not increase each calendar year by
more than 5% over the immediately preceding calendar year, excluding the costs of security, snow
removal, common area utilities and insurance.

 Common Area Charges shall not include any (i) capital expenditures which, in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, are not fully chargeable to current expense in the year in
which the expenditure is incurred, (ii) costs of utilities for other tenants in the Shopping Center,
(iii) principal or interest payments on loans secured by mortgages on the Shopping Center or any
part thereof; (iv) depreciation or amortization of any capital assets, (v) the cost of any special
service provided to a tenant of the Shopping Center which is not provided generally to the tenants
of the Shopping Center, (vi) the cost of remediating any Hazardous Materials present in, on or
under the Shopping Center, (vii) costs and expenses incurred in connection with leasing space in
the Shopping Center, including, but not limited to, leasing commissions, advertising and
promotional expenses, legal fees for preparation of leases, rents payable with respect to any leasing
office, court costs and legal fees incurred to enforce the obligations of other tenants under leases
of the Shopping Center, (viii) costs recoverable by Landlord pursuant to its insurance policies, (ix)
costs resulting from defects in design, construction or workmanship of the Shopping Center and
Landlord’s Work and the materials used in same, (x) costs due to Landlord’s default under this
Lease, (xi) costs due to the negligence of Landlord, its employees, agents, contractors and assigns
and (xii) costs of Shopping Center promotions or marketing.

Common Area Charges shall not include any management fees or administrative charges.

Tenant may audit, inspect and copy the books and records of Landlord with respect to any costs
or item which is passed through to Tenant upon 10 days advance, written notice by Tenant to
Landlord. Landlord must cooperate with Tenant in providing Tenant reasonable access to its books


GREAT CLIPS®                                    3 of 13                   EXHIBIT L - LEASE DOCUMENTS
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025                                                     LEASE ADDENDUM
