(a)    Franchisee may not sell, assign or transfer this Agreement or any interest in Franchisee, in
       whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Great Clips. Any purported sale,
       assignment or transfer will be void and subject Franchisee to termination under Section 8
       of this Agreement.

(b)    Franchisee may not sell, assign or transfer any ownership interest of Franchisee under any
       single Franchise Agreement within the Exclusive DMA, in whole or in part, without the
       prior written consent of Great Clips. Any purported sale, assignment or transfer will be
       void and subject Franchisee to termination under Section 8 of this Agreement.

     10.1 In Great Clips’ sole determination, we may consent to the assignment of this Master
Development Agreement to a new Franchisee (the “Assignee”) under the following conditions:

        (a)    Assignee must execute the then-current form of Master Development Agreement.
               The Assignee will assume the balance remaining of the term of this Agreement;
        (b)    The Assignee must assume Franchisee’s interest in each of the individual Franchise
               Agreements for all salons located in the Exclusive DMA and pay the applicable
               assignment fee for each;
        (c)    The Assignee shall not be required to pay the Development Fee for the then-current
               Master Development Agreement; however assignee will pay the Initial Franchise
               Fee (as defined under the then-current Master Development Agreement) for each
               Franchise Agreement subsequently executed by Assignee pursuant to the Master
               Development Agreement; and
        (d)    Assignee must be in compliance with all existing franchise agreements and Great
               Clips’ policies and procedures and be eligible for expansion under all Great Clips’
               policies.

      11.     Dispute Resolution.

     11.1      Arbitration. Except as specifically provided to the contrary in this Agreement, all
disputes concerning this Agreement or the business conducted hereunder, including allegations of
fraud, misrepresentation or violation of any state or federal law or regulation, shall be resolved by
the American Arbitration Association pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules and
Regulations. Either party may commence arbitration by filing a Demand for Arbitration with the
American Arbitration Association and serving the Demand for Arbitration on the opposing party.
A Demand for Arbitration must be filed within three years of the date when any cause of action
asserted in the Demand for Arbitration accrued, or such cause of action will be barred and must be
dismissed by the Arbitrator. For purposes of this Agreement, a cause of action will be deemed to
have accrued when the claimant knew or reasonably should have known of the facts on which the
cause of action is based.

     11.2   Power of the Arbitrator. The Arbitrator will be appointed within 60 days after a
written Demand for Arbitration has been made in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration
Rules and Regulations of the American Arbitration Association. The authority of the Arbitrator



GREAT CLIPS®                                   6 of 8                                     EXHIBIT H
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT                                        MASTER DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT
