from a supplier designated by Great Clips. Great Clips, in its sole determination, reserves the right
to change the services and products that you must carry and may change the designated supplier
or suppliers of those products. There is no fixed dollar amount of haircare products which you
must purchase for your Salon, although you must carry an adequate inventory of all required
haircare products, as specified by Great Clips.

The goods, services, fixtures, equipment and inventory which you must purchase from Great Clips
or suppliers designated by us currently account for approximately 90% to 95% of the purchases of
goods and services you make when establishing your Salon. The goods, services, fixtures,
equipment and inventory which you must purchase from Great Clips or suppliers designated by us
in the operation of your Salon on an ongoing basis will account for approximately 80% to 85% of
your purchases, will vary depending upon the circumstances, such as how often you upgrade your
Salon and what volume of GREAT CLIPS® exclusive brand and other haircare and paper goods
supplies your particular Salon may require.

Great Clips derives revenue in the amount of approximately 6% of all exclusive brand haircare
products sold by Salon Innovations, Inc. to GREAT CLIPS® franchisees. In the year ended
December 31, 2024, Great Clips' revenue from product royalties from these suppliers was
$598,165, or 0.3% of total revenues. Various suppliers also make donations and contributions
towards Great Clips' annual meetings and other Great Clips-sponsored events in the form of goods,
services and sponsorship or co-sponsorship. Great Clips or its affiliates may from time to time
make available for purchase by you GREAT CLIPS® signs, equipment, inventory, supplies,
advertising and sales promotion programs and materials, brochures, and other like supplies. Great
Clips does not guarantee the availability of independent sources of supply. Great Clips, or its
affiliates, expect to derive revenue and profit from sales of such items to its franchisees. Great
Clips and its affiliates reserve the right to receive promotional allowances and rebates,
commissions and other consideration from vendors in respect to services rendered or rights
licensed to such persons, or sales effected by such persons.

Great Clips does not currently provide any material benefits to franchisees based on a franchisee’s
use of designated or approved sources. Great Clips negotiates purchase agreements with its
suppliers that may result in cost-saving benefits to its franchisees. Great Clips may publish
periodically for the benefit of its franchisees a confidential list of authorized manufacturers or
sources of supply for most items required to establish and operate a GREAT CLIPS® Salon. These
are manufacturers and/or suppliers that Great Clips has determined are capable of manufacturing
goods or supplying services that consistently conform to standards and specifications.

Upon request, Great Clips will make available to its franchisees the criteria used for selecting,
modifying, or revoking suppliers. Franchisees, their owners, and affiliates may not be designated
as exclusive suppliers. Great Clips' suppliers do not currently pay any fees as a condition of their
approval or application for approval as a vendor to Great Clips. Suppliers are appointed by Great
Clips if their products or services meet our standards and specifications, their facilities are capable
of reliably serving the needs of our franchisees, and Great Clips is able to periodically monitor the
quality of production or supply and the facilities of the supplier, as determined by Great Clips.
You may make a written request for appointment of additional sources of supply for a given
product or service, which may be granted if doing so would not create an inordinate number of

                                                  23
GREAT CLIPS®
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025 – v.2
