   Act of 1934, suspending or expelling such person from membership in such association or
   exchange; or is subject to a currently effective injunctive or restrictive order relating to any
   other business activity as a result of an action brought by a public agency or department,
   including, without limitation, actions affecting a license as a real estate or sales agent.
3. The following is added to the end of Item 4:
   Neither the franchisor, its affiliate, its predecessor, officers or general partner, during the 10-
   year period immediately before the date of the Franchise Disclosure Document: (a) filed as a
   debtor (or had filed against it) a petition to start an action under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code; (b)
   obtained a discharge of its debts under the bankruptcy code; or (c) was a principal of a company
   or a general partner in a partnership that either filed as a debtor (or had filed against it) a petition
   to start an action under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or that obtained a discharge of its debts
   under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code during or within one year after that officer or general partner
   of the franchisor held this position in the company or partnership.
4. The following is added to the end of Item 5:
   The initial franchise fee constitutes part of our general operating funds and will be used in
   our sole discretion.
5. The following is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17(c), titled
   “Requirements for franchisee to renew or extend” and Item 17 (m) entitled “Conditions
   for franchisor approval of transfer”
   However, to the extent required by applicable law, all rights you enjoy and any causes of action
   arising in your favor from the provisions of Article 33 of the General Business Law of the State
   of New York and the regulations issued thereunder shall remain in force; it being the intent of
   this provision that the non-waiver provisions of General Business Law Sections 687.4 and
   687.5 be satisfied.

6. The following language replaces the “Summary” section of Item 17(d), titled “Termination by
   franchisee”:

   You may terminate this agreement on any grounds available by law.

7. The following is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17(j), titled “Assignment
   of contract by franchisor”:

   However, no assignment will be made except to an assignee who in good faith and judgement
   of the franchisor, is willing and financially able to assume the franchisor’s obligations under
   the Franchise Agreement.

8. The following is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(v), titled “Choice of
   forum” and Item 17(w), titled “Choice of Law”

   The foregoing choice of law should not be considered a waiver of any right conferred upon the
   franchisor or upon the franchisee by Article 33 of the General Business Law of the State of
   New York.
