In Section I and Table 1 below, Great Clips provides prospective franchisees with information
regarding 2024 average sales of a certain subset of franchised GREAT CLIPS® salons (defined
below as the “2024 Salons”). In addition, in Section II and Tables 2, 3 and 4 below, Great Clips
provides prospective franchisees with information regarding 2024 average sales, expenses and
cash flows of a certain smaller subset of franchised GREAT CLIPS® salons (defined below as the
“Reporting 2024 Salons”).

Written substantiation for the financial performance representation will be made available to the
prospective franchisee upon reasonable request, provided, however, that such substantiation shall
not disclose the sales, expenses or cash flows of any specific franchised salon without the written
authorization of the franchisee, except as required by any applicable state or federal registration
authorities.

The average sales data included in Table 1 below was obtained from reviewing Great Clips’
internal point of sale system (“POS System”), the system where franchisees input their salon sales
numbers. Where sales data was reported by franchisees to Great Clips in Canadian dollars, Great
Clips converted the reported Canadian dollars into the U.S. dollar equivalency by using a
conversion rate of 0.73. Neither Great Clips nor its independent certified public accountants have
independently audited or verified the financial information contained in the POS System.

The average sales, expenses, profits, cash flows and earnings data included in Tables 2 and 3 below
was obtained from financial statements submitted to Great Clips by certain of its franchisees. Most
franchisees use a cash versus accrual system for producing their financial statements, which may
produce slight differences between the actual date of occurrence of expenses and the date such
expenses are reported on the franchisee’s financial statements. Where sales, expenses, profits,
cash flows and earnings data was reported by franchisees to Great Clips in Canadian dollars, Great
Clips converted the reported Canadian dollars into the U.S. dollar equivalency by using a
conversion rate of 0.73. Neither Great Clips nor its independent certified public accountants have
independently audited or verified these franchisee statements.

All GREAT CLIPS® salons offer substantially the same services and products to the public. Sales,
expenses and cash flow results depend upon many independently variable factors including, but
by no means limited to, the location and visibility of the salon, local traffic patterns, the
demographic composition, age of the market and trends of the market area served by the salon, the
competitive environment, public awareness of and goodwill associated with the name GREAT
CLIPS®, the region and market area in which the salon is located, the length of time the salon has
been in operation, the quality of the management and service at the salon, labor costs, the
individual skills of the franchisee and other factors.

Many GREAT CLIPS® franchisees operate more than one salon. As of December 31, 2024, the
average number of salons per franchisee who has operated GREAT CLIPS® salons for over five
years is 8, and the median number of salons per franchisee who has operated GREAT CLIPS®
salons for over five years is 5.




                                                52
GREAT CLIPS®
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025 – v.2
