2.43      “Voice Authorization” means an Authorization obtained by a direct-dialed telephone call.


3. Data Security Requirements

    3.1      The PCI Security Standards Council (“PCI SSC”) was founded by American Express, Discover Financial
             Services, JCB, MasterCard Worldwide and Visa, Inc. All five founders agreed to incorporate the PCI DSS as
             the technical requirements of each of their data security compliance programs. The PCI SSC is responsible for
             the PIN Transaction Security Requirements for PIN-Entry Devices (“PED”).

             PCI DSS applies to HPS and any Merchant and Merchant Servicer that stores, processes or transmits
             Cardholder information. HPS acknowledges that it has an obligation to comply with PCI DSS for Cardholder
             information it possesses.

             For the avoidance of doubt, as between Merchant, HPS and the Member Sponsor Bank, Merchant shall be
             solely responsible for any unauthorized access to Cardholder information or Transaction Data while such
             Cardholder Information or Transaction Data resides on Merchant’s or its Third Party Agent’s systems or
             networks. Any such unauthorized access shall be considered an Event of Default.

             All eligible Merchants, regardless of size, must comply with these standards. The following are standards that,
             at a minimum, Merchant must comply with:
             (a) Install and maintain a firewall configuration to protect Cardholder data.
             (b) Do not use vendor-supplied defaults for system passwords and other security parameters.
             (c) Protect stored Cardholder data.
             (d) Encrypt transmission of Cardholder data across open, public networks.
             (e) Use and regularly update anti-virus software or programs.
             (f) Develop and maintain secure systems and applications.
             (g) Restrict access to Cardholder data by business need-to-know.
             (h) Assign a unique ID to each person with computer access.
             (i) Restrict physical access to Cardholder data.
             (j) Track and monitor all access to network resources and Cardholder data.
             (k) Regularly test security systems and processes.
             (l) Maintain a policy that addresses information security for all personnel.

             More information, including the complete PCI DSS specifications can be found at:
             https://www.pcisecuritystandards.org

             Each of the Card Schemes has requirements based on PCI DSS that define a standard of due care and
             enforcement for protecting sensitive information. Merchant must meet the compliance validation requirements
             defined by the Card Schemes available at:
             www.visa.com/cisp
             www.mastercard.com/sdp
             www.discovernetwork.com/fraudsecurity/disc.html
             www.americanexpress.com/datasecurity - For American Express Direct merchants only

             In cases where payment application software is used as a part of Authorization or settlement of Cardholder
             data, Merchant must use a compliant payment application or have current proof of PCI DSS compliance
             validation. The List of Validated Payment Applications may be found at:
             https://zh.pcisecuritystandards.org/assessors_and_solutions/payment_applications?agree=true

             In cases where PIN-based debit Transactions are processed, Merchant must use a compliant PIN Entry Device
             (“PED”). The List of PCI SSC Approved PIN Transaction Security Devices may be found at:
             https://listings.pcisecuritystandards.org/assessors_and_solutions/pin_transaction_devices?agree=true

             Transactions must comply with the Triple Data Encryption Standard (TDES) and any successor technologies
             or standards connected therewith.




A Global Payments Company                                     5 | Page                                    Revised: 11/01/24
© 2024 Heartland Payment Systems, LLC. All rights reserved.                                  Merchant Processing Agreement
