Franchisee is prohibited from incurring any debt, liability or other obligation on behalf of Great
Clips, and no fiduciary duties or relationship of special trust and confidence exist between the
parties.

        Any training, support, guidance or tools provided by Great Clips are for the purpose of
protecting the GREAT CLIPS® Marks and System and to assist Franchisee in the operation of the
Salon and not for the purpose of controlling or in any way intended to exercise or exert control
over Franchisee’s decisions or day-to-day operation of the Salon. Great Clips is not the employer
or joint employer of the Salon’s employees. Franchisee is solely responsible for managing and
operating the Salon and supervising the Salon’s employees.

        The parties acknowledge and agree that Great Clips and its affiliates’ course of business is
limited to offering and selling GREAT CLIPS® salon franchises and supporting GREAT CLIPS®
salon franchisees and the system, and does not involve the actual development and operation of
GREAT CLIPS® salons, which is the business Franchisee engages in under this Agreement.
Franchisee agrees to identify itself conspicuously in all dealings with customers, suppliers, public
officials, salon personnel, and others as the Salon’s owner, operator and manager under a franchise
that Great Clips has granted and to place notices of independent ownership at the Salon and on the
forms, business cards, stationery, advertising, emails and other materials we require from time to
time.

        22.6 Interpretation of Rights and Obligations. The following provisions apply to and
govern the interpretation of this Agreement, the parties’ rights under this Agreement, and the
relationship between the parties:

                   A.     Great Clips’ Rights. Whenever this Agreement provides that Great Clips
          has a certain right or has the ability to make a determination, that right or ability to make
          that determination is absolute and will not be subject to any limitation or review. Great
          Clips has the right to operate, administrate, develop and change the System in any manner
          that is not specifically precluded by the provisions of this Agreement, although this right
          does not modify express limitations set forth in this Agreement.

                  B.     Great Clips’ Reasonable Business Judgment. Great Clips will make
          decisions and take actions that are in the best interests of Great Clips, the GREAT CLIPS®
          brand, the GREAT CLIPS® business and the GREAT CLIPS® System. In doing so, Great
          Clips’ decisions and actions will be deemed to be the result of Reasonable Business
          Judgment even if other reasonable or even arguably preferable alternatives are available, if
          Great Clips’ decision is intended, in whole or in significant part, to promote the benefit of
          the System generally even if the decision or action also promotes Great Clips’ financial or
          other individual interest. Examples of items that will promote or benefit the System
          include, without limitation, enhancing the value of the Marks, improving customer service
          and satisfaction, improving quality of services and products, improving uniformity,
          enhancing or encouraging modernization and improving the competitive position of the
          System.


Great Clips, Inc.
Franchise Agreement - 2025
                                                   39
