responsibility to ensure that its employees receive adequate training to properly execute all Salon
Technology software and equipment used in the Salon.

        10.2 Customer-Facing Technology. Franchisee is required to activate and honor all
customer-facing technology that Great Clips may designate, which may change from time to time.
This includes the Great Clips App, GREAT CLIPS® Online Check-In service, the ReadyNext®
text program, and any other programs or services Great Clips designates in the future (collectively,
the “Customer-Facing Technology”). Great Clips has the sole right to enhance, modify or change
the platforms, software, hardware and/or processes related to any such Customer-Facing
Technology, and Franchisee must comply with all such enhancements, modifications and changes
to such Customer-Facing Technology. Franchisee further must ensure that its employees receive
adequate training to properly execute all Customer-Facing Technology and the collection of
customer payments in the Salon. Franchisee further must ensure that its employees receive
adequate training to properly execute the collection of customer payments in the salon.

        10.3 Payment Processing System. Franchisee will use and install only the payment
processing system as Great Clips may designate. Franchisee must obtain an account with the Great
Clips authorized provider for payments processing which is currently Heartland Payment Systems.
Franchisee agrees to obtain and maintain the required hardware and equipment, including wireless
routers and payment terminals, necessary to encrypt and tokenize payment data. Franchisee is
required to promptly upgrade or change the required payment processing system as directed by
Great Clips. Great Clips reserves the right, in its sole determination, to apply such upgrades or
changes automatically and without notice in the event that Franchisee fails to promptly take action
to process payments according to required standards.

         10.4 Credit Cards/Gift Cards. Franchisee will honor all credit cards and Gift Cards
approved by Great Clips and will participate in Great Clips’ Gift Card Program, or other Gift Card
programs or promotions, as directed by Great Clips. Franchisee must obtain the prior written
approval of Great Clips prior to honoring any previously unapproved credit cards or other credit
devices. Franchisee must offer for purchase all required Gift Cards and install and activate any
hardware or software necessary to offer and redeem Gift Cards. Franchisee must keep all
communication connections and access to financial and credit card information secure in a manner
which is in compliance with all legal requirements and security requirements of issuing credit card
companies. Franchisee at all times must comply with all payment card industry data security
standards (including, the PCI-DSS), laws and regulations including any laws applicable to
abandoned property and escheat and will hold Great Clips harmless from any and all claims and
liabilities.

        10.5 Television and Audio Equipment. Franchisee will install broadcast television
and such closed network video and/or audio system only as Great Clips may authorize or require.
Franchisee agrees to obtain such equipment from a Great Clips’ authorized supplier. Franchisee
will utilize the system in accordance with Great Clips standards and specifications and will air
only such programming as Great Clips may authorize or designate.



Great Clips, Inc.
Franchise Agreement - 2025
                                                18
