applicable law related to personal information, privacy or Customer communication; acts of
negligence, misconduct or misrepresentations by you, your employees or agents; your breach of
any provi- sion of this Agreement; or your failure to perform any acts required under your
agreements with third parties.

17. Confidentiality. You acknowledge and agree that the Styleware Software Suite contains
proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and
other laws. Except as expressly authorized by ICS, you agree not to and agree not to allow any
third party to: copy, decompile, modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute, assign, sublicense,
translate, reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code
or algorithms, create derivative works from, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer any
right in the Styleware Software Suite, in whole or in part. You agree not to modify the Styleware
Software Suite in any manner or form, or to use modified versions of the Styleware Software
Suite. You agree not to use the Styleware Software Suite in any manner other than the manner
which is authorized by ICS. The provisions of this section survive for three (3) years after any
termination of this Agreement.

18. Trademarks; Service marks. Styleware™, Styleware Touch™, Salon Consolidator™, Styleware
Vantage ™, Net Check-In™, and salondata.com™ are trademarks and service marks of ICS. No
right, license or interest in or to such marks or any other ICS mark is granted to you under this
Agreement, and you agree that no such right, license or interest shall be asserted by you with
respect to such marks and that you will not copy, distribute, display or otherwise use any ICS
mark.

19. Export Law Assurances. You may not use or otherwise export or reexport the Styleware
Software Suite or data except as authorized by United States law and the laws of the jurisdiction
in which the Styleware Software Suite was obtained. You represent and warrant that (i) you are
not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been
designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) you are not listed
on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties. You further agree to indemnify,
de- fend and hold harmless ICS from any claim, action, liability, expense (including reasonable
attorneys' fees and costs) arising out of your violation of any laws, rules or regulations of the
United States or any other jurisdiction related to the use, copying, displaying, distribution, export
or import of computer software or related data.

20. Translation. Any translation of this Agreement is done for local requirements and in the
event of a dispute between the English and any non-English versions, the English version of this
Agreement shall govern.

21. Breach of Agreement. You hereby agree that, in the event of any breach by you of any pro-
vision of this Agreement, including your payment obligations under this Agreement, ICS shall be
entitled to adopt against you any measure, including, but not limited to, seeking immediate in-
junctive relief and compensation for any loss or damage incurred by ICS arising out of your
breach of the Agreement and including the right to collect all expenses of collection and
recovery, including reasonable attorneys' fees.




                                          Page 8 - Ver. 012425
