7.4      HPS may provide terminals, printers and peripheral equipment at Merchant’s request and expense. HPS will obtain
         repair and replacements on purchased and rented equipment. Merchant shall be liable for all non- warranty repairs,
         shipping and handling costs.

7.5      HPS may provide online data management information concerning Merchant to Member Sponsor Banks, Card
         Schemes, Card Issuers or any other party. This information includes but is not limited to Merchant identification
         information, Transaction information, deposits, ACH, batches, equipment, Chargebacks, retrievals, online
         statements and monthly affiliate reports.

7.6      Upon receipt of written request by Merchant, HPS may provide Merchant with certain supplies to complete and
         document Transactions at Merchant’s request and expense as set forth in HPS product price list in effect at the time
         of such request.


7.7      From time to time HPS may refer Merchant to certain independent third party providers of certain products or
         services. Any agreement relating to the provision of such products or services shall be solely between the provider
         and Merchant. Under no circumstance shall HPS have any liability arising out of or related to the performance or
         non-performance of any product or service to be provided by any such third party provider.

7.8      HPS reserves the right, without notification, to change or modify all or part of the network configuration used to
         provide the services. Selection of equipment, hardware, etc. to be used by HPS or HPS’s system shall be left solely
         to HPS’s discretion. HPS shall not change its equipment protocol or HPS’s compatibility requirements without
         notice to Merchant.


8. Privacy, Data Sharing & Confidentiality

8.1      Merchant is solely responsible for compliance with any privacy laws applicable to its use of HPS products and
         services, and its acceptance of Card Transactions. If Merchant is a Covered Entity, HealthCare Provider, or
         Business Associate under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA Rules”),
         Merchant represents and warrants that it shall not transmit to HPS any Protected Health Information (“PHI”), as
         defined in 45 C.F. R. §164.501. HPS operates under an exemption in the HIPAA Rules for financial institutions
         performing consumer conducted payment Transactions.

            Furthermore, any exposure to PHI shall be random, infrequent and incidental to the provision of services by
            HPS, as allowed under the HIPAA Rules, and is not meant for the purpose of accessing, managing the PHI or
            creating or manipulating the PHI. Any transmission of PHI by Merchant to HPS shall be the responsibility of
            Merchant and Merchant agrees to pay HPS any fees or fines imposed on HPS by any agency of the U.S.
            Government with respect to or resulting from acts or omissions of Merchant regarding PHI.

8.2      As between HPS and Merchant, HPS shall be deemed the owner of all Transaction Data. Merchant shall have no
         rights in or title to Transaction Data, notwithstanding HPS’s provision of access to certain Transaction Data in
         relation to the provision of services hereunder.

8.3      Merchant authorizes HPS to use, make available to third parties and/or exchange information, including
         Transaction Data, and information that relates to an identifiable individual (“Personal Information”), about Merchant
         (and about its partners, principals, proprietors, officers, shareholders and managing agents who have provided their
         written consent pursuant to this Agreement) with other financial institutions, payment networks, and any other
         persons or entities for the purpose of providing services under this Agreement or as HPS otherwise deems
         appropriate or necessary.

8.4      Merchant authorizes HPS to use, make available to third parties, and/or exchange information, including
         Transaction Data and Personal Information, about Merchant (and about its partners, principals, proprietors,
         officers, shareholders and managing agents who have provided their written consent pursuant to this Agreement)
         for statistical analysis, marketing purposes, and any other purpose related to the provision of HPS or a third party’s
         products and services.

8.5      Merchant acknowledges that HPS may use, make available to third parties or exchange information, including
         Transaction Data and Personal Information, about Merchant (and about its partners, principals, proprietors,
         officers, shareholders and managing agents who have provided their written consent pursuant to this Agreement)
         with other entities that have products or services that may be of interest to Merchant. Personal

A Global Payments Company                                     17 | Page                                     Revised: 11/01/24
© 2024 Heartland Payment Systems, LLC. All rights reserved.                                    Merchant Processing Agreement
