                           ADDENDUM TO GREAT CLIPS, INC.
                          FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT
                             FOR THE STATE OF ILLINOIS
       The following information applies to franchisees subject to Illinois statutes and regulations.
The item number corresponds to the Item in the main body of the disclosure document.

Item 17

In conformance with Section 4 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, any provision in a franchise
agreement that designates jurisdiction and venue in a forum outside of the State of Illinois is void.
However, a franchise agreement may provide for arbitration to take place outside of Illinois.

Illinois law governs the Franchise Agreement and Master Development Agreement. The
governing law and choice of law provisions in the disclosure document and Franchise Agreement
and Master Development Agreement may be unenforceable under the Illinois Franchise
Disclosure Act.

Franchisee’s rights upon termination and non-renewal are set forth in Sections 19 and 20 of the
Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act.

In conformance with Section 41 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, any condition, stipulation
or provision purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive compliance with the
Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act or any other law of Illinois is void. This shall not prevent any
person from entering into a settlement agreement or executing a general release regarding a
potential or actual lawsuit filed under the provisions of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, nor
shall it prevent the arbitration of any claims pursuant to the provisions of Title IX of the United
States Code.

The provision in the Franchise Agreement which terminates the franchise upon the bankruptcy of
the Franchisee may not be enforceable under Title 11, United States Code, Section 101.

No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by Franchisee in connection
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
reliance on any statement made by the Franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf
of the Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in
connection with the franchise.
