the 2024 calendar year, 2.7% of franchisee contributions to the Ad Fund were spent on production,
80.0% was spent on media, and 18.7% was spent on other expenses that included a 5.0%
administration fee paid to Great Clips, the advertising agency fee, research and testing, and
meeting-related expenses. In 2024 the Ad Fund expenses totaled 101.8% of revenue. Great Clips
is not obligated to spend any specific amount collected into the Ad Fund in the DMA in which
your Salon will be located. At the end of the calendar year, surplus funds, if any, are carried over
into the next year. Currently, Great Clips does not use any advertising funds to solicit new
franchisees. The Ad Fund is audited on an annual basis. The annual Ad Fund audit is available
for review by franchisees upon written request.

Grand Opening
As referenced in Item 7, franchisees must conduct grand opening marketing for their salon
consistent with Great Clips’ Grand Opening Policy. Your required grand opening marketing
investment for your first salon will range from $20,000 to $25,000. The grand opening marketing
investment for your subsequent salons will be consistent with the terms outlined in Great Clips’
Grand Opening Policy. Your grand opening marketing plan must be approved in advance by Great
Clips pursuant to the review and approval protocols we set forth which may change from time to
time.

MDAF
As referenced in Items 5 and 7, you must make a $5,000 non-refundable initial contribution to the
MDAF. This is a one-time fee. Great Clips has the right, in its sole determination, to determine
the amount and nature of expenditures from the MDAF. Great Clips has the exclusive right to
decide whether and in what proportions these funds will be allocated to advertising, research,
marketing, public relations, sales promotions or other areas, and to select materials, programs,
media and agencies it considers to be appropriate. Great Clips may compensate itself and its
affiliates from the MDAF for reasonable expenses of administering and promoting (i) the MDAF
and (ii) programs funded and administered under the MDAF, including payment of taxes that may
be levied on or in relation to MDAF receipts or balances. Great Clips has no obligation to its
franchisees to account for its administration of or expenditures under the MDAF.

Marketing and Advisory Review Council
Great Clips has established a Marketing and Advisory Review Council (the “MARC”) that is
composed of an elected and appointed body of franchisees for the purpose of providing Great Clips
with input on a variety of issues and opportunities. The MARC operates under its own Bylaws.
The MARC is purely advisory in nature, and from time to time may provide input on various
programs, promotions, or policies. Great Clips maintains all final decision-making authority in all
matters presented to the MARC. Great Clips may change or dissolve the MARC at any time.

Local Co-operative
You must join and attend the meetings of a local cooperative (“Co-op”) designated by Great Clips
(Franchise Agreement - Section 11.6). The area of membership of the Co-op is defined by DMA.
Each individual Co-op is self-governing and determines its own dues and assessments, if any.
Corporate salons, if any, in the DMA will contribute dues and assessments on the same basis as
that of franchisees in the Co-op. The member franchisees of the Co-op administer their own Co-
op in accordance with written Co-op Operating Guidelines, which are available to franchisees on

                                                33
GREAT CLIPS®
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025 – v.2
