            (a) the Merchant and Cardholder’s electronically printed copy shall not contain the expiration date and should
                only display in legible print the last four digits of the Card number. Any other portion of the Card number
                must be represented by fill characters such as “x”, “*”, or “#”;
            (b) the information embossed on the Card being presented;
            (c) the date of the Transaction;
            (d) a brief description of the Products involved in detail sufficient to identify the Transaction;
            (e) the total amount of the sale or credit (including any applicable taxes) or the words “deposit” or “balance” if
                full payment is to be made at different times on different Sales Drafts;
            (f) the city and state where such Transaction occurred; and
            (g) if required by the applicable Card Scheme, the signature of the Cardholder of the Card.

            In cases where prompted by the equipment to do so, Merchant shall key enter the last four digits of the Card to
            verify the contents of the magnetic stripe and shall deliver a completed copy of the Sales Draft to the Cardholder.

            This provision shall not apply to those Transactions specifically excluded from these requirements by the Rules.

    4.4     For all mail or telephone orders, Merchant shall type or legibly print on the signature line of the Sales Draft the
            letters or words indicated: “Mail Order,” “MO,” or “Telephone Order,” “TO.”

    4.5     In the event a Transaction cannot be completed via a Card Swipe or EMV Transaction, then an alternate form
            of payment should be requested. Merchant shall not manually key enter unembossed cards (unless Merchant
            participates in the CVV2 with the Magnetic Stripe Failure process) or manually write the account number on a
            paper draft. Only a Card Swipe or EMV Transaction is acceptable by the Card Scheme as proof that the Card
            was present at the time of the Transaction.

    4.6     Merchant’s policy for the exchange or return of goods sold and adjustment for services rendered shall be
            established and posted in accordance with applicable regulations of the applicable Card Scheme and laws.
            Merchant agrees to disclose, if applicable, to a Cardholder before a Card sale is made, that if merchandise is
            returned:
            (a) no refund, or less than full refund, will be given;
            (b) returned merchandise will only be exchanged for similar merchandise of comparable value;
            (c) only a credit toward purchases will be given;
            (d) a restocking fee will be charged; or
            (e) special conditions or circumstances apply to the sale (e.g. late delivery, delivery charges or other non-credit
                terms).

            If Merchant does not make these disclosures, a full refund in the form of a credit to the Cardholder’s Card
            account must be given. In no circumstances shall any cash refunds be given on any item originally charged to
            a Card.

            The foregoing disclosures must be made on all copies of Sales Drafts across all Card Schemes issued at the
            time of the sale in letters approximately ¼ inch high in close proximity to the space provided for the Cardholder’s
            signature. In circumstances where credits or adjustments are due, Merchant shall prepare and deliver to the
            Cardholder a properly completed Credit Voucher. Merchant will input Credit Vouchers into the equipment on
            the day of the credit Transaction for inclusion in Merchant’s daily transmission of Transactions.

    4.7     Merchant shall not transmit for processing and payment any Transaction(s) representing the refinancing of an
            existing obligation of a Cardholder including, but not limited to, obligations:
            (a) previously owed to Merchant;
            (b) arising from the dishonor of a Cardholder’s personal check; or
            (c) representing the collection of any other pre-existing debt.

    4.8     Merchant shall not, under any circumstances, (a) disclose, sell, purchase, provide or exchange, or (b) use for
            any purpose other than completing a Transaction, any Cardholder’s account number or any credit information
            relating to any Cardholder’s account or any Sales Drafts or Credit Vouchers that may have been obtained or
            imprinted with any Card to any person other than HPS, except as expressly authorized in writing by the
            Cardholder, HPS, or as required by law.

    4.9     On the date of the Transaction and prior to honoring any Card, Merchant agrees to obtain an Authorization on
            all Transactions for the total amount of the Transaction by physically sliding, dipping, or inserting the Card
            through the Card reader of the equipment (or tapping the near-field communication (“NFC”) enabled Card in

A Global Payments Company                                     7 | Page                                      Revised: 11/01/24
© 2024 Heartland Payment Systems, LLC. All rights reserved.                                    Merchant Processing Agreement
