   4.    Initial configuration of devices based on specifications for Salon X based on
         recommendations from Great Clips, Inc. in consultation with its vendors.

Foundation may add to, eliminate or modify the Services at any time. Foundation may give
Franchisee prior notice of any such change, and Foundation will evaluate the recurring Fees
based on such addition, elimination or modification of Services.

FEES AND EXPENSES; PAYMENT TERMS

   1.    Franchisee agrees to pay Foundation the fees (“Fees”) described in this Agreement,
         based related on e-commerce transactions. Foundation may modify fees upon prior
         written notice.
   2.    Foundation will not issue invoices to Franchisee. Payment of Fees is due on the
         fifteenth day of the month in which Services are to be performed with no right of
         setoff. All payments hereunder shall be in US dollars and made by credit card. The
         Franchisee will provide Foundation with an authorized credit card number,
         expiry date, and related security code through the e-commerce portal allowing
         Foundation to charge the applicable account to collect Fees due under this
         Agreement. By authorizing Foundation to charge a credit or charge card, the
         Franchisee is authorizing Foundation or its respective designated representatives or
         agents to automatically continue charging that card (or any replacement credit card
         account if the original card is renewed, lost, stolen, or changed for any reason by the
         credit-issuing entity, and such entity informs Foundation of such new replacement
         card account) until this Agreement is terminated and all Fees are paid in full.
   3.    Late Payment. If Franchisee fails to timely pay an invoice, Foundation may (a) charge
         a 15% fee after 30 days after such payment is due; (b) charge interest on unpaid
         amounts at a rate of 1.5% per month or the maximum amount permitted by law,
         whichever is lower, from the date such payment was due until the date paid; and (b)
         suspend performance for all Services until payment has been made in full.
   4.    Shipping. Foundation will select the method of shipment of and the carrier for any
         Hardware. Franchisee will be responsible for all shipping and related insurance costs.
         The Foundation may, in its sole discretion, without liability or penalty, make partial
         shipments of Hardware to Franchisee.
   5.    Taxes. Franchisee shall be responsible for all sales, use, VAT and excise taxes, and any
         other similar taxes, duties, and charges of any kind imposed by any federal,
         provincial, state, or local governmental entity on any amounts payable by Franchisee
         hereunder except for any taxes imposed on, or with respect to, Foundation’s income,
         revenues, gross receipts, personnel, or real or personal property or other assets.

FRANCHISEE’S OBLIGATIONS

Franchisee shall (a) provide Foundation with access to the Hardware electronically as may
reasonably be required by Foundation for the purposes of performing the Services; (b) respond

                greatclips@fndtn.com :: 612.928.2336 :: salonxstore.greatclips.com
