                                    Great Clips Franchise Agreement
                                      Data Processing Addendum

This Great Clips Franchise Agreement Data Processing Addendum (“Addendum”) is made part of the
Franchise Agreement(s) (as identified on the attached Exhibit A) by and between Great Clips, Inc. (“GCI”)
and ____________ (“Franchisee”) (collectively, the “Agreements”), which pertains to the franchise
relationship between the parties (“Relationship”). Any rights and obligations hereunder are in addition to
and not in lieu of the parties’ rights and obligations set forth in the Agreements. Capitalized terms shall
have the meaning given them in the Agreements, in this Addendum, and in the Data Privacy Laws, as
applicable.

1. Definitions. Capitalized words not defined in this Addendum shall have the meaning given to them in
   the Agreements.
   1.1. “Personal Data” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being
        associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual
        or household. “Personal Data” includes all “Personal Information” or similar terms defined by
        Data Privacy Laws. “GCI Personal Data” means all information that Franchisee received from,
        Processed for, or collected on behalf of GCI, including Personal Data and other information that
        is collected on Franchisee premises or Franchisee customers.

    1.2. “Data Privacy Laws” means all applicable federal and state laws and regulations relating to privacy
         and consumer protection which apply to the Processing of data by Franchisee under the
         Agreements. This includes laws, regulations, guidelines, requirements, and government issued
         rules in the U.S. currently in effect and as they become effective, including without limitation, the
         California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of
         2020, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, the Colorado Privacy Act, the Utah Consumer
         Privacy Act, the Connecticut Data Privacy Act, Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act (MTCDPA),
         Iowa Consumer Data Protection Act (ICDPA), New Jersey Data Privacy Law, New Hampshire
         Data Privacy Act, Nebraska Data Privacy Act (NDPA), Oregon Consumer Privacy Act (OCPA),
         Delaware Personal Data Privacy Act (DPDPA), Texas Data Privacy and Security Act (TDPSA),
         Minnesota Consumer Data Privacy Act (MCDPA), Tennessee Information Protection Act (TIPA),
         Maryland Online Data Privacy Act (MODPA), Indiana Consumer Data Protection Act
         (ICPDA), Kentucky Consumer Data Protection Act (KCDPA), Rhode Island Data
         Transparency and Privacy Protection Act (RIDTPPA) and any applicable data security and/or
         privacy laws of other jurisdictions.

    1.3. “Deidentified Information” means information that cannot reasonably be used to infer information
         about, or otherwise be linked to, a particular data subject

    1.4. “Instructions” means GCI’s written instructions to Franchisee pertaining to the processing of GCI
         Personal Data, including this Addendum, the Agreements, Great Clips® Operations Manual, Great
         Clips® Data Access Policy, or other written instruction provided by GCI to Franchisee.

    1.5. “Processing,” “Processes” or “Processed” means any operation or set of operations that are
         performed on Personal Data or on sets of Personal Data, whether or not by automated means.

    1.6. “Security Incident" means any actual or suspected (after reasonable investigation) accidental,
         unauthorized, unintended, or unlawful processing, access to, exfiltration, theft, disclosure,
         destruction, loss, alteration, compromise, and/or malicious infection of Personal Data transferred,
         transmitted, stored, or otherwise Processed by Franchisee or any of its Subprocessors or third




GREAT CLIPS®                                        1 of 6                                        EXHIBIT R
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025                                               DATA PROCESSING ADDENDUM
