be supplied with or have access to personal information solely to provide services to us or to you
on our behalf and their privacy policies may be accessed through their websites. You are not re-
quired to provide the personal information requested, but, if you chose not to do so, in many
cases we will not be able to provide you with ICS products or services or respond to any queries
you may have.

10.2    ICS Privacy Policy You agree and acknowledge that ICS Privacy Policy is subject to
change at any time in ICS’ sole discretion and a current copy can be found on ICS’ website,
icsusa.com under the heading Privacy.

10.3    Customer Communication, Privacy and Personal Information Protection You agree to
comply with all rules, regulations and laws regarding customer communication, privacy, and per-
sonal information, including but not limited to, financial data privacy laws, U.S. Telephone
Consumer Protection Act, and for California residents - the California Consumer Privacy Act of
2018 (“Consumer Laws”). You agree to promptly alert ICS to any requests under Consumer
Laws and to work with ICS to handle those requests. You further agree to indemnify, defend
and hold harmless ICS from any claim, action, liability, expense (including reasonable attorneys’
fees and costs) arising out of your violation of any laws, rules or regulations of the United States
or any other jurisdiction related to consumer communication, privacy and/or personal
information.

10.4      Third Party Privacy Policies For those applications using Google Services, you
acknowledge and are on notice of Google’s Privacy Policy which is currently found at:
https://policies.- google.com/privacy?hi=en-US. For those applications using Amazon’s Web
Services, you ac- knowledge and are on notice of Amazon’s Privacy Policy currently referenced
at http://aws.amazon.com/privacy, as it may be updated by Amazon from time to time.

11. Limited Salon Data License to ICS. You hereby grant ICS a non-exclusive, world-wide, royal-
ty-free, perpetual, non-revocable license to salon data collected, uploaded, posted, or otherwise
transmitted to or stored through the use of the Styleware Software Suite for the sole purposes of
making backup and archival copies, of maintaining and monitoring the Styleware Software Suite
and of providing salon data to third parties as designated by Great Clips, Inc. and Great Clips
franchisees. ICS agrees to protect such licensed salon data with the same degree of care as is
common in the data warehousing and storage industry to protect information from unauthorized
disclosure and loss. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless ICS from and against any
and all liabilities, losses, obligations, claims, damages, penalties, causes of action, costs and
expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys' fees and costs) imposed upon, incurred by or
asserted against ICS that result from the license granted in this section.

12. Ownership. ICS shall retain all rights, including copyright, patent, trade secret and other
rights in it, to the Styleware Software Suite. You expressly acknowledge that ICS owns Net
Check-In including all data related to the estimated wait time and to the methods, algorithms,
calculations and procedures used in Net Check-In. You agree to take no action that interferes
with ICS's ownership.

13. Term and Termination.
(a)     Term. This Agreement is effective when executed electronically or upon your first use of

                                          Page 5 - Ver. 012425
