and records during normal business hours for this purpose. If the results of the audit show an
overcharge to Tenant of more than 3% of the actual amount owed by Tenant, then Landlord must
pay the reasonable costs of such audit and, within 30 days of completion of such audit, Landlord
must credit or refund to Tenant, at Tenant’s election, any overcharge discovered by the audit,
together with interest, at the rate of 12% per annum, accruing on the amount of the overcharge
from the date payment was made by Tenant. If such audit discloses an undercharge to Tenant,
Tenant must pay Landlord the amount of such undercharge within 30 days of completion of such
audit.

12.    REAL ESTATE TAX EXCLUSIONS.

Real Estate Taxes shall not include late payment penalties, fees or interest, nor the following taxes:
income, excess profits, estate, single business, inheritance, succession, transfer, capital or other tax
assessments upon Landlord or the Rent payable under this Lease.

13.    SPECIAL ASSESSMENTS AND DEVELOPMENT COSTS.

In the event that during the Lease Term any governmental entity makes any improvement and
assesses any portion of the Shopping Center therefore, Tenant shall be liable only for so much of
its pro-rata share as the remainder of the Lease Term relates to the useful life of such improvement.
In addition, if the special assessments may be paid in installments, Tenant shall have the option of
paying its pro-rata share of the assessments in like installments.

Tenant shall not be required to pay special assessments or costs related to the development or
redevelopment of the Shopping Center, future buildings or surrounding areas. These costs include,
but are not limited to, all costs for on-site or off-site improvements, park or park dedication fees,
initial landscaping costs, utility connection charges, trunk utility fees, fire or police department
charges, civil defense fees and other development or governmental related fees, costs or charges.
Such costs shall be the obligation of Landlord.

14.    LANDLORD MAINTENANCE AND REPAIRS.

Landlord covenants and agrees to maintain in good, watertight condition and repair, at its expense
without reimbursement or contribution by Tenant (except as otherwise may be provided herein),
the foundations, exterior and structural systems of the Shopping Center and Premises, including,
without limitation, the roof, roof membrane, roof covering (including interior ceiling if damaged
by leakage), load-bearing walls, floor slabs and masonry walls and the exterior paint, and also the
plumbing, electrical, sprinkler and other utility lines and systems servicing the Premises, all in a
first class condition in accordance with other similar retail space located in the metropolitan area
where the Premises is located and in compliance with all governmental regulations. Landlord
shall maintain and keep in good condition, order and repair all common areas of the Shopping
Center, including, but not limited to, all parking facilities, driveways and walkways located within
the Shopping Center, in a first class condition in accordance with other similar retail space located
in the metropolitan area where the Premises is located and in compliance with all governmental
regulations. This obligation includes the prompt removal by Landlord of snow, ice, trash and other
items from parking facilities, driveways and walkways (including walkways located in front of the
Premises and adjacent spaces) in accordance with standard practices.


GREAT CLIPS®                                     4 of 13                    EXHIBIT L - LEASE DOCUMENTS
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025                                                       LEASE ADDENDUM
