per business day and will ensure that reasonable efforts are used to respond to emails and telephone
calls from Great Clips within 24 hours. Great Clips will send information to Franchisee at the
Great Clips Email address and no other email address used by Franchisee. Franchisee expressly
understands that all conduct involving the Great Clips Email is subject to this Agreement and all
then-current versions of applicable policies. Franchisee must ensure that all passwords, access
codes and identification codes provided by Great Clips are kept confidential.

        10.8 Online Security. Franchisee is solely responsible for protecting itself from
 disruptions, Internet access failures, Internet content failures, and attacks by hackers and other
 unauthorized intruders and Franchisee waives any and all claims Franchisee may have against
 Great Clips as the direct or indirect result of such disruptions, failures or attacks. Franchisee is
 prohibited from sharing, disclosing or providing access to Salon Data (in whole or in part) to any
 third-party without prior written approval of Great Clips. If Great Clips consents to such
 disclosure, Franchisee remains exclusively responsible for the secure storage, transmission,
 maintenance and use of such data by Franchisee and third-parties to whom Franchisee has
 provided such information, including that such storage, transmission, maintenance and use
 complies with all applicable data security laws and regulations.

        10.9 Potential Data Breach. Franchisee must notify Great Clips immediately upon the
suspicion of a potential data breach or data incident, and must keep Great Clips continuously
advised of the status of the matter. In the event that Great Clips determines, in its sole
determination that there is a breach or incident that may affect the Great Clips brand, Franchisee
will give Great Clips all necessary cooperation, including access to the Franchisee’s systems, to
halt the attack and conduct an investigation notwithstanding any costs to the Franchisee. Great
Clips will have the right, but not the responsibility, to select legal counsel and control all media
communications surrounding any data breach or data incident.

          11.       ADVERTISING

        11.1 Local Advertising. Franchisee will execute marketing programs using local
media. Franchisee will use only advertising programs or materials provided by Great Clips or that
Great Clips has specifically designated in writing. All costs, including production costs, for
advertising programs or materials not provided by Great Clips will be paid by Franchisee.
Franchisee will not utilize promotional texting or robocalling in the marketing of the GREAT
CLIPS® business. Great Clips reserves the right to prohibit or restrict the use of any digital or
media use at any time to protect the best interests of the System. Additionally, Franchisee must
comply with the Customer Data Access Policy in connection with any consumer marketing
materials.

       11.2 Other Advertising Expenses. Franchisee will be required to participate, from time
to time, in promotional and discount programs and/or offer various promotional items, cross-
marketing coupons, rebates or other sales and marketing products or value-added items. Great
Clips may enter into charitable programs or marketing partnerships that may require Franchisee to
display partner items in the Salon, distribute partner items or offers or similar actions to promote
the marketing partnership. There may be additional purchases required from time to time to

Great Clips, Inc.
Franchise Agreement - 2025
                                                 20
