Assignment. This Agreement will be binding on and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto
and their respective successors and assigns. Since this Agreement is based on your credit
strength, you may not assign or transfer this Agreement to anyone else, except that you may
assign it to a purchaser of your franchise, provided that (i) the purchaser is or becomes an
Eligible Franchisee immediately upon closing the transaction, and (ii) you may be obligated pay
us a transfer fee of $175 for the assignment. We may sell or transfer our interests to another
entity which will then have all of our rights but none of our obligations, unless those obligations
are specifically assumed. In that case, those obligations will continue to be ours. The rights we
pass on to the new entity will not be subject to any defenses, claims or set-offs you may assert
against us. Any action by you against us must be commenced within one year after the cause
of action arises or be forever barred.

Insurance. You must maintain acceptable public liability insurance naming us as “additional
insured.” You must maintain property insurance to insure the Equipment against all risks of loss
in an amount equal to the replacement cost and have us listed on the policy as “loss payee.” If,
upon our request, you do not give us proof of the property insurance, then depending on the
original cost of the Equipment, we may either (i) obtain property insurance to cover our
interests and charge you a fee for such coverage or (ii) charge you a monthly non-compliance
fee up to $50.00 (which provides no insurance benefit). You can stop the insurance coverage
fee or non-compliance fee at any time by delivering the required proof of insurance. You
appoint us as attorney-in-fact to make claims for, receive payment of, any execute and endorse
all documents, checks or drafts for loss, theft, damage or destruction to the Equipment. We
may elect how to apply insurance proceeds.

Force Majeure. Neither party is liable for any delay or failure to perform any obligation under
this Agreement or the delay or if any failure results from any cause beyond that party’s
reasonable control, including acts of God, labor disputes or other industrial disturbances,
systematic electrical, telecommunications or other utility failures, explosion, accident, structural
collapse or breakage of plant of equipment, earthquake, floods, storms or other natural
disasters, epidemics or other public health issues, quarantines, blockages, embargoes, riots,
natural or chemical contamination, radioactivity, acts or orders of government, failure of public
infrastructure, pressure waves or other sonic or auditory impact, acts of terrorism, or war.

Entire Agreement. This Agreement, plus your Order, constitutes the entire agreement and
understanding between us and you.

Amendment and Waiver. Any provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived only in
writing signed by both parties.

No Waivers. The failure by us to enforce any provision of this Agreement will not constitute a
present or future waiver of such provision nor limit our right to enforce such provision at a later
time. All waivers by us must be in writing to be effective.



                 greatclips@fndtn.com :: 612.928.2336 :: salonxstore.greatclips.com
