        10.6 Online Communications. Franchisee will, at all times during the term of this
 Agreement, at Franchisee’s expense, have access to the Internet, at the speed Great Clips
 designates, at the salon computer system and at any other points of connection specified by Great
 Clips. Franchisee must participate in GREAT CLIPS® University, access INsite+ which is Great
 Clips’ current proprietary extranet site, and other online communications that Great Clips may
 establish from time to time (collectively “Online Resources”). You must also use the Great Clips
 Email (as defined in Section 10.7). Great Clips will, in its sole determination, decide the content
 and use of the Online Resources and will establish the rules under which Franchisee will
 participate in and/or use the Online Resources and Great Clips Email. Great Clips owns all
 intellectual property and other rights in the Online Resources and Great Clips Email, including,
 without limitation, the domain name or URL, traffic and behavior analytics collected and any
 personal or business data that visitors supply. Franchisee acknowledges that certain information
 obtained through its participation in the Online Resources, Great Clips Email, and other online
 communications may be considered Confidential Information, including passwords, access codes
 and identification codes. Franchisee understands that this Confidential Information, especially
 passwords, is for Franchisee use only and must not be shared, disclosed, or distributed to any
 other persons under any circumstances. Franchisee is responsible for maintaining the
 confidentiality and security of this information and will be held accountable for any breach of this
 confidentiality obligation. Franchisee is responsible for ensuring that Franchisee’s employees,
 and any other person or entity to whom access is granted, maintain the same level of
 confidentiality. Great Clips will retain all rights relating to the Online Resources and Great Clips
 Email and may alter or terminate the Online Resources or Great Clips Email, and/or the rules
 governing Franchisee’s participation in the Online Resources or Great Clips Email, in its sole and
 absolute determination. Franchisee’s use of the Online Resources and general conduct on the
 Internet, and specifically its use of the Marks or any marketing, solicitation or recruiting on the
 Internet (including the domain name and any other Marks Great Clips may develop), will be
 governed by the provisions of this Agreement, the then-current governing marketing and
 communications policy, the Great Clips Information Protection Policy and any other applicable
 policies that Great Clips may establish in its sole determination. Franchisee may not separately
 register any domain name containing any of the Marks. In the event an unauthorized registration
 should occur, Franchisee shall be responsible for executing a transfer and/or assignment of the
 domain name registration to Great Clips, at no cost to Great Clips. Any website established by
 Franchisee relating to the operation of the Salon or Franchisee’s business, including without
 limitation social networking sites such as Facebook, LinkedIn, X (f/k/a Twitter), Instagram,
 TikTok or YouTube, must conform to the standards and guidelines contained in the Electronic
 Marketing and Communications Policy. Franchisee will at all times comply with all electronic
 marketing and related laws. Franchisee’s right to participate in the Online Resources or otherwise
 use the Marks or System on the Internet or other online communications will terminate when this
 Agreement expires or terminates.

       10.7 Communication with Great Clips. Great Clips will provide Franchisee with a
proprietary email address for use in communicating with Great Clips (the “Great Clips Email”).
Franchisee’s Great Clips Email will be used as the primary method for Franchisee and Great Clips
to communicate with one another and to transmit documents and other communications and
information. Franchisee will ensure that its Great Clips Email accounts are reviewed at least once

Great Clips, Inc.
Franchise Agreement - 2025
                                                 19
