5)      Training Fees. You will be billed an annual training fee of $200 per year per salon. This
fee will cover Great Clips Academy, GREAT CLIPS® University online resources and courses
and LEADS for Management Staff for the year. There is no additional fee for your staff to attend
this training, but you are responsible for paying all wages, benefits, meals and other related
expenses for you and your employees to attend training.

                                              Item 12

                                           TERRITORY

You will conduct the GREAT CLIPS® business at an Authorized Location by establishing and
operating the Salon as provided in the Franchise Agreement. You will not receive an exclusive
territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from
other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control. We will grant to you a
protected territory defined by a radius of three-quarters of a mile from the primary customer
entrance of the Salon (the “Protected Area”). Great Clips agrees that, except as it relates to Non-
Traditional Locations (described below in this Item 12), it will not operate GREAT CLIPS® salons
or grant GREAT CLIPS® franchises within the Protected Area, but you may establish additional
salons within the Protected Area if you obtain our prior consent. If the Salon is in a densely
populated area, the Protected Area is a radius of one-tenth of a mile, as determined by Great Clips
in advance of your Salon opening. If the location of the Salon is determined by Great Clips to be
a Non-Traditional Location, the Protected Area will be determined by Great Clips at the time of
the designation. The Protected Area for a Non-Traditional Location will be described in more
detail in the Franchise Agreement. There is no minimum sales quota, sales volume, market
penetration or other contingency. You maintain rights to your Protected Area during the term of
the Franchise Agreement even if the population increases.

Certain locations within and outside the Protected Area are, by their nature, unique and separate
in character from sites generally developed as GREAT CLIPS® salons. These locations are
referred to as “Non-Traditional Locations” and are excluded from the Protected Area and Great
Clips has the right to develop, license, or franchise such locations (unless the Protected Area is
encompassed by an Exclusive MDA). Non-Traditional Locations include: (1) military bases;
(2) public transportation facilities, including, without limitation, airports and other transportation
terminals; (3) college and university campuses; (4) inside the perimeter of grocery stores, club
stores, “big box” stores (e.g., large retail establishment offering a variety of goods), and business
and industrial locations (e.g., manufacturing site, office building); (5) amusement and theme parks;
(6) casinos; (7) community and special events; (8) racing events; and (9) sporting events.

The Franchise Agreement does not prohibit you from soliciting business for the Salon from any
location; however, except with Great Clips’ prior written consent, you may not use alternative
distribution channels such as the Internet, catalog sales, telemarketing, robocalling, texting, or
other marketing methods to solicit business for the Salon. You are not required to compensate,
nor are you entitled to receive compensation from, Great Clips or other franchisees on account of
any territorial or customer sales restrictions or due to the activities of any competitors or other
GREAT CLIPS® salons.


                                                 41
GREAT CLIPS®
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025 – v.2
