licensed hereunder including: (a) any personal injury, property damage, commercial loss or
environmental contamination; (b) any failure to comply with any requirement of any governmental
authority; (c) failure to pay any of its obligations, (d) Franchisee’s or Franchisee’s employees’
actions or inaction, (e) any claims brought against Great Clips involving Franchisee's actual or
alleged violation of employment-related laws and regulations as Franchisee exclusively is
responsible for compliance with all such laws and regulations, and (f) any claims brought against
Great Clips related to Franchisee’s actual or alleged violation of laws applicable to the computer
system, salon technology hardware, and equipment or other technology used in the operation of
Franchisee’s GREAT CLIPS® business including all data protection, privacy or security laws as
well as compliance with all payment card industry data security standards. Great Clips will have
the absolute right to defend any claim made against it that results from or arises out of Franchisee’s
GREAT CLIPS® business. Franchisee will reimburse Great Clips for all such obligations, losses,
expenses and damages for which Great Clips is held liable and for all costs reasonably incurred by
Great Clips in the defense of such claims, including attorneys’ fees. Without limiting the
generality of this Section, it is the intention of the parties to this Agreement that we shall not be
deemed a joint employer with you for any reason. If we incur any cost, loss, or damage as a result
of any actions or omissions of you or your employees, including any that relate to any party making
a finding of joint employer status, you will fully indemnify us for any such loss. Franchisee will
not be liable to Great Clips for matters in which Great Clips is found liable for its own conduct.

          14.       GREAT CLIPS’ RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL

          14.1      Definitions. The following words and phrases will have these definitions:

          (a)       “Assignment” – includes Franchisee’s assignment, transfer, sale, gift, or other
                    disposition of any interest in: (i) this Agreement; (ii) the Franchisee entity; (iii) the
                    Salon governed by this Agreement; or (iv) the assets or a substantial portion of the
                    assets of the Salon.
          (b)       “Controlling Interest” – a person will be deemed to have a controlling interest in
                    Franchisee if that person has the majority of the voting stock or other forms of
                    voting ownership interest of a corporation, partnership or other entity, or is
                    otherwise able to direct or cause the direction of that entity’s management or
                    policies.
          (c)       “Franchisee” – means the Franchisee and, if the Franchisee is an entity, also
                    includes all persons and entities with an ownership interest in Franchisee or this
                    Agreement, or having any beneficial interest in any trust that has an ownership
                    interest in Franchisee or this Agreement.
          (d)       “Permitted Transferee” – means (i) a trust created by the Franchisee in which the
                    Franchisee is sole trustee and has retained the power to amend and revoke the trust;
                    (ii) the spouse of the Franchisee and the children of Franchisee; (iii) a corporation
                    or other entity owned and controlled solely by Franchisee; or (iv) a current
                    shareholder or equity owner and the transfer does not result in a change in
                    Controlling Interest.



Great Clips, Inc.
Franchise Agreement - 2025
                                                       24
