after Franchisee is notified. If no underpayment or misstatement as described in this Section is
found to exist, Great Clips will pay the costs associated with the audit or review.

          13.       INSURANCE; INDEMNIFICATION

        13.1 Required Insurance Coverages. Franchisee must, at its sole cost and expense,
maintain in full force and effect during the term of this Agreement, the minimum types and
amounts of insurance designated from time to time by Great Clips, including all insurance required
by state or federal law. Specifically, and in additional to the insurance coverages required by Great
Clips, Franchisee must maintain workers’ compensation or other insurance required for its
employees and all insurance required under the lease for the Authorized Location and the operation
of the GREAT CLIPS® business. The insurance requirements described below are minimum
requirements only and Franchisee may purchase and maintain additional insurance policies or
insurance policies with greater coverage limits.

         13.2 Insurance Requirements. Franchisee must acquire and maintain in full force and
effect during the term of this Agreement the types and amounts of insurance coverage Great Clips
designates from time to time. Currently, Great Clips requires the following minimum insurance
coverage: (a) general liability coverage, including personal and advertising injury liability
coverage in a minimum amount of at least $1,000,000 per occurrence, $2,000,000 general
aggregate, or such greater limits as Great Clips may reasonably prescribe; (b) “All Risk” or special
property coverage of not less than the current replacement cost of the glass, equipment, fixtures
and leasehold improvements at the Authorized Location sufficient in an amount to restore the
Salon promptly to full operations; and (c) workers compensation coverage as required by
applicable state law. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that it must secure such additional types
and amounts of insurance coverage that Great Clips may designate from time to time.

        13.3 Additional Insured; Certificates of Coverage. All insurance policies procured
and maintained by Franchisee pursuant to this Agreement must: (a) name Great Clips, Inc. as an
additional insured; (b) be on a primary and non-contributory basis, (c) waive any right to assert a
claim back against Great Clips, Inc.; and (d) undertake to notify Great Clips 30 days in advance of
any cancellation or material change in the policy. On an annual basis and upon Great Clips’
request, Franchisee must provide Great Clips with certificates of coverage, insurance policy
endorsements, or other proof of insurance that Great Clips requires evidencing that Franchisee has
obtained and is maintaining in force all required insurance policies. If Franchisee fails to provide
the certificates of coverage, endorsements or other proof of insurance, Great Clips (in addition to
all other rights and remedies) may purchase such insurance in the name and on behalf of
Franchisee, and Franchisee must immediately reimburse Great Clips’ expenses and premiums paid
to obtain such insurance. Great Clips may engage a third-party vendor to compile and maintain
records of the certificates of coverage, endorsements or other proof of insurance.

        13.4 Indemnification. Franchisee will indemnify and hold Great Clips, its affiliates,
officers, directors and employees harmless against all claims, lawsuits, liabilities, obligations,
losses, expenses and judgments or any settlement thereof (whether or not a formal proceeding or
action has been instituted) arising out of or in connection with Franchisee's conduct of the business

Great Clips, Inc.
Franchise Agreement - 2025
                                                 23
