Great Clips, Inc.

Notes to Financial Statements


Note 1.     Nature of Business and Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
Future lease payments may include fixed rent escalation clauses or payments that depend on an index
(such as the consumer price index). Subsequent changes to an index and other periodic market-rate
adjustments to base rent are recorded in variable lease expense in the period incurred. Payments for
terminating the lease are included in the lease payments only when it is probable they will be incurred.

The Company’s leases may include a non-lease component representing additional services transferred
to the Company, such as common area maintenance for real estate. The Company accounts for each
separate lease component and the non-lease components associated with that lease component as a
single lease component. Non-lease components that are variable in nature are recorded in variable lease
expense in the period incurred.

A lessee that is not a public business entity is permitted to use a risk-free discount rate for its leases,
determined using a period comparable with that of the lease term, as an accounting policy election for all
leases. In order to ease the accounting burden of determining incremental borrowing rates under
Topic 842, the Company has made this accounting policy election for all leases. The risk-free discount
rates were obtained using the interest rates for U.S. Treasury securities, as posted on the Federal
Reserve website, with similar maturities as the lease term.

Adoption of Topic 842 resulted in the recording of ROU assets and lease liabilities related to the
Company’s operating leases of approximately $11,531,000 and $13,877,000, respectively, at January 1,
2022. The Company’s deferred rent liability at January 1, 2022, was offset against the operating ROU
asset upon adoption of Topic 842. The adoption of the new lease standard did not materially impact net
income or cash flows and resulted in a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of
accumulated deficit of approximately $450,000.

Impairment of long-lived assets: The Company reviews long-lived assets such as property and
equipment and operating lease ROU assets for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of
long-lived assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to
future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset, including cash flows from disposition. If
long-lived assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the
amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. There were no
triggering events that indicated there was an impairment of long-lived assets during the years ended
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022.

Goodwill, net: Goodwill is the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets of two
regional franchisees acquired in business combinations.

The Company has adopted FASB ASU 2014-02, Intangibles—Goodwill and Other (Topic 350):
Accounting for Goodwill (a consensus of the Private Company Council). This private company accounting
alternative simplifies the accounting for goodwill and includes amortizing goodwill on a straight-line basis
over a period not to exceed 10 years, testing goodwill for impairment only upon the occurrence of a
triggering event and choosing to test goodwill for impairment at either the entity level or the reporting unit
level. The Company has elected to analyze goodwill for impairment at the entity level, amortize goodwill
over a period of 10 years and test goodwill for impairment if triggering events occur. There were no
goodwill impairment triggering events or charges as of and during the years ended December 31, 2024,
2023 and 2022. Goodwill was fully amortized in 2024.




                                                     10
