costs and expenses of the arbitration against the parties in such proportion as may be fair and
equitable. The arbitration award will be in writing and will specify the factual and legal bases
for the award. Nothing herein contained will bar either party from seeking equitable remedies
in a court of appropriate jurisdiction.
We may charge interest on overdue amounts at the rate of 1.5% per month. If we bring a
successful legal action to collect, or engage a collection agency, and unless determined by an
arbiter as set forth above, you must pay our reasonable costs of collection, including
reasonable attorney’s fees and costs.

Notices. All notices given pursuant to this Agreement will be in writing and will be delivered by
hand or sent by United States registered mail, postage prepaid, addressed as follows (or to
another address or person as a party may specify on notice to the other):
(i) If to us:
Matt Woestehoff, Managing Director
Foundation Technologies LLC
250 Marquette Avenue South, Suite 1160
Minneapolis, MN 55401
(ii) If to you, your listed billing address.

Definitions.
• “ADH” means a failure of the Equipment or Software due to a cracked screen or any other
form of accidental damage from handling resulting from an unexpected and unintentional
external event (such as, drops and damage caused by liquid contact).
• “Commencement Date” for a Rental shall occur upon the earlier of execution of this
Agreement or delivery of the Equipment.
• “Franchisee” means an authorized franchisee of Great Clips, Inc. or its affiliates.
• “End Users” means the individuals that you permit to use the Equipment.
• “Equipment” means the Equipment described on one or more Schedules, which are attached
hereto and incorporated as part of this Agreement.
• “Export Control Laws” means all applicable export and re-export control laws and regulations
including the Export Administration Regulations, maintained by the U.S. Department of
Commerce trade and economic sanctions maintained by the Treasury Department’s Office of
Foreign Assets Control and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations maintained by the
Department of State.
• “High Risk Activities” means uses the failure of which could lead to death or serious bodily
injury to any person or physical or environmental damage.
• “Major Release” means a significant version of software that is commercially released in a
release number format such as ”1.0” or “2.0” and which is not in beta or pre-release form.
• “Order” means the request for the rental of Equipment and provision of services that is
placed on the portal of Foundation Technologies Equipment Rental & Leasing Company LLC
and approved by Foundation Technologies Equipment Rental & Leasing Company LLC.
• “Original Term” begins with the Commencement Date and continues for the number of
months set forth in the Term in your Order or, if no number of months is stated in the Order, for

                greatclips@fndtn.com :: 612.928.2336 :: salonxstore.greatclips.com
