29.    CHANGES TO CENTER.

In no event shall Tenant’s position or location within the Shopping Center, or its position or
location in relation to the major anchor tenants or major tenant’s entrances, and/or ingress or
egress, or its access and/or accessibility, or parking, or the visibility of its store, display window
and/or signs, be changed without the prior written approval of Tenant.

30.    CONSENT.

Landlord and Tenant covenant and agree that whenever, pursuant to the terms of the Lease, the
consent, satisfaction, determination or approval is required or permitted of Landlord or Tenant,
such consent, satisfaction, determination or approval shall not be unreasonably determined,
withheld or delayed.

31.    HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES.

Landlord represents and warrants that there are no hazardous or potentially hazardous materials in
or about the Premises and/or the building or Shopping Center of which the Premises are a part of,
including but not limited to radon, radiation, asbestos, asbestos containing materials, PCB’s and
PCB containing materials and CFC’s. Landlord agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Tenant
from all loss, cost, expense and damage (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) incurred by Tenant
as a result of Landlord’s breach of the representations and warranties as set forth in this Section.

Tenant shall not be responsible for any hazardous materials existing on the Premises prior to
Tenant’s possession or brought onto the Premises by a party other than Tenant, its employees,
agents, licensees or invitees.

32.    ATTORNEY’S FEES.

If at any time during the Term of this Lease either Landlord or Tenant institutes any action or
proceeding against the other relating to the provisions of this Lease, or any default hereunder, the
unsuccessful party in such action or proceeding agrees to reimburse the successful party for the
reasonable expenses of attorneys’ fees and disbursements incurred therein by the successful party.
Such reimbursement must include all legal expenses incurred prior to trial, at trial and at all levels
of appeal and post-judgment proceedings.

33.    QUIET ENJOYMENT.

Landlord warrants that Tenant or any permitted assignee or sublessee of Tenant, upon the payment
of the Rent and performance of the covenants hereunder, will and may peaceably and quietly have,
hold and enjoy the Premises and improvements thereon during the Term or any renewal or
extension thereof. Additionally, Landlord may not take any action that will interfere with Tenant’s
intended use of the Premises, parking, signage, or ingress or egress to and from the Premises or
across the Shopping Center. Landlord shall not place “For Rent” signs at the Premises during the
Term.



GREAT CLIPS®                                    10 of 13                   EXHIBIT L - LEASE DOCUMENTS
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 2025                                                      LEASE ADDENDUM
