Buyer further agrees to cooperate with Seller regarding COBRA continuation coverage, if such cooperation
is necessary.
XXVIII. Delivery Areas
Buyer is familiar with the approved delivery areas for the Stores as those areas are described on maps
attached to the Franchise Agreements. Buyer agrees to independently evaluate delivery service for the
Stores within thirty (30) days after Closing, and to independently determine Buyer’s own delivery service
policies, in accordance with standards and the Franchise Agreements. Buyer shall not assert, as a defense or
as a claim, that Buyer is not familiar with any delivery area or that Seller is responsible for delivery service
policies or limitations in any delivery area of the Stores from on and after Closing. Buyer agrees to make
deliveries only to the addresses within the Delivery and Service Area for the Stores. Buyer also agrees not
to make deliveries to any address outside of the approved Delivery and Service Area for the Stores.
XXIX. Domino’s PULSE System
Buyer has entered into the standard form of License Agreement with Domino’s Pizza Distribution LLC,
including the standard agreement for maintenance and support services. Buyer shall, at Buyer’s expense,
ensure that Buyer and __________ and Buyer’s employees are properly trained in the use of the Domino’s
PULSE system. Buyer or ____________ shall be responsible for any costs associated with the training.
Buyer shall subscribe for the standard maintenance and support of the system and shall pay the fees
associated with maintenance and support as set out in an Addendum to the License Agreement, as the same
may be modified as permitted by the License Agreement and shall pay the costs and fees when due.
XXX.      Other Provisions
  A.           Any other special provisions or agreements between Buyer and Seller shall be set forth on a
               page attached hereto and shall be signed and dated by both parties. When any provision
               hereof contemplates action by a party on or after Closing, that provision shall survive the
               Closing.
    B.         The parties represent and warrant to each other that said party has the authority and legal
               capacity to enter this Agreement and to carry out the terms thereof and the parties intend for
               the other to rely on the representations and warranties contained herein.
    C.         Each party shall be solely responsible for its own costs and expense (including attorneys’
               fees and accountants’ fees) incurred in connection with this Agreement and the
               consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.
    D.         To the extent that either party receives funds on or after the closing date which are
               attributable to the other party’s period of ownership (including but not limited to receipts
               from credit card sales, Coca-Cola rebates, and the like), then the party receiving such funds
               agrees to immediately notify the other party and to forward such funds to the other party.
    .
    E.         Buyer authorizes Seller to insert the date and to complete any blank spaces in this Agreement
               and any exhibit and execution copy of any document related to this transaction in a manner
               that is consistent with the circumstances and the agreement of the parties.
XXXI.           JURY WAIVER.
BUYER AND SELLER HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, INTENTIONALLY, UNCONDITIONALLY
AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND
ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.



    The parties acknowledge reading, understanding and fully agreeing to all of the terms hereof.


                                                     8
