    G.         Buyer and ____________ have taken all actions necessary to authorize Buyer to enter into
               and perform its obligations under this Agreement and all other documents related to this
               transaction. This Agreement is, and as of the Closing Date this Agreement and the other
               documents related to this transaction will be, the legal, valid and binding obligations of
               Buyer, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms.
VII.      Time of the Essence
Time is of the essence of this Agreement. The acceptance by either party of partial or delinquent payment
or performance, or failure of either party to exercise any right or remedy shall not be a waiver of the party’s
obligations or rights, or constitute a waiver of any other or similar act or omission occurring at a later date.
Failure at times to insist upon strict performance hereunder shall not be deemed as a waiver or bar to later
insist upon strict performance of all of the terms of this Agreement.
VIII.     Buyer’s Inspection
Buyer acknowledges by execution hereof that Buyer has made a complete inspection of the Assets and the
Stores premises which are the subject of this Agreement, is satisfied with the condition and suitability of
same, and accepts the Stores premises and all the Assets “AS IS.” From and after Closing, Buyer shall
assume all responsibility that the Stores premises comply with all laws, ordinances, directives of the
government and its agencies, and regulations, regardless of the condition at Closing. Seller makes no other
warranties or any warranties as to the fitness, use or merchantability of the Stores premises or the Assets,
ANY SUCH WARRANTIES BEING HEREBY EXPRESSLY NEGATED AND DISCLAIMED. Buyer
may enforce in the name of Seller any warranties, if any, which may have been made by the manufacturer of
the Assets. No defect, unfitness, unmerchantability or malfunction of the Assets or the Stores premises shall
relieve Buyer of the obligation to make the payments or perform the obligations required hereunder. This
provision shall survive the Closing.
IX.       Buyer’s Use of Assets; Indemnifications
Buyer shall defend and indemnify Seller against, and hold Seller harmless from, any and all claims, actions,
proceedings, expenses, damages and liabilities, including attorneys’ fees, arising in connection with the
Assets or the Stores premises after the close of business on ________________,.
X.        Seller’s Use of Assets; Indemnifications
Seller shall defend and indemnify Buyer against, and hold Buyer harmless from, any and all claims, actions,
proceedings, expenses, damages and liabilities, including attorneys’ fees, arising in connection with the
Assets or the Stores premises prior to the close of business on. Seller’s liability under this section shall not
exceed the Purchase Price, less Seller’s cost of this transaction.
XI.        Choice of Law and Litigation
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State
of Michigan. Any suit or action arising out of, related to, or in connection with this Agreement, or any
instrument or document executed pursuant thereto, shall be filed and maintained in Washtenaw County,
Michigan, or such other jurisdiction as to which Seller may expressly agree in writing. Buyer waives any
claim that such jurisdiction is inconvenient, and hereby irrevocably authorizes and directs the judge in any
court other than ones named above to promptly dismiss any such suit or action, with prejudice and at
plaintiff’s costs, unless Seller shall have consented in writing to the venue and jurisdiction of the suit or
action.
XII.      Benefit of Agreement
This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors, the
assigns of Seller, and the Buyer. Buyer may not assign this Agreement or delegate its duties hereunder
without the prior written consent of Seller. Seller may assign its rights in this Agreement and all other
documents executed in connection with this transaction.
XIII.     Entire Agreement



                                                     5
