4.       TERRITORIAL RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS.

         4.1       Area of Primary Responsibility.

         The following geographic territory will be your Area of Primary Responsibility:

                                 A one (1) mile radius from the store located at:


       Provided you are in compliance with the terms of this Agreement, and except as otherwise
provided in Section 4.3, we will not operate or grant a franchise for the operation of a Domino's
Pizza Store during the term of this Agreement whose area of primary responsibility overlaps your
Area of Primary Responsibility.

         4.2       Delivery Service.

        We shall have the right to prescribe from time to time the boundaries outside of which the
Store may not offer delivery service. You further understand that in revising these boundaries we
may in our discretion make adjustments to the size of your delivery and service area to account
for, among other things, changing market conditions, population changes and other relevant
considerations, including but not limited to the reasons contained in Section 4.3. You further agree
that the Store will at all times during approved hours of operation offer delivery service to all
customers located within your delivery and service area, provided, however, you are not required
to offer delivery service in areas which might present a danger to you or your employees.
However, you will remain solely responsible for investigating and reviewing periodically, but not
less than annually, any decisions by you to limit your delivery area for safety reasons, subject to
procedures and standards we may prescribe from time to time, and for obtaining and maintaining
information that supports your decisions to limit delivery service. You understand and agree that
you may not change the boundaries of your delivery and service area without our prior written
consent. When making deliveries, you and your employees must strictly comply with all laws,
regulations and rules of the road and due care and caution in the operation of delivery vehicles.

         4.3       Exclusions.

         Notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 4.1 and 4.2, enclosed malls, institutions (such
as hospitals), airports, parks (including theme parks), sports arenas, convention centers and other
facilities or venues where events are scheduled shall be excluded from your Area of Primary
Responsibility and your delivery and service area, unless otherwise specified by us in writing. We
retain the right on our behalf and behalf of our affiliates to open a Domino's Pizza store at any of
these facilities or venues wherever the facility or venue is located, in order to service the facility
or venue, or grant franchises or licenses for others to do so; provided, however, that you shall have
the first option to operate the store and to service such facility or venue if you meet the legal and/or
venue requirements, subject to your completion of our approval process and satisfaction of our
conditions for approval. You shall be granted a reasonable period of time to consider the option.
"Reasonable" shall be defined on a case-by-case basis by reference to the time allowed by the

                                                    10
SFA – 07/31/2024
