                          DOMINO'S PIZZA FRANCHISING LLC

                               DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT

       This Development Agreement (this "Agreement") is being entered into between
Domino's Pizza Franchising LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("we", "DPF" or "us" in
this Agreement), and                                                                    ("you" or
"Developer" in this Agreement). If you are a corporation, partnership, limited liability company
or other entity approved by us (the "Approved Entity"), the term "owners" in this Agreement
refers to the shareholders, affiliates, partners, members or other interest holders. Unless
otherwise approved by DPF, the term "Controlling Person" refers to the person who owns fifty-
one percent (51%) or more of the general partnership interest of such partnership, equity and
voting power of all classes of issued and outstanding capital stock of such corporation, the
membership interest of such limited liability company or the voting and ownership interests of
such other entity.

       This Agreement sets forth the understanding of DPF and Developer with respect to your
development of Domino's Pizza stores ("Store" or "Stores") in the area described in Section 1 of
this Agreement, which is as follows:

        1.     Grant of Development Rights. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, DPF
grants to you the exclusive right to develop Stores within the area described in Exhibit A to this
Agreement (the "Development Area"). Enclosed malls, institutions (such as hospitals), airports,
parks (including theme parks), sports arenas, convention centers and other facilities or venues
where events are scheduled are excluded from the Development Area.

        2.      Term of Agreement. The term of this Agreement shall commence on the
effective date of this Agreement and expire on          (the "Term").

         3.      Territorial Protection. During the Term, we agree that neither we nor our
affiliates will operate (directly or indirectly) or grant a franchise for the operation of a Store to
anyone else in the Development Area, provided that you: (a) timely meet the development
obligations set forth in Section 4 of this Agreement; and (b) otherwise comply with the
provisions of this Agreement.

       4.     Development Requirements. You agree to open the following number of Stores
during the Term by the dates set forth below:

                                                              Total Number of Stores
              By The Following Dates                         To Be Open and Operating




January 2023 DA
