                          (b)     the substitution or addition of new or improved equipment,
                   including safes, fixtures, furniture, and signs designated by us;

                           (c)    redecorating;

                           (d)    renovation of the interior and exterior of the premises and
                   restoration and resurfacing of parking facilities; and

                           (e)    structural modifications and remodeling of the premises.

        You will not be required to make aggregate expenditures for refurbishing of the Store in
excess of one and one half percent (1-1/2%) of the royalty sales of the Store from the date of its
opening to the date of any required refurbishing not to exceed the ten (10) year period prior to the
date of any such required refurbishing or, except in connection with a renewal of the franchise, to
effect any refurbishing of the Store during the last twelve (12) months of the initial term of the
franchise unless required to do so by the lease or other instrument or agreement for occupancy of
the premises of the Store.

        For purposes of this Section 9, the term equipment shall not include computer hardware or
other components of the Brand Technology (as defined in Section 15.9.1). Any additions,
substitutions, replacements or modifications to the Brand Technology shall be governed by the
provisions of Sections 15.9.1. and 15.9.2 of this Agreement.

10.      TRAINING.

        10.1       Initial Training.

        If you (or the Controlling Person if you are an Approved Entity) have not previously
opened either a Domino's Pizza Store you or the Controlling Person must enroll and complete all
training programs and classes which we require for the operation of the Store. These training
programs and classes will be furnished at such times and places as we designate. We have the
right to charge a reasonable training fee for these training programs or classes. All training
programs and classes must be completed to our satisfaction. You will be responsible for the travel,
living expenses and any other costs incurred during these training programs and classes.

        10.2       Training of Employees.

        You agree to implement a training program for employees of the Store and to be solely
responsible for training the employees to legally, safely and properly perform his or her duties
while inside the Store and while outside the Store for business purposes, including training your
employees to follow appropriate procedures for their safety and well being as well as the safety
and well-being of the public. You agree not to employ any person who fails or refuses to complete
your training programs or is unqualified to perform his or her duties in accordance with the
requirements established for the operation of a Store. You acknowledge and understand that
implementing a training program for employees of the Store and training your employees to follow
safe and proper procedures for the operation of the Store will remain your sole responsibility even
if, from time to time, you obtain advice, certifications or suggestions from us or our affiliates about
these topics. You further acknowledge and understand that it is not our responsibility or duty to

                                                   15
NTA – 04/01/2025
