compliance with the applicable agreement, regardless of who performs those services on DPF’s
behalf.

           All U.S. Domino’s Pizza trademarks and certain other intellectual property, including
substantially all intellectual property related to the operation of Domino’s Pizza stores in the
United States, are owned by Domino’s IP Holder LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("DP
IP Holder") and wholly-owned subsidiary of DPMI. In April 2007 DP IP Holder entered into
license agreements with DPF and DPMI for a term of 99 years authorizing these companies to use
and sublicense the use of the applicable trademarks and intellectual property in the operation of
their respective businesses.

          Domino’s Pizza Distribution LLC ("DPD"), a Delaware limited liability company and
wholly-owned subsidiary of DPMI, sells food products, ingredients, and other products to
Domino’s Pizza franchisees and company-owned stores located in the U.S. DPD purchases certain
products and items from DPL and certain other affiliated companies for resale to franchisees.

          Domino’s National Advertising Fund Inc. ("DNAF"), a not-for-profit corporation and a
wholly-owned subsidiary of DPL, administers the collections and expenditures of the Advertising
Fund. See Item 11. DPL also provides services to DNAF relating to the administration of
advertising funds.

       Domino’s GC Inc., a Florida corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of DPL, is in the
business of managing the Domino’s Pizza gift card program. Its principal business address is 30
Frank Lloyd Wright Drive, Ann Arbor, MI 48106-0997.

         Domino’s Pizza International Franchising Inc. ("DP International Franchising"), a
Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of DPMI, acts as franchisor in countries and
territories outside of the U.S. As of December 28, 2025, DP International Franchising (directly or
through its Master Franchisees) has granted 14,956 franchises.

        Domino’s Pizza International Franchising of Michigan LLC (“DP International
Franchising – Belarus”), a Michigan limited liability company and wholly-owned subsidiary of
DP International Franchising, acts as franchisor in Belarus. As of December 28, 2025, DP
International Franchising – Belarus has granted 35 franchises to or through its Master Franchisee.

           Various entities affiliated with Domino’s entered into several additional secured
financing transactions subsequent to the 2007 Securitization Transaction. However, there have
been no material changes to the structure of Domino’s and its affiliates described in this Item 1 as
a result of these subsequent transactions.

Franchise Offering

       We are in the business of franchising Domino’s Pizza Traditional Stores and Domino’s
Pizza Non-Traditional Stores. In certain of our branding campaigns, we may reference the brand
as “Domino’s”.


April 2026                                       2
