       1.     The following language is added to the table in Item 17 at the end of the Summary
Section of Provision (v) entitled Choice of Forum:

         Minn. Stat. 80C.21 and Minn. Rule Part 2860.4400(J) prohibit us from requiring
         litigation to be conducted outside Minnesota, requiring waiver of a jury trial, or
         requiring you to consent to liquidated damages, termination penalties or judgment
         notes. In addition, nothing in the Franchise Disclosure Document or agreement(s)
         can abrogate or reduce (1) any of your rights as provided for in Minn. Stat. 80C or
         (2) your rights to any procedure, forum, or remedies provided for by the laws of the
         jurisdiction.

    2.     The following language is hereby added to the table in Item 17 at the end of the
Summary Section of Provision (w) entitled Choice of Law:

         With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota law, DPF will comply with Minn.
         Stat. Sec. 80C.14 Subds. 3, 4 and 5 which require, except in certain specified cases,
         that: (a) you be given 90 days' notice of termination (with 60 days' to cure) and 180
         days' notice for non-renewal of the franchise agreement; and (b) we will not
         unreasonably withhold our consent to assignment, transfer, or sale of the franchise
         whenever the transferee meets the present qualifications and standards required of
         our franchisees within the Domino’s franchise system.

      3.           The following additional disclosures are added to the franchise disclosure
document:

             Minnesota considers it unfair to not protect the franchisee’s right to use the
             trademarks. See Minnesota Statute 80C.12 Subd. 1(G). We will protect your rights
             to use the trademarks, service marks, trade names, logotypes, or other commercial
             symbols or indemnify you from any loss, costs, or expenses arising out of any claim,
             suit, or demand regarding the use of the name.

             Any release required as a condition of renewal, sale and/or transfer/assignment will
             not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law with respect to claims arising
             under Minn. Rule 2860.4400D.

             Minn. Rule 2860.4400(J) provides that you cannot be required to consent to our
             obtaining injunctive relief. We may seek injunctive relief. Also, a court will
             determine if a bond is required.

             No action may be commenced pursuant to Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.17, Subd. 5. more
             than 3 years after the cause of action accrues.

             With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota law, we will comply with Minn.
             Stat. Sec. 604.113, which puts a cap of $30 on service charges.

             No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by you in
             connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the
             effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including
             fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by us,
             any franchise seller, or any other person acting on our behalf. This provision

April 2026                                           84
