      shall be damaged by fire or other casualty during the term hereof so as to render the Premises, including any
      common area, untenantable, Landlord shall promptly restore the same to their previous condition, and a just
      proportion of the rent, according to the extent to which the Premises and any common areas have been rendered
      untenantable, shall abate until the Premises shall have been restored and put in proper condition for use and occupancy
      by Tenant. However, per terms of tenant’s FA with Franchisor that require that a closed store be re-opened within one
      hundred eighty (180) days of the casualty, if the damaged Premises cannot be made tenantable within one hundred
      twenty (120) days after the occurrence of such damage, for reasons including, but not limited to, insurance issues,
      building and permitting issues and construction delays, Tenant may terminate this Lease forthwith upon thirty (30) days’
      written notice thereof delivered to Landlord and any rent paid in advance of such termination by Tenant shall forthwith
      be refunded to it. If any authority having jurisdiction thereof shall determine that the Premises or any building of which
      the Premises are a part should be demolished and removed because of damage, this Lease shall terminate within 30
      days of receiving notice of same and any rent paid in advance of such determination by Tenant shall be refunded to it.

      10. De-identification. Landlord acknowledges that Tenant is entering the Lease to operate a Domino’s Pizza franchise,
      as an independent business entity. Tenant is required upon termination or expiration of the Lease, or upon termination
      or expiration of the Franchise Agreement, that Tenant shall, at Tenant’s sole expense, and within ten (10) business days,
      make such reasonable modifications to the exterior and interior of the Leased Premises (including interior and exterior
      signage, menu boards, job aids, product photos, and the like) as is necessary or useful to fully eliminate all identification
      and appearance as a Domino’s Store.

      If Tenant fails or refuses to timely and fully de-identify the Leased Premises to the extent and in the time and manner
      required by the foregoing paragraph of this Rider to Lease, Domino’s Pizza LLC may, at its sole option and in addition
      to other rights and remedies it may have, make said modifications on Tenant’s behalf, so long as Domino’s contacts
      Landlord prior to commencing any activity to do so, and both parties enter into a reasonable written agreement to be
      executed of the scope of work to be done, the timing and conditions related to said work, access to the Premises and
      indemnifications as needed. Whether it is Domino’s or Landlord that ultimately does the de-identification of the space
      due to Tenant’s failure to do so, all expenses incurred in the activity shall be the responsibility of the Tenant. The foregoing
      shall not give Landlord or any other entity additional rights to require the restoration or repair of the Leased Premises
      beyond that which is agreed to between Landlord and Tenant. Landlord acknowledges that Domino’s Pizza LLC will
      not be required to make any repairs, restorations, or de-identifications of the Lease Premises unless it exercises its option
      to make said modifications.

      11. Payment of Rent. Notwithstanding anything in the Lease to the contrary Tenant and Landlord acknowledge that
      Tenant's rent or lease obligations shall not be determined based upon Tenant's sales.

      IN WITNESS, WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Rider on or as of the date first above written.

     LANDLORD:                                                            TENANT:


     Print “Company Name” Above                                           Print “Company Name” Above



     By:       Signature                                                  By:       Signature



               (Print “Name” Above)                                                 (Print “Name” Above)



     Its:      (Print “Title” Above)                                      Its:      (Print “Title” Above)




                                                                                                                                     3
Lease Policy and Rider – March 2022
