                           (e)    complete the construction and/or remodeling, equipment, fixture,
                   furniture and sign installation and decorating of the Store in full and strict
                   compliance with plans and specifications approved by us and all applicable
                   ordinances, building codes, permit and lease or occupancy requirements; and,

                          (f)    obtain all customary contractors' sworn statements and partial and
                   final waivers of lien for construction, remodeling, decorating and installation
                   services.

        8.2        Equipment, Fixtures, Furniture and Signs.

        We will provide you with specifications for pizza, other authorized food and beverage
preparation, dispensing, storage and display equipment, other equipment, fixtures, furniture,
exterior and interior signs and decorating that we require you to use or install in the Store. We
may specify brands, types or models for any of these items. You may purchase items meeting our
specifications from any source unless we designate an approved source or sources for any of these
items. If you propose to purchase or lease items not previously approved by us as meeting our
specifications or from a vendor not approved by us, you must first notify us and we may require
submission of sufficient specifications, photographs, drawings and/or other information and
samples to determine whether any such item or supplier meets our specifications or our approved
vendor criteria. We will advise you within a reasonable time whether any proposed item or vendor
meets our specifications or our approved vendor criteria. You agree to use only such items that
meet our specifications in the operation of the Store and to purchase them from approved vendors,
if we so require. You understand, however, that we or our affiliates or an approved vendor may
be the only source for some of these items and that we may otherwise limit the number of approved
vendors. We reserve the right to charge you for our reasonable expenses in testing and/or
evaluating any proposed item or vendor submitted by you.

        8.3        Store Opening.

        You agree to complete development of the Store and have the Store ready to open within
a reasonable time after obtaining possession of the site for the Store and in accordance with the
lease or other agreement for occupancy of the premises. If you do not open the Store within six
(6) months from the effective date of this Agreement, we will have the option to terminate this
Agreement upon the giving of written notice to you.

9.       STORE REFURBISHING.

        You have an obligation to maintain the Store in a manner which contributes positively to
the then current image of the Domino's Pizza brand. You agree to refurbish the Store (in addition
to regular maintenance and repair), within six (6) months of receipt of written notice from us, as
we may from time to time require to maintain or improve the appearance and efficient operation
of the Store, to increase its sales potential or to comply with our then current standards, image or
identity. Refurbishing may include:

                          (a)    replacement of worn out or obsolete equipment, fixtures, furniture
                   and signs;


                                                  14
NTA – 04/01/2025
