       The current cost estimate per store for the hardware and software required, including
payments due DPL, is $15,000 to $25,000 (other installation and service fees may apply). The
current estimated cost per store for required maintenance and support contracts, third party
software license fees, and upgrades or updates should not exceed $7,000.00 annually. This
estimated cost covers the annual enhancement fee, system support services, third party license fees
and software upgrades and maintenance, including help desk and support.

        DPL is the only approved source for the Domino’s PULSE software and you must acquire
a license from DPL to use that software (Exhibit J). In connection with the Domino’s PULSE
License Agreement you will also be required to sign a Participation Agreement with Microsoft
(Attachment C to Exhibit J) which is a sublicense of certain Microsoft software that is part of
Domino’s PULSE.

        As noted in Item 8, you have an obligation to make additions, substitutions, replacements
and modifications to the Brand Technology. You will not, however, be required to make aggregate
expenditures for any additions, substitutions, replacements or modifications to the Brand
Technology in excess of one and one half percent (1 ½ %) of the Royalty Sales of the Store from
the date of its opening to the date we require you to make any additions, substitutions, replacements
or modifications to the Brand Technology, not to exceed the ten (10) year period prior to the date
we require you to make any additions, substitutions, replacements or modifications to the Brand
Technology or, except in connection with a renewal of the franchise to make any additions,
substitutions, replacements or modifications to the Brand Technology during the last twelve (12)
months of the initial term of the franchise. This limitation shall not apply to our right to require
that you acquire and install the Domino’s PULSE store computer system or other components of
the Brand Technology upon execution of the franchise agreement nor shall the provisions of any
prior franchise agreement governing the operation of the Store restrict our right to require that you
acquire and install the Domino’s PULSE store computer system or other components of the Brand
Technology under the terms of the franchise agreement.

        We and our affiliates will have independent access to the computer data and equipment
containing the information, records and reports required by the Franchise Agreement. There are
no contractual limitations on our right to access this information. (Franchise Agreement – Sections
9, 14).

        As noted in Items 6, 7, and 8, we may develop or contract with third parties to develop
Additional Order Systems. These may become mandatory at any time during the term of this
Agreement and may require you to spend money to add or replace equipment, wiring, hardware
and software; to pay licensing fees, support and maintenance fees, fees paid to third parties; to
incur other costs, and to sign agreements with third parties. You currently must participate in an
Additional Order System provided by a designated third-party vendor. To the extent these
products and services are owned by us or provided to you by us, we may charge up front and/or
ongoing fees that may be included as part of the Technology Transaction Fee. However, to the
extent all the direct and indirect costs to develop, test and implement an Additional Order System
are paid from other sources, then such up-front and ongoing fees charged by us would be intended
only to cover our ongoing expenses, including direct costs and reasonable allocations. Regardless
of the sources of funds to develop any Additional Order System we shall be the sole owner of all

April 2026                                       39
