the Ayers, Joshi, Kassner, and Chu Derivative Lawsuits, the “Derivative Lawsuits”). On
January 30, 2025, March 12, 2025, April 1, 2025, August 8, 2025, and February 12, 2026,
respectively, the plaintiffs in the Derivative Lawsuits filed complaints derivatively on behalf of
nominal defendant Domino’s, against the company’s directors and certain executive officers of
Domino’s, including Weiner and Reddy (together with the other directors of Domino’s, the
“Individual Defendants”). The derivative actions are follow-on lawsuits arising from the
allegations made in the Rhode Island securities action and allege, among other things, breaches of
fiduciary duties owed to Domino’s, and that the Individual Defendants were unjustly enriched by
breaching their fiduciary duties. The Derivative Lawsuits further allege that Weiner engaged in
unlawful insider trading before non-public information could be publicly disclosed. The Chu and
Walker Derivative Lawsuits both allege that Jordan also engaged in unlawful insider trading before
non-public information could be disclosed, and the Walker Derivative Lawsuit further alleges that
D’Elia engaged in unlawful insider trading before non-public information could be disclosed. The
Joshi Derivative Lawsuit also alleges that, should Domino’s be found liable for violations of
federal securities laws on account of Weiner’s and Reddy’s alleged actions, both Weiner and
Reddy are liable to Domino’s for contribution under the Exchange Act. The Walker Derivative
Lawsuit separately alleges that, should Domino’s be found liable for violations of federal securities
laws on account of Weiner’s, Reddy’s, Jordan’s and D’Elia’s alleged actions, each individual
should be liable to Domino’s for contribution under the Exchange Act. The plaintiffs in the
Derivative Lawsuits seek damages in unspecified amounts from the Individual Defendants,
restitution from the Individual Defendants, and disgorgement of all profits, benefits, and other
compensation obtained by the Individual Defendants, as well as costs and disbursements incurred
in the lawsuits, including reasonable attorneys’, accountants’, and experts’ fees. The Derivative
Lawsuits have been stayed pending the outcome of a motion to dismiss the Defendants have filed
in the Rhode Island securities action. The Ayers, Joshi, and Walker Derivative Actions have been
consolidated. Defendants intend to vigorously defend against these claims.

       Additionally, DPL has been named as a defendant in several labor and employment
lawsuits brought by employees of our franchisees, alleging that we are joint employers with our
franchisees. These lawsuits allege employment and wage and hour violations. We strongly
disagree with the joint employment allegations and intend to vigorously defend these actions.

Concluded Actions

             No other actions are required to be disclosed in this Item.

Actions Commenced Against Franchisees During Last Fiscal Year

             No other actions are required to be disclosed in this Item.



                                                Item 4: Bankruptcy

             No bankruptcy is required to be disclosed in this Item.



April 2026                                            11
