Technology, including sales figures. There are no contractual limitations on our right or timing to
access this information and data.

        Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, we reserve the right to require you to
acquire, install and continuously use the Domino's PULSE store computer system and to obtain a
license to use the software from us or our affiliate by signing our standard license agreement and
to acquire hardware approved by us from a vendor or vendors which we designate. We also reserve
the right to require you to participate in online ordering by entering into an agreement with an
approved online ordering service company that we designate. You will be responsible for the fees
and charges associated with your use of online ordering and the requisite internet usage and
connections, including the fees charged by the service provider. We may also require that you
continuously maintain high speed broadband connectivity, where available and to charge you a
reasonable fee if you do not maintain high speed broadband connectivity, which you agree to pay
on demand.

        You acknowledge and agree that changes to technology are dynamic and not predictable
within the term of this Agreement. In order to provide for inevitable but unpredictable changes to
technological needs and opportunities, you agree that we shall have the right to establish, in
writing, reasonable new standards for the implementation of technology in the Domino's System;
and you agree to abide by and fully adopt and implement those reasonable new standards
established by us as if this Section 15.9.1 were periodically revised by it for that purpose.

                   15.9.2 Aggregate Expenditures for Brand Technology.

        You will not be required to make aggregate expenditures for any additions, substitutions,
replacements or modifications to the Brand Technology in excess of one and one half percent (1
½ %) of the royalty sales of the Store from the date of its opening to the date we require you to
make any additions, substitutions, replacements or modifications to the Brand Technology not to
exceed the ten (10) year period prior to the date we require you to make any additions,
substitutions, replacements or modifications to the Brand Technology or, except in connection
with a renewal of the franchise to make any additions, substitutions, replacements or modifications
to the Brand Technology during the last twelve (12) months of the initial term of the franchise.
This limitation shall not apply to our right to require that you acquire and install the Domino's
PULSE store computer system or other components of the Brand Technology upon execution of
this Agreement nor shall the provisions of any prior franchise agreement governing the operation
of the Store restrict our right to require that you acquire and install the Domino's PULSE store
computer system or other components of the Brand Technology under the terms of this Agreement.

                   15.9.3 Domino's PULSE and Other Computer and Technology Training.

        If you (or the Controlling Person if you are an Approved Entity) have not installed and
used Domino's PULSE, or any other computer system or technology that we require, in a Domino's
Pizza store, you (or the Controlling Person) must enroll in and complete all training programs and
classes which we require for the operation of Domino's PULSE, or any other computer system or
technology. These training programs and classes will be furnished at such times and places as
designated by us or the entity or entities that we approve to provide the training. We may furnish


                                                28
NTA – 04/01/2025
