                                    Domino’s Pizza Help Desk Services Agreement

This Help Desk Services Agreement (this “Agreement”), dated             , 20           , is by and between Domino’s
Pizza LLC (“Domino’s”) and                                  (“Franchisee”).

WHEREAS, Domino’s has agreed to offer help desk services via a toll-free telephone number and online chat (the
“Services”) for Domino’s Pizza franchisees who own Domino’s Pizza stores (each a “Store” and collectively, the
“Stores”) operating the Domino’s PULSE computer system. The Services shall include assistance with Domino’s
PULSE problem resolution, answering of questions and general assistance in Domino’s PULSE use.


WHEREAS, Franchisee desires to have the Stores listed on Exhibit A, as may be updated from time to time, receive
the Services according to the terms of this Agreement and the rules, standards and policies set from time to time
related to the Services.


NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, the mutual promises contained herein, and other good and
valuable consideration, receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

1. Term; Termination
1.1 The term of the Agreement shall commence upon acceptance of this Agreement by Domino’s at its offices in Ann
Arbor, Michigan, and shall remain in force for a period of one (1) year (the “Original Term”), except as otherwise
stated. At the end of the Original Term, this Agreement shall automatically renew for successive one (1) year terms
(each, a “Renewal Term” and collectively with the Original Term, the “Term”), unless cancelled by either party by
giving not less than sixty (60) days’ written notice prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or a Renewal Term, as the
case may be.

1.2 Either party may terminate this Agreement in the event of any breach by the other party which breach is not cured
within thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice of such breach. If Franchisee terminates the Agreement due to
the breach of Domino’s to comply with the Service Level Agreements set forth in Section 2.8 below, Franchisee is
entitled to reimbursement equal to the Fees paid by Franchisee for any remaining unused incidents.

 1.3 Domino’s may terminate the Agreement: (i) at any time on forty-five (45) day written notice to Franchisee; or (ii) in
the event of nonpayment by Franchisee if such breach is not cured within ten (10) days after receipt of written notice.

1.4 Franchisee may terminate this Agreement at any time upon forty-five (45) day written notice to Domino’s.

1.5 This Agreement shall terminate immediately upon (a) Franchisee’s bankruptcy or insolvency; (b) the
cessation of Franchisee’s business operations as a Domino’s Pizza franchisee or the termination or non-
renewal of the Standard Franchise Agreement for the Store; or (c) the cessation of Franchisee’s use of the
Domino’s PULSE system.

1.6 Franchisee may assign this Agreement to a purchaser of the Stores who has entered into a Standard Franchise
Agreement with Domino’s and agrees to be bound by the terms hereof. Franchisee shall provide Domino’s with
written notification that this Agreement has been assigned.

2. Fees and Charges; Invoices and Payment The fees for the Services (the “Fees”) are stated in United States
dollars and are assessed per incident at the rates as follows and are subject to change at any time with sixty
(60) days’ prior written notice to Franchisee:

Incident Type                    Per Incident Fee
              Call                          44.00
              Chat                          28.00
