implement a training program for your employees, nor do we have the responsibility or duty to
instruct your employees about matters of safety and security in or around the Store or on the way
to or from the Store. By providing advice, certifications or suggestions, we do not assume any of
your responsibilities or duties.

        10.3       Additional Training.

        We may also, at our option, require you (or the Controlling Person if you are an Approved
Entity) to attend supplemental or additional training programs which may be offered from time to
time by us or our affiliates during the term of the franchise. The fee for such training shall range
from between One Hundred Dollars ($100.00) and Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00) per training
class. You will be responsible for the reasonable costs of such programs and for the travel and
living expenses and any other costs incurred during these programs. You must complete this
supplemental or additional training within one (1) year of the time in which it is originally offered
by us or our affiliates.

11.      OPERATING ASSISTANCE.

        11.1       Advice and Guidance.

        We will furnish you with such reasonable operating assistance as we determine from time
to time to be necessary for the operation of the Store. Operating assistance will include advice and
guidance regarding:

                          (a)    methods of pizza, other authorized food and beverage preparation,
                   packaging and sale; and

                          (b)     the establishment of administrative, bookkeeping, accounting,
                   inventory control and general operating procedures.

        You acknowledge and understand that it is not our responsibility or duty to operate the
Store and we do not have the legal right to direct your employees in the operation of the Store.
Those functions remain your sole responsibility and duty. Further, you understand that the
assistance provided to you under this Section 11 does not obligate us to provide the accounting,
bookkeeping, administrative, inventory control or marketing services required for the operation of
the Store or to otherwise operate the Store. By providing advice or suggestions, we do not assume
any of your responsibilities or duties.

        11.2       Operating Problems.

        We will advise you from time to time of operating problems of the Store disclosed by
reports submitted to or inspections made by us or our designee. We will make no separate charge
for operating or marketing assistance except that we may make reasonable charges for forms and
other materials supplied to you and for operating assistance made necessary in our judgment as a
result of your failure to comply with any provision of this Agreement or for operating assistance
requested by you in excess of that normally provided by us. By providing advice, certifications or
suggestions, we do not assume any of your responsibilities or duties.


                                                  16
NTA – 04/01/2025
