                 How to Use This Franchise Disclosure Document
Here are some questions you may be asking about buying a franchise and tips on how to
find more information:

             QUESTION                    WHERE TO FIND INFORMATION

 How much can I earn?              Item 19 may give you information about outlet
                                   sales, costs, profits or losses. You should also try
                                   to obtain this information from others, like current
                                   and former franchisees. You can find their names
                                   and contact information in Item 20 or Exhibit B.

 How much will I need to invest? Items 5 and 6 list fees you will be paying to the
                                 franchisor or at the franchisor’s direction; Item 7
                                 lists the initial investment to open, and Item 8
                                 describes the suppliers you must use.

 Does the franchisor have the Exhibits C and D include financial statements.
 financial ability to provide Review these statements carefully.
 support to my business?

 Is the franchise system stable, Item 20 summarizes the recent history of the
 growing, or shrinking?          number of company-owned and franchised outlets.

 Will my business be the only Item 12 and the “territory” provisions in the
 Domino’s Pizza business in my franchise agreement describe whether the
 area?                         franchisor and other franchisees can compete with
                               you.

 Does the franchisor have a Items 3 and 4 tell you whether the franchisor or its
 troubled legal history?    management have been involved in material
                            litigation or bankruptcy proceedings.


 What’s it like to be a Domino’s Exhibit B lists current and former franchisees. You
 Pizza franchisee?               can contact them to ask about their experiences.


 What else should I know?          These questions are only a few things you should
                                   look for. Review all 23 Items and all Exhibits in this
                                   disclosure document to better understand this
                                   franchise opportunity. See the table of contents.



April 2026
