the Account to pay royalty fees and advertising contributions will be based on the Store's royalty
sales reported to us. If you have not reported royalty sales of the Store to us for any reporting
period, we will be authorized to debit the Account in an amount equal to the royalty fee transferred
from the Account for the last reporting period for which a report of the royalty sales of the Store
was provided to us. If at any time we determine that you have under-reported the royalty sales of
the Store or underpaid royalty fees or advertising contributions due us under this Agreement, we
will be authorized to initiate immediately a debit to the Account in the appropriate amount in
accordance with the foregoing procedure, including interest as provided for in this Agreement. An
overpayment will be credited to the Account through a credit effective as of the first reporting date
after we and you determine that such credit is due. Our use of electronic funds transfers as a
method of collecting royalty fees and advertising contributions due us does not constitute a waiver
of any of your obligations to provide us with weekly sales reports as provided in Section 14.2 nor
shall it be deemed a waiver of any of the rights and remedies available to us under this Agreement.
If, for any reason other than your fault or neglect, the electronic funds transfer program in which
we require you to participate is not functioning so as to allow you to pay the amounts due under
this Agreement to us, you may seek permission from us to make payment by mail for the period
of time that the electronic funds transfer system is not functioning. If we grant permission for you
to make payment by mail, we will specify the day by which payment must be postmarked and paid
for any week on royalty sales for the week ending on the preceding Sunday.

        6.5        Application of Payments.

        When we receive a payment from you, we have the right in our sole discretion to apply it
as we see fit to any past due indebtedness of yours due to us or our affiliates, whether for royalties,
advertising contributions, purchases, interest, or for any other reason, regardless of how you may
designate a particular payment to be applied. In addition, we may offset any amount otherwise
due under any discount or rebate program against any amount owed to us.

7.       STORE LOCATION.

         7.1       Location and Use.

        You may operate the Store only at the location specified in Section 2.1 and you may not
relocate the Store except with our prior written consent. The Store may only be used for the
operation of a Domino's Pizza Store and other related activities approved by us in writing. You
shall not allow the premises of the Store to be used for any purpose which in our judgment,
adversely affects the reputation of the Store or the goodwill associated with the Marks or involves
dishonesty, fraud, deceit, illegal conduct, misrepresentation, or moral turpitude.

         7.2       Relocation; Damage, or Condemnation.

        In the event the Store is destroyed or rendered unusable, we may grant permission for the
Store to be repaired, restored or reconstructed at the existing location or any other agreed upon
location. Any repair, restoration, reconstruction or relocation will be at your sole expense. The
Store, whether we grant permission for you to repair, restore, reconstruct or relocate, must be open
and operating no later than six (6) months after its closure. In addition, within ten (10) days of
vacating the Store premises, you must make such reasonable modifications to the exterior and


                                                  12
SFA – 07/31/2024
