the sole supplier of all or any part of the Brand Technology. You may use only such items and
services as we specify in connection with the Brand Technology. We may require that you enter
into a license exclusively with us or our affiliates to use proprietary software developed by or for
us. You may also be required to enter into agreements with others for use of third party software
incorporated or used in connection with the Brand Technology. Our modification of such
specifications or components for the Brand Technology may require you to incur costs to purchase,
lease and/or license new or modified computer hardware and/or software and to obtain service and
support for the Brand Technology during the term of the Franchise Agreement. The cost to you
of obtaining the Brand Technology (including software licenses) (or additions, substitutions,
replacements or modifications thereto) may not be fully amortizable over the remaining term of
the Franchise Agreement. You must incur such costs in connection with obtaining the computer
hardware and software comprising the Brand Technology (or additions, substitutions,
replacements or modifications to the Brand Technology), provided you will not be required to
make aggregate expenditures for any additions, substitutions, replacements or modifications to the
Brand Technology in excess of one and one half percent (1 ½ %) of the Royalty Sales of the Store
from the date of its opening to the date we require you to make any additions, substitutions,
replacements or modifications to the Brand Technology not to exceed the ten (10) year period prior
to the date we require you to make any additions, substitutions, replacements or modifications to
the Brand Technology or, except in connection with a renewal of the franchise, to make any
additions, substitutions, replacements or modifications to the Brand Technology during the last
twelve (12) months of the initial term of the franchise. We have the right to charge reasonable
fees for software or systems modifications and enhancements specifically made for us that are
licensed to you and other maintenance and support services that we or our affiliates furnish to you
related to the Brand Technology. You may also incur charges from third parties who render
services or provide products that we require you to purchase or use. We shall have independent
access to data on your Brand Technology, including sales figures. There are no contractual
limitations on our right to access this information and data.

        Our affiliate, DPL, is the only approved supplier of the Domino’s PULSE software used in
Domino’s Pizza stores (see Item 11 for additional information about Domino’s PULSE). Any
Domino’s PULSE hardware and/or agreement for support and maintenance of the computer
hardware must be acquired through a vendor or supplier approved by us. Currently Getronics is
the approved vendor for the purchase of new hardware. DPL provides help desk services. There
are currently no third party vendors for help desk services. Getronics is the approved hardware
warranty and service vendor. At the time you acquire the Domino’s PULSE system, you will also
be required to enter into an agreement for help desk support and maintenance with DPL during the
term of the Domino’s PULSE Software License Agreement. We reserve the right to offer help
desk and support services and to charge a fee for these services. In connection with the Domino’s
PULSE License Agreement you will also be required to sign a Participation Agreement with
Microsoft which is a sublicense of certain Microsoft software that is part of Domino’s PULSE.
The Microsoft Participation Agreement is Attachment C to the Domino’s PULSE Software
License Agreement (Please see Exhibit J to this disclosure document). Help desk and support
services providers may also require you to sign an agreement for their services.

      You will be required to enter into a Domino’s Pizza Online Ordering Franchisee Services
Agreement with DPL, the form attached as Exhibit O, for online ordering services. You will be

April 2026                                       25
