        Disaggregation of Revenue

               Current accounting standards require that companies disaggregate revenue from contracts with
         customers into categories that depict how the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and
         cash flows are affected by economic factors. $2.0 million, $1.8 million and $1.8 million of the
         Company’s royalties and fees revenues were derived from the American Territories in 2025, 2024 and
         2023, respectively.

        Use of Estimates

               The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
         in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
         amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
         financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.
         Actual results could differ from those estimates.

        New Accounting Pronouncements

              The Company has considered all new accounting pronouncements issued by the Financial
         Accounting Standards Board. There are no accounting pronouncements issued that are expected to have a
         material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.

        Subsequent Events

               The Company evaluated subsequent events occurring after December 28, 2025 through the date the
         consolidated financial statements were available to be issued on March 23, 2026. Based on this
         evaluation, the Company determined there were no subsequent events that required recognition or
         disclosure.

(2) Taxation

               The Company is a single member limited liability company and is treated as a disregarded entity for
         federal and state income tax purposes and therefore does not record an allocation of income taxes paid by
         the Parent in its consolidated financial statements. The provision for taxes reflected in these consolidated
         statements primarily represents non-resident withholding taxes incurred by the Company. The Company
         recorded total non-resident withholding tax expense of $0.5 million in 2025 and $0.4 million in each of
         2024 and 2023.

               As required by authoritative accounting guidance, the Company recognizes the financial statement
         benefit of a tax position only after determining that the relevant tax authority would more likely than not
         sustain the position following an audit. For tax positions meeting the “more likely than not” threshold,
         the amount recognized in the consolidated financial statements is the largest benefit that has a greater
         than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the relevant tax authority.




                                                         -8-
