         state, coverage may be purchased on this basis subject to the requirements of your
         insurance carrier.

        All liability insurance policies must name us, and any subsidiaries and affiliates which we
designate, as additional insureds entitled to the coverage afforded to all named insureds, without
regard to any other insurance or self-insured program which we or our affiliates or subsidiaries
may have in effect, and also provide that we receive thirty (30) days prior written notice of
termination, expiration, cancellation, modification or reduction in coverage or limits of any such
policy. The terms and conditions of all such policies, including the amount of any deductibles,
shall be consistent with the requirements prescribed from time to time by us. You agree to promptly
pay when requested by the insurer the amount of the deductible applicable to, and in the event of,
any covered loss.

        All insurance policies (excluding workers' compensation policies) must be issued by an
insurance carrier rated B+ or better by Alfred M. Best & Company, Inc. or meeting such other
rating or criteria we may establish from time to time. We may also reasonably increase the
minimum liability "limit" protection requirement annually and require different or additional kinds
of insurance to reflect inflation, changes in standards of liability, higher damage awards in public,
product or motor vehicle litigation or other relevant changes in circumstances. You must submit
to us annually a copy of the certificate of insurance or evidence of the renewal or extension of each
such insurance policy or any modifications to any such insurance policies, which must describe
the applicable deductibles for each such policy. If at any time you fail or refuse to maintain in
effect any insurance coverage required by us, or to furnish satisfactory evidence of such insurance,
we may, at our option and in addition to other rights and remedies we may have, obtain insurance
coverage, on your behalf, and you agree to promptly execute any applications or other forms or
instruments required to obtain any such insurance and pay to us on demand any costs and premiums
incurred by us. Your obligation to obtain and maintain the insurance described in this Agreement
shall not be limited in any way by reason of any insurance maintained by us.

         15.8      Identification as Franchisee.

        You agree to exhibit (a) on the Store premises and (b) on all delivery vehicles (or on car
top signs on all delivery vehicles) signs of sufficient prominence and wording as we may prescribe
from time to time so as to advise the public that the Store is owned, operated and maintained by
you and that each such delivery vehicle is owned, operated and maintained by you or the driver of
the vehicle, as the case may be. All business cards, letterheads and other business materials shall
clearly identify that you are the owner of the Store in accordance with the rules or policies we may
establish from time to time in the Operating Manual or otherwise in writing. In addition, subject
to rules and policies that may be established from time to time, all local advertising, including
yellow page listings and advertisements that are placed by you or on your behalf, and which do
not contain phone numbers or addresses that are associated with stores that we own or operate,
shall either indicate that you are the owner of the store or stores in the print material, or that the
store or stores are locally owned and operated.




                                                   27
SFA – 07/31/2024
