12.      STORE PRODUCTS.

        12.1       Store Menu.

        You agree that you will offer for sale and sell at the Store for final consumption and not
for resale, all pizza, other authorized food and beverage products that we from time to time
authorize; provided, however, you may offer for resale authorized products for certain programs
approved by us. Such approval will not be unreasonably withheld and the decision to approve
shall be based upon: (i) quality assurance; (ii) brand image; (iii) and such other factors as we
determine. You also agree that you will not offer for sale or sell at the Store any other products or
services.

        12.2       Pizza Ingredients, Supplies and Materials.

        All pizza and other food ingredients, beverage products, cooking materials, containers,
packaging materials, other paper and plastic products, utensils, uniforms, menus, forms, cleaning
and sanitation materials and other supplies and materials used in the operation of the Store must
conform to the specifications and quality standards established by us from time to time. You must
use in the operation of the Store, boxes, containers and other paper or plastic products imprinted
with the Marks as prescribed from time to time by us. We may in our sole discretion require that
ingredients, supplies and materials used in the storage, preparation, packaging, and delivery of
pizza and other authorized food products be purchased exclusively from us, our affiliates or from
approved suppliers or distributors. You agree to request delivery of food products to the Store in
quantities and in a manner that is consistent with policies prescribed from time to time by us. Any
ingredient, supply or material not previously approved by us as conforming to our specifications
and quality standards must be submitted for examination and/or testing prior to use. We reserve
the right from time to time to examine the facilities of any approved supplier or distributor,
including the commissary operated by you, if any, and to conduct reasonable testing and inspection
of the ingredients, materials or supplies to determine whether they meet our standards and
specifications. We also reserve the right to charge fees for testing and evaluating proposed
suppliers or distributors and examining and inspecting commissary operations and to impose
reasonable limitations on the number of approved suppliers or distributors of any product.
Approval of a supplier or distributor may be conditioned on requirements relating to frequency of
delivery and standards of service including prompt attention to complaints and the ability to service
and supply Stores within areas designated by us.

13.      ADVERTISING AND PROMOTION.

        13.1       By DPF.

        We or our designee will from time to time formulate, develop, produce and conduct
advertising and promotional programs in the form and media as we or our designee determines to
be most effective. You agree to participate in all national and local and regional advertising and
promotions as we determine to be appropriate for the benefit of the Domino's Pizza System. We
reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to determine the composition of all geographic territories
and market areas for the development and implementation of advertising and promotion programs.
All costs of the formulation, development and production of any such advertising and promotion


                                                  17
NTA – 04/01/2025
