approved by us as meeting our specifications or from a vendor not approved by us, you must first
notify us and we may require submission of sufficient specifications, photographs, drawings and/or
other information and samples to determine whether any such item or supplier meets our
specifications or our approved vendor criteria. We will advise you within a reasonable time
whether any proposed item or vendor meets our specifications or our approved vendor criteria.
You agree to use only such items that meet our specifications in the operation of the Store and to
purchase them from approved vendors, if we so require. You understand, however, that we or our
affiliates or an approved vendor may be the only source for some of these items and that we may
otherwise limit the number of approved vendors. We reserve the right to charge you for our
reasonable expenses in testing and/or evaluating any proposed item or vendor submitted by you.

         8.3       Store Opening.

       You agree to complete development of the Store and have the Store ready to open within
a reasonable time after obtaining possession of the site for the Store. If you do not open the Store
within six (6) months from the effective date of this Agreement, we will have the option to
terminate this Agreement upon the giving of written notice to you.

9.       STORE REFURBISHING.

        You have an obligation to maintain the Store in a manner which contributes positively to
the then current image of the Domino's Pizza brand. You agree to refurbish the Store (in addition
to regular maintenance and repair), within six (6) months of receipt of written notice from us, as
we may from time to time require to maintain or improve the appearance and efficient operation
of the Store, to increase its sales potential or to comply with our then current standards, image or
identity. Refurbishing may include:

                   (a)   replacement of worn out or obsolete equipment, fixtures, furniture and
         signs;

                 (b)     the substitution or addition of new or improved equipment, including safes,
         fixtures, furniture, and signs, designated by us;

                   (c)   redecorating;

                 (d)    renovation of the interior and exterior of the premises and restoration and
         resurfacing of parking facilities; and

                   (e)   structural modifications and remodeling of the premises.

        You will not be required to make aggregate expenditures for refurbishing of the Store in
excess of one and one half percent (1 ½ %) of the royalty sales of the Store from the date of its
opening to the date of any required refurbishing not to exceed the ten (10) year period prior to the
date of any such required refurbishing or, except in connection with a renewal of the franchise, to
effect any refurbishing of the Store during the last twelve (12) months of the initial term of the
franchise.



                                                 15
SFA – 07/31/2024
