Upon payment in full of all sums due and owing Seller hereunder and upon full and faithful performance of
all the terms of this Agreement by the Buyer on its part to be performed, Seller shall execute and deliver to
Buyer a Bill of Sale in the form of Exhibit F, evidencing conveyance of the Assets to Buyer.
XXI.       Severability
Seller and Buyer agree that if any provision of this Agreement is capable of two constructions, one of which
would render the provision illegal or otherwise voidable or unenforceable and the other of which would
render the provision valid and enforceable, such provision shall have the meaning that renders it valid and
enforceable. The language of all provisions of this Agreement shall be construed simply according to its
fair meaning and not strictly against Buyer or Seller. It is the desire and intent of Buyer and Seller that the
provisions of this Agreement be enforced to the fullest extent permissible under the laws and public policies
in force. If any provision is nonetheless held to be void or unenforceable, all of the others shall remain in
full force and effect.
XXII.     Confirmation of Prior Acts or Performance
In the event that any act or performance required by the parties hereto has occurred prior to the date of
execution of this Agreement, all of the same are hereby agreed to and ratified as being in performance
hereof.
XXIII. Headings
The headings of each article are for the convenience of the parties only, are not part of this Agreement, and
shall not be considered when interpreting or enforcing the terms of this Agreement.
XXIV. Proof of Proper Insurance Coverage
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, it is expressly agreed between the parties that this
sale is contingent upon Buyer obtaining and maintaining proper insurance coverage for all aspects of the
operation of the Stores in compliance with the Franchise Agreements and the real estate leases for the
premises where the Stores are located, effective on or before Closing. Buyer agrees to furnish Seller with
proof of such insurance coverage at or prior to Closing. The provisions of this article shall survive the
closing. Nothing set forth in this Article shall limit any other right or remedy granted Seller.
XXV.      Confidentiality
Buyer and ________each agree to keep the terms of this Agreement confidential and to maintain this
confidentiality after Closing. Information regarding this transaction may be released if required by law.
Buyer and _________ may discuss this transaction with Buyer’s accountant, attorney, lender and insurance
agent on a need-to-know basis provided those persons are informed of this confidentiality provision and
agree to keep the terms confidential.
XXVI. Continued Operation
Buyer shall be responsible for transferring or obtaining new any business licenses and permits and taking
any other action necessary for the continued operation of the Stores. Any additional expense or
improvements required to continue operation of the Stores shall be the responsibility of Buyer.
XXVII. Employment Matters
Seller will terminate the employment of all persons working at the Stores as of the close of business on the
day before Closing and Buyer may hire those persons to continue to work on and after that date and time.
With respect to each Store, Buyer has advised Seller that it intends to offer substantially similar jobs with
substantially similar wages and benefits to all persons employed in the Stores just prior to the Closing, other
than those individuals set forth in Exhibit K.
Seller agrees to pay all salary, vacation pay and benefits due Seller’s store employees for amounts due prior
to the close of business on the day before Closing, in the normal course of Seller’s payroll cycle and shall
indemnify Buyer from any liability therefore. It is understood that depending on the date of closing, these
payments may be made after Closing. Notwithstanding the foregoing Seller shall comply with state law
concerning payment of wages to terminated employees.


                                                     7
