                          (c)     quality, taste, portion control and uniformity, and manner of storage,
                   preparation and sale, of all pizza and other authorized food and beverage products
                   sold by the Store and of all ingredients, supplies and materials used in the storage,
                   preparation, packaging and sale of these items;

                          (d)     methods and procedures relating to receiving, preparing, delivering
                   and storing customer orders, including without limitation, online ordering;

                          (e)     the hours during which the Store will be open for business;

                         (f)    use and illumination of exterior and interior signs, posters, displays,
                   menu boards and similar items;

                          (g)     the handling of customer complaints;

                          (h)    advertising on the Internet or other electronic media, including
                   websites, home pages and use of domain names;

                          (i)     e-mail capabilities of the Store and other electronic communication
                   methods (including high speed broadband connectivity, high speed broadband
                   monitoring, and methods and means of encryption and access to our network
                   resources) and devices to facilitate communication with us or our offices, including
                   the exchange of information between the Store and us; and

                         (j)      the method and manner of payment which will be accepted from
                   customers.

       You acknowledge that specifications, standards or procedures may differ for Domino's
Pizza Non-Traditional Store. By entering into this Agreement, you agree to abide by these
specifications, standards, operating procedures and rules and to fully adopt and implement them.

        15.2       Compliance with Laws and Other Business Practices.

        You agree to secure and maintain in force all required licenses, permits and certificates and
operate the Store in full compliance with all applicable laws, ordinances and regulations. You also
agree to pay when due all amounts payable pursuant to any provision of this Agreement or any
other agreement with us or our affiliates or subsidiaries or pursuant to any agreement with any
other creditor or supplier of the Store. You shall file all tax returns and pay all taxes before they
become delinquent. You agree not to permit any levy or warrant to be issued by any taxing
authority or other creditor (excluding mechanics liens and other immaterial liens), against any of
your assets, nor allow any of your assets to be seized or frozen by any taxing authority or other
creditor. Furthermore, if you are subject to any withholding taxes on royalty fees or other
payments, you shall provide us with quarterly evidence that such tax has been remitted to the
appropriate governmental agency on a quarterly basis.

       You agree to abide by the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards enacted by the
applicable Card Associations, applicable to your business. If you know or suspect a security
breach, you shall immediately notify us. You shall promptly identify and remediate the source of

                                                    23
NTA – 04/01/2025
