             franchised stores. We have the right to require that you contribute no less than 2% of your
             weekly Royalty Sales to the cooperative. If there is no advertising cooperative or if the
             Stores have not agreed upon a percentage of Royalty Sales to contribute to the cooperative,
             franchisees are required to expend or contribute to the cooperative, as the case may be, an
             amount we specify up to and including 2% of the weekly royalty sales of your Store for
             local advertising. The maximum amount we can require that you contribute to the national
             advertising fund and local and regional advertising expenditures will be 9% of the weekly
             Royalty Sales of your Store.

(7)          You must acquire the Domino’s PULSE point of sale computer system (“Domino’s
             PULSE”) if you are building a new Store or purchasing an existing Store that is not already
             equipped with Domino’s PULSE. The specifications of the Domino’s PULSE system are
             discussed below in more detail in Item 11. You must sign a Domino’s PULSE Software
             License Agreement with our affiliate, DPL, in the form attached as Exhibit J, to use the
             Domino’s PULSE software. The $819.25 per year enhancement fee may be increased in
             subsequent years, however, it will not be increased by more than five percent (5%) in any
             given year, unless a higher amount is recommended by the Domino’s Operations Advisory
             Council. In connection with the Domino’s PULSE License Agreement you will also be
             required to sign a Participation Agreement with Microsoft which contains a right to use
             certain Microsoft software that is part of Domino’s PULSE at a more favorable price than
             retail. You must acquire the Domino’s PULSE hardware from a vendor approved by us.
             You will be required to enter into a Domino’s Pizza Help Desk Services Agreement with
             DPL, in the form attached as Exhibit H, for Help Desk and Software Support Services for
             the entire term of the Domino’s PULSE License Agreement. If we modify the computer
             and related technology requirements you may be required to incur costs to purchase, lease
             and/or license new or modified computer hardware and/or software and to obtain service
             and support. The cost to you of obtaining the software licenses, or additions, substitutions,
             replacements or modifications thereto, may not be fully amortizable over the term of the
             Franchise Agreement. The current cost estimate per store to acquire the hardware and
             software required, including payments due us, is $15,000 to $25,000 (other installation and
             service fees may apply) and is due as incurred. The difference between the high and low
             range is attributable in part to the number of order entry stations and additional Domino’s
             PULSE related optional services. The current estimated cost per store for required
             maintenance and support contracts, third party software license fees, and upgrades or
             updates to the Domino’s PULSE software should not exceed an average of $7,000
             annually. This estimated cost per store covers the annual enhancement fee due, system
             support services, third party license fees and software upgrades and maintenance including
             help desk and support services provided by a third party vendor. We may require that you
             continuously maintain high speed broadband connectivity, where available. All fees are
             imposed by and payable to DPL or our designated third party vendor. All fees are non-
             refundable.

             We may develop or contract with third parties to develop centralized or technology based
             methods of taking, processing, routing, and delivering orders in addition to the methods
             and technology we currently use or authorize (collectively "Additional Order Systems").
             These may become mandatory at any time during the term of the Franchise Agreement and

April 2026                                            19
