Roll-Up. Such Suspension shall remain in effect until sixty-five percent (65%) of Domino's Pizza
Stores in good standing and operating under this provision vote to reinstate our ability to commence a
Roll-Up (the "Reinstatement Vote") after which our ability to effectuate a Roll-Up will be as described
above until such time that it is suspended pursuant to this Section 13.1. For purposes of the Suspension
Vote and the Reinstatement Vote, all Domino's Pizza Stores in good standing and operating under this
provision at the time of such vote and all corporate or affiliate owned Domino's Pizza Stores shall be
entitled to vote on the basis of one vote per Store.

        13.2       Local and Regional Advertising Cooperatives.

        We reserve the right to require that you participate in local and regional advertising
cooperatives administered by us or our affiliate or by other franchisees of the Domino's System or
in the event no such cooperative has been established, to require you to conduct local advertising
for your Store. In addition to the advertising contribution payable by you under Section 13.1, you
agree to pay any contributions that we require you to make for expenditures by these local or
regional cooperatives or that may be otherwise approved by these cooperatives or for local
advertising if no cooperative exists. If there is no advertising cooperative or if the Stores
participating in a cooperative have not agreed upon a percentage of royalty sales to be contributed
to the cooperative, you must expend or contribute to the cooperative, respectively, an amount we
specify up to and including two percent (2%) of royalty sales. If a cooperative exists and sixty-
five percent (65%) or more of the Stores agree to contribute or are contractually obligated to
contribute a specified percentage of royalty sales to the cooperative, then we can require you to
make the same percentage contribution to the cooperative as the other Stores in the cooperative.
All Domino's Pizza Stores participating in a cooperative shall contribute no less than 2% of royalty
sales. All Stores which are contractually obligated to contribute the specified percentage of royalty
sales voted upon by the cooperative shall be counted as a favorable vote, whether or not they attend
or vote at the meeting. We agree that the maximum aggregate amount we can obligate you to
contribute for advertising and promotion under this Section 13.2 and Section 13.1 will be nine
percent (9%) of the royalty sales of your Store. All contributions payable under this Section 13.2
must be paid by Thursday of each week on royalty sales for the week ending on the preceding
Sunday. Payment must be made by electronic funds transfer as provided in Section 6.4 of this
Agreement or as we may otherwise designate from time to time. Nothing contained in this
Section 13.2 shall limit, affect or supersede any obligation on your part to contribute a greater
percentage of the royalty sales of the Store pursuant to any separate agreement or understanding
you may have with any such local or regional advertising or promotional cooperative. We reserve
the right on our behalf and on behalf of our affiliates to engage the services of an advertising source
or sources to formulate, develop, produce and conduct the advertising and promotion programs for
the cooperatives or for local advertising if no cooperatives exists with the cost of these services
payable from the cooperative advertising budget or contributions made by you in accordance with
this provision.

        13.3       By Franchisee.

        All of your advertising, promotions and media relations, including, but not limited to, all
public relations, social media, events and all advertising and promotions conducted by you or your
employees whether through public appearances or in print, or on radio, television, the Internet, and
other electronic media ("Your Advertising"), must be completely factual and shall conform to the


                                                  19
NTA – 04/01/2025
