establish, in writing, reasonable new standards for the implementation of technology in the
Domino's System; and you agree to abide by and fully adopt and implement those reasonable new
standards established by us as if this Section 15.9.1 were periodically revised by it for that purpose.

                   15.9.2 Aggregate Expenditures for Brand Technology.

        You will not be required to make aggregate expenditures for any additions, substitutions,
replacements or modifications to the Brand Technology in excess of one and one half percent (1
½ %) of the royalty sales of the Store from the date of its opening to the date we require you to
make any additions, substitutions, replacements or modifications to the Brand Technology not to
exceed the ten (10) year period prior to the date we require you to make any additions,
substitutions, replacements or modifications to the Brand Technology or, except in connection
with a renewal of the franchise to make any additions, substitutions, replacements or modifications
to the Brand Technology during the last twelve (12) months of the initial term of the franchise.
This limitation shall not apply to our right to require that you acquire and install the Domino's
PULSE store computer system or other components of the Brand Technology upon execution of
this Agreement nor shall the provisions of any prior franchise agreement governing the operation
of the Store restrict our right to require that you acquire and install the Domino's PULSE store
computer system or other components of the Brand Technology under the terms of this Agreement.

                   15.9.3 Domino's PULSE and Other Computer and Technology Training.

        If you (or the Controlling Person if you are an Approved Entity) have not installed and
used Domino's PULSE, or any other computer system or technology that we require, in a Domino's
Pizza store, you (or the Controlling Person) must enroll in and complete all training programs and
classes which we require for the operation of Domino's PULSE, or any other computer system or
technology. These training programs and classes will be furnished at such times and places as
designated by us or the entity or entities that we approve to provide the training. We may furnish
training. The entity furnishing the training (including us) has the right to charge a reasonable
training fee for these training programs or classes, which you agree to pay. All training programs
and classes must be completed to our satisfaction. You will be responsible for the travel, living
expenses and any other costs incurred during these training programs and classes.

                   15.9.4 Additional Order Processing Systems.

        We reserve the right to develop or contract with third parties to develop centralized or
technology based methods of taking, processing, routing, and delivering orders in addition to the
methods and technology we currently use or authorize (collectively "Additional Order Systems").
These may become mandatory at any time during the term of this Agreement and may require you
to spend money to add or replace equipment, wiring, hardware and software; to pay licensing fees,
support and maintenance fees, fees paid to third parties; to incur other costs, and to sign agreements
with third parties. To the extent these products and services are owned by us or provided to you
by us, we may charge up front and/or ongoing fees. However, to the extent all the direct and
indirect costs to develop, test and implement an Additional Ordering System are paid from other
sources, then such up-front and ongoing fees charged by us would be intended only to cover our
ongoing expenses, including direct costs and reasonable allocations. Regardless of the sources of
funds to develop any Additional Ordering System we shall be the sole owner of all direct and

                                                  29
SFA – 07/31/2024
