training. The entity furnishing the training (including us) has the right to charge a reasonable
training fee for these training programs or classes, which you agree to pay. All training programs
and classes must be completed to our satisfaction. You will be responsible for the travel, living
expenses and any other costs incurred during these training programs and classes.

                   15.9.4 Additional Order Processing Systems.

        We reserve the right to develop or contract with third parties to develop centralized or
technology based methods of taking, processing, routing, and delivering orders in addition to the
methods and technology we currently use or authorize (collectively "Additional Order Systems").
These may become mandatory at any time during the term of this Agreement and may require you
to spend money to add or replace equipment, wiring, hardware and software; to pay licensing fees,
support and maintenance fees, fees paid to third parties; to incur other costs, and to sign agreements
with third parties. To the extent these products and services are owned by us or provided to you
by us, we may charge up front and/or ongoing fees. However, to the extent all the direct and
indirect costs to develop, test and implement an Additional Ordering System are paid from other
sources, then such up-front and ongoing fees charged by us would be intended only to cover our
ongoing expenses, including direct costs and reasonable allocations. Regardless of the sources of
funds to develop any Additional Ordering System we shall be the sole owner of all direct and
related rights and assets, including software and hardware, intellectual property and all data
generated by the Additional Ordering Systems, but excluding hardware or equipment you purchase
directly for the purpose of gaining access to the Additional Ordering System.

16.      MARKS.

        16.1       Usage.

        You acknowledge that we have the right to sublicense the Marks and that any goodwill
relating to your use of the Marks will inure to our benefit and the benefit of our affiliates. You
shall use the Marks in full compliance with rules prescribed from time to time by us. You agree
not to engage in any conduct which, in our sole judgment, could disparage or impair the reputation
of the Store or the Domino's System or the goodwill associated with the Marks. You understand
and acknowledge that our right to regulate the use of the Marks, includes, without limitation, any
use of the Marks in any form of electronic media such as web sites or web pages or as a domain
name or electronic media identifier. Any unauthorized use of the Marks will constitute a breach
of this Agreement and an infringement of our rights in and to the Marks. You will not use any
Mark as part of any corporate name or with any prefix, suffix or other modifying words, terms,
designs or symbols or in conjunction or association with any name or symbol used by you in
connection with the operation of the Store, nor may you use any Mark in connection with the sale
of any unauthorized product or service or in any other manner not explicitly authorized in writing
by us. All provisions of this Agreement applicable to the Marks will apply to any additional
proprietary trademarks and commercial symbols we hereafter authorize you to use.

        16.2       Infringements.

       You agree to immediately notify us of any infringement of or challenge to your or our use
of any Mark or claim by any person of any rights in any Mark. You agree that you will not

                                                 29
NTA – 04/01/2025
