the lease for the Store and such financial statements as are required of you under Section 14.2 of
this Agreement; and (iv) your notice that you are specifically submitting the documents to give us
the right to exercise our right of first refusal, and shall continue for a period of thirty (30) days
thereafter. Failure to submit any one or more of the items, including the notice of the purpose of
the submission, shall result in our right of first refusal being extended until 30 days after we receive
all of the required documents and the notice. We shall exercise the right to purchase or otherwise
acquire the Store (or its assets) or such ownership interest for the price and on the terms and
conditions contained in the offer by giving written notice to you or your owners. We may
substitute equivalent cash for any form of payment proposed in such offer or designate a substitute
purchaser or transferee for the Store (or the assets) or the ownership interest being offered,
provided that we will assume responsibility for the performance of any other purchaser we may
designate. If the offer is to purchase the interest of a Controlling Person and is for less than all of
the outstanding interests of the Approved Entity, we shall also have the right, during the same
period of time described above and upon written notice to the other owners, to purchase or
otherwise acquire the remaining shares of capital stock, partnership interest or membership interest
at a per share or per unit or interest price (or other terms) equivalent to the price (or other terms)
being offered under the bona fide offer to the Controlling Person. If we do not exercise this right
of first refusal, the offer may be accepted by you or your owners, subject to our prior written
approval as provided in this Agreement. If the offer is not accepted by you or your owners, within
sixty (60) days, we will again have the right of first refusal to purchase or otherwise acquire the
Store as described above. This section will not apply to transfers made in accordance with Section
21.3 of this Agreement.

22.      CONTRACT INTERPRETATION AND ENFORCEMENT.

         22.1      Effect of Waivers.

        No waiver by us of any breach or a series of breaches of this Agreement shall constitute a
waiver of any subsequent breach or waiver of the performance of any of your obligations under
this Agreement. Our acceptance of any payment from you or the failure, refusal or neglect by us
or you to exercise any right under this Agreement or to insist upon full compliance with our or
your obligations under this Agreement or with any specification, standard or operating procedure
or rule will not constitute a waiver of any provision of this Agreement.

         22.2      Cost of Enforcement.

        If any legal or equitable action is commenced, either to challenge, interpret, or to secure or
protect our rights under or to enforce the terms of this Agreement, in addition to any judgment
entered in our favor, we shall be entitled to recover such reasonable attorney's fees as we or anyone
acting on our behalf may have incurred together with court costs and expenses of litigation.

         22.3      Indemnification of DPF.

       If we or any of our subsidiary or affiliated companies or any of our or their agents or
employees are required to produce records or testify at trial or in deposition or are subjected to any
claim, demand or penalty or become a party to any suit or other judicial or administrative
proceeding brought by any person or persons (including your employee or prior employee) or any


                                                  43
NTA – 04/01/2025
