related rights and assets, including software and hardware, intellectual property and all data
generated by the Additional Ordering Systems, but excluding hardware or equipment you purchase
directly for the purpose of gaining access to the Additional Ordering System.




16.      MARKS.

         16.1      Usage.

        You acknowledge that we have the right to sublicense the Marks and that any goodwill
relating to your use of the Marks will inure to our benefit and the benefit of our affiliates. You
shall use the Marks in full compliance with rules prescribed from time to time by us. You agree
not to engage in any conduct which, in our sole judgment, could disparage or impair the reputation
of the Store or the Domino's System or the goodwill associated with the Marks. You understand
and acknowledge that our right to regulate the use of the Marks, includes, without limitation, any
use of the Marks in any form of electronic media such as web sites or web pages or as a domain
name or electronic media identifier. Any unauthorized use of the Marks will constitute a breach
of this Agreement and an infringement of our rights in and to the Marks. You will not use any
Mark as part of any corporate name or with any prefix, suffix or other modifying words, terms,
designs or symbols or in conjunction or association with any name or symbol used by you in
connection with the operation of the Store, nor may you use any Mark in connection with the sale
of any unauthorized product or service or in any other manner not explicitly authorized in writing
by us. All provisions of this Agreement applicable to the Marks will apply to any additional
proprietary trademarks and commercial symbols we hereafter authorize you to use.

         16.2      Infringements.

        You agree to immediately notify us of any infringement of or challenge to your or our use
of any Mark or claim by any person of any rights in any Mark You agree that you will not
communicate with any person other than us and our counsel in connection with any such
infringement, challenge or claim. We will have sole discretion to take such action as we deem
appropriate and the right to exclusively control any litigation or Patent and Trademark Office or
other proceeding arising out of any infringement, challenge or claim or otherwise relating to any
Mark. You agree to execute any and all instruments and documents, render such assistance and
do such acts and things as may, in the opinion of our counsel, be necessary or advisable to protect
and maintain our interests in any such litigation or Patent and Trademark Office or other
proceeding or to otherwise protect and maintain our interest in the Marks.

         16.3      Indemnification.

         We will indemnify you against and reimburse you for all damages for which you are held
liable in any proceeding arising out of the use of any Mark in compliance with this Agreement. If
it becomes advisable at any time in our sole discretion for you to modify or discontinue use of any
Mark and/or use one or more additional or substitute Marks, you agree to do so and our sole
obligation will be to reimburse you for your tangible costs of complying with this obligation.

                                                30
SFA – 07/31/2024
