wish to purchase or lease items we have not approved, you may propose a request through your
Franchise Business Consultant. Along with the request, you must include any photographs,
drawings, information source of items, samples or any materials or information necessary to
adequately describe the request. You will be advised within a reasonable time (not to exceed 180
days) whether any item meets the criteria to forward to the Standards Committee for further
consideration and final approval, including any additional requirements which may be imposed by
the Standards Committee as a condition for the proposed supplier to receive final approval. We
may charge you for reasonable expenses that we or our affiliates incur in evaluating any proposed
item. The number of suppliers of any item may depend on the availability of these items and
whether suppliers manufacture items meeting our specifications.

         You must purchase food ingredients, beverage products, cooking, packaging and cleaning
materials, other products, utensils, uniforms, menus, forms, and other supplies and materials used
in the Store that meet our standards. You must use paper and plastic products imprinted with the
Marks that we establish. We may require you to purchase the ingredients, supplies and materials
used exclusively from us, our affiliates or from approved suppliers or distributors. We or our
affiliates may examine the facilities of any approved supplier or distributor, including the
commissary, if any, you operate and test the ingredients, materials or supplies. We or our affiliates
may charge fees for evaluating proposed and approved suppliers or distributors and inspecting
commissary operations. We may impose limitations on the number of approved suppliers or
distributors of any product or service. As noted, we or our affiliates may be the exclusive supplier
of certain products. A list of approved suppliers will be made available to you. Approval of a
supplier or distributor may be conditioned on delivery schedule and service, among other things.
In addition, your ability to purchase from other suppliers, including those who sell to us or our
affiliates, depends on factors including suppliers' willingness to sell to you and the availability of
various products and services that meet our standards. To protect the confidentiality of our
proprietary products, including sauce, dough and cheese, we may limit the sources of supply of
these products. Any supplier which has access to customer data or confidential or proprietary
information shall be required to sign our then-current form of our Rider to Services Agreement
attached as Exhibit R (the “Domino’s Rider to Services Agreement”).

        We and our affiliates have established business relationships with a group of nationally
recognized vendors who have agreed to provide goods and services at discounted prices to our
franchise system as part of a program known as the “Pie Perks Program”. The discounts are based
in part on our relationship with these vendors and our ability to purchase goods and services from
them in larger quantities. The program is designed to help reduce expenses on various items and
services, including, but not limited to, supplies, telecommunications services, accounting and
payroll services, repairs and maintenance. You may, at your option, participate in this program
and take advantage of the discounts without additional cost to you. Other than the same discounts
that are available to you under the program, neither we nor our affiliates receive any revenue from
the vendors as a result of this program.

        DPL entered into a beverage marketing agreement with The Coca-Cola Company with an
effective date of January 1, 2025 for a term ending the later of December 31, 2030 or until such
time as certain volume commitments are reached which entitles franchised and company-owned
locations to qualify for volume incentive funding based upon the number of cases of Coca-Cola

April 2026                                        27
