                            RIDER TO PURCHASE AGREEMENT

          THIS RIDER TO PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the “Rider”) is made this
         day of             20    , by and between:
                                                                            (the “Seller”) and
                                                                            (the “Purchaser”).

        WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution of this Rider, Seller, a franchisee
of Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC (DPMI”) and/or Domino's Pizza Franchising LLC
(“DPF”), and Purchaser, have entered into a Purchase Agreement for the sale of Seller’s
assets used in the operation of the Domino's Pizza Store(s) listed on the attached Exhibit A
(the "Store(s)") to Purchaser.

       WHEREAS, Purchaser has applied to Domino’s Pizza LLC, as Manager (“DPL”), for
approval to operate the Store(s) as a Domino’s Pizza franchisee and approval of Purchaser’s
application is conditioned, among other things, upon certain provisions being contained in the
Purchase Agreement for the Store(s).

        WHEREAS, to evidence Seller’s and Purchaser's agreement to include these terms
in the Purchase Agreement, the parties hereby enter into this Rider.

          NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:

       1. Purchase Agreement. For the purposes of this Rider, the term “Purchase
Agreement” shall mean the documents executed or delivered by and between Seller and
Purchaser for the transfer of the assets of the Store(s) from Seller to Purchaser, regardless of
the name or title on the documents.

        2. Inconsistency Between Agreements. In the event of any inconsistency between
the terms of the Purchase Agreement, any and all other related documents executed in
connection with the purchase of the assets of the Store(s), and this Rider, the terms of this
Rider shall prevail. If there is any inconsistency between any franchise agreement(s) to
which Seller or Purchaser is a party (the “Franchise Agreement(s)”), and the Purchase
Agreement, including this Rider, the terms of the Franchise Agreement(s) shall prevail.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, sales or transfers of all or a part of any
interest in the assets of a Domino’s Pizza store, or the entity owning the Store(s) remain
subject to the prior rights of DPMI, DPF and/or DPL as provided in the Franchise Agreement(s).

        3. Disclaimer of Interest in Telephone Numbers/Intellectual Property. The
assets to be transferred pursuant to the Purchase Agreement do not include, nor shall any
value be assigned to: (i) telephone numbers, (ii) the Domino’s trademarks/tradenames, (iii)
the Franchise Agreement(s), (iv) geographic areas or (v) any rights granted under the Franchise
Agreement(s).

        Further, Seller and Purchaser acknowledge that the rights to the current telephone
number(s) to the Store(s) (the “Phone Number(s)”) are held by DPL. However, as the telephone
service provider(s) of the Phone Number(s) may not recognize this right of DPL, Seller agrees
to provide the necessary documentation to the telephone service provider(s) to assign such Phone
Numbers to the Purchaser.
Nov 2014 updated May 2017
