name of your owners and used at any time, whether principally or occasionally in the business,
hired and non-owned coverage); and (d) worker's compensation insurance (in your name) as
required by law. If no worker’s compensation law exists, then you must participate in comparable
insurance we require. If you or your owners do not use a vehicle owned or leased in your name or
the name of any of your owners in the business, you must provide written evidence, satisfactory
to us. We require you to have minimum limits of $1,500,000 per occurrence for general liability
insurance and for automobile liability insurance. If deductible plans are approved and used in your
state, you may purchase this coverage subject to the requirements of your insurance carrier. An
insurance carrier rated B+ or better by Alfred M. Best & Company, Inc. or meeting such other
criteria we may establish from time to time must issue all insurance policies, except workers'
compensation insurance. All liability insurance policies must name us and any subsidiaries and
affiliates that we designate, as additional insureds and provide us with 30 days prior written notice
of termination, expiration, cancellation or modification of any policy. The terms and conditions
of all such policies, including the amount of any deductibles, will be consistent with the
requirements prescribed from time to time by us. We may also reasonably increase the minimum
liability "limit" protection requirement annually and modify the insurance requirements. You must
provide us annually with satisfactory evidence of the renewal or extension of each insurance policy
or any modifications to any insurance policy that must describe the applicable deductibles for each
policy.

         If you fail to carry any insurance coverage we require or to furnish satisfactory evidence
of the insurance, we or our designee may obtain insurance coverage for you and you must promptly
sign any documents required and pay to us on demand amounts we incur. Your obligation to
maintain the required insurance is not limited by insurance we maintain. Your failure to carry
required insurance at our specified limits could result in default.

        Depending on whether you purchase certain products from us or our affiliates, we could
provide you with approximately 25-65% of your total purchases in establishing your Store and
generally between 25%-40% of your total ongoing operating expenses for your Store. Total
operating expenses include all of your ongoing expenses in operating a Store, including rent and
labor. In the fiscal year that ended December 28, 2025, DPD’s revenue from the sale of these
items to all franchisees was $2.7 billion or 55.4% of DPL’s total revenues of $4.9 billion. In the
fiscal year that ended December 28, 2025, DPL also collected revenue of $155 million for online
ordering fees, technology fees, credit card fees, help desk fees, and other miscellaneous fees and
expenses from franchisees representing 3% of DPL’s total revenues of $4.9 billion.

             There are no approved suppliers in which any of our officers has an ownership interest.




April 2026                                           30
