approved by us will at all times during the term of this Agreement own and control fifty-one
percent (51%) or more of the absolute voting and ownership interests of the Approved Entity,
unless the Controlling Person obtains our prior written approval for a different ownership structure.
You also agree to submit to us for our review and prior written approval any proposed change
before attempting any change in the ownership or control of the Approved Entity or its affiliates,
or any documents governing the ownership or control of the Approved Entity or its affiliates.

         20.8      Non-Disclosure.

        Except as may be required or permitted by applicable law, you agree that neither you nor
your affiliates, owners, representatives, agents or employees will make any statements or
communications, directly or indirectly, about us or our affiliates, officers, employees, franchisees
(including you or your affiliates), businesses, properties, financial condition, sales trends,
management, ownership, past or current business practices or strategies to any person, including,
without limitation, the media or any financial analysts, whether verbally or in writing, including,
without limitation, any communications or statements that would reasonably be expected to
adversely affect our business or reputation or the Domino's System or shareholders of Domino's
Pizza, Inc. or its affiliated companies.

         20.9      Irreparable Injury and Injunctive Relief.

        You acknowledge and agree that the provisions of this Section 20, including, without
limitation, the provisions of Sections 20.1, 20.2, 20.5 and 20.9, are necessary to protect our
legitimate business interests and the Domino's System, to prevent the unauthorized dissemination
of marketing, promotional and other confidential information to our competitors and others
outside of the Domino's System, to protect our trade secrets and the integrity of the Domino's
System, and to prevent the duplication of the Domino's System. You also acknowledge and
agree that damages alone cannot adequately compensate us if there is a violation of these
provisions by you or your owners, that we will suffer irreparable harm arising out of any such
violation, and that injunctive relief against you and your owners is essential for the protection of
us and our franchisees. Accordingly, we will have the right to petition a court of competent
jurisdiction for injunctive relief against you and your owners without posting any bond or
security whatsoever, in addition to all other remedies that may be available to us under this
Agreement or applicable law.

21.      ASSIGNMENT.

         21.1      By DPF.

        This Agreement is fully assignable by us and the assignee or other legal successor to our
interests will be entitled to all of the benefits of this Agreement.

         21.2      By Franchisee.

        This Agreement is personal to you and your owners (if you are an Approved Entity).
Accordingly, neither you nor any of your owners may assign or transfer this Agreement, any
interest in this Agreement or, if you are an Approved Entity, any interest in an Approved Entity
except as specifically authorized under this Agreement. A transfer of ownership of the Store (or

                                                 39
NTA – 04/01/2025
