the Store shall, during the term of this Agreement, become a person or entity described in clause
(1), (2) or (3) above, or shall otherwise become a target of any Anti-Terrorism Measures. Should
you or any of your owners, employees, affiliates, or any person or entity associated with the Store,
violate the provisions of this paragraph, we will have the right to immediately terminate this
Agreement.

         15.3      Pricing.

        We reserve the right, to the fullest extent allowed by applicable law, to establish maximum,
minimum, or other pricing requirements with respect to the prices you may charge for products
and services, including pricing we prescribe from time to time for any national, regional or local
advertising or promotion.

         15.4      Operating Manual.

        We will loan to you during the term of the franchise one or more copies of an operating
manual or operational bulletins or similar materials containing mandatory and suggested
specifications, standards and operating procedures and rules prescribed from time to time by us
and information relative to your other obligations under this Agreement and the operation of the
Store (the "Operating Manual"). We will provide you with a manual or electronic copy of the
Operating Manual. The entire contents of the Operating Manual will remain confidential and are
proprietary to us and our affiliates. We will have the right to add to and otherwise modify the
Operating Manual from time to time, if deemed necessary to improve the standards of service or
product quality or the efficient operation of the Store, to protect or maintain the goodwill associated
with the Marks, to take advantage of advancements in technology, or to meet competition. No
such addition or modification, however, shall alter your fundamental status and rights under this
Agreement. The provisions of the Operating Manual as modified from time to time, including the
mandatory specifications, standards and operating procedures and rules prescribed from time to
time by us and communicated to you in writing, will constitute provisions of this Agreement as if
contained in this Agreement.

         15.5      New Concepts.

       If you develop any new concept, process or improvement or any slogan in the operation or
promotion of the Store, or technology used in connection with the operation of the Store, you agree
to promptly notify us and provide us with all necessary information without compensation. You
acknowledge that any such concept, process, improvement or slogan shall become our property
and that we may utilize or disclose this information to our affiliates and other franchisees.

         15.6      Franchisee Must Directly Supervise Store.

         The Store shall at all times be under the direct, on-premises supervision of you (or the
Controlling Person if you are an Approved Entity). You (or the Controlling Person if you are an
Approved Entity) must devote full time and efforts (excluding reasonable vacation periods) as
manager of the Store or to the management of other Domino's Pizza Stores (or other related
activities approved by us in accordance with Section 7.1 of this Agreement). You shall be solely
responsible for recruiting, hiring, training, scheduling for work, supervising and paying the persons
who work in the Store and those persons shall be your employees, and not our agents or employees.

                                                  25
SFA – 07/31/2024
