(1)          All fees are imposed by and payable to us or our affiliates. All fees are non-refundable.

(2)          We may from time to time implement incentive programs to encourage system growth,
             improve store performance or accomplish other objectives designed to benefit the System.
             Under these incentive programs, we may reduce weekly royalty fees and/or reduce or
             eliminate advertising contributions payable by a participating franchisee for a period of
             time, including national and mandatory local advertising contributions (but not voluntary
             local co-op amounts approved by the local co-ops). We may impose limits on the amount
             of the incentives received under a particular program. The participating franchisee may
             also be asked to pay a reservation fee (which is currently $25,000) for the right to develop
             one or more stores under an incentive program, which will ordinarily only be payable if
             the store or stores are not leased, constructed and/or opened within the time periods we
             specify. We reserve the right to modify or terminate these incentive programs in our sole
             discretion and to implement and grant these and other new or modified incentive programs
             to franchisees who we determine to be eligible for these programs under terms we deem
             appropriate.

(3)          Royalty Sales do not include sales and equivalent taxes and coupons and similar discounts
             we approve. For Non-Traditional Pizza Stores located in stadiums and airports,
             commissions payable to the stadium or airport authorities other than up-front fees are
             deducted from total receipts in computing Royalty Sales. Premium items or similar items
             are included in computing Royalty Sales unless these items have been sold at or below
             cost. Unless we otherwise specify, premium items or similar items do not include any food
             or beverage item.

(4)          The percentage currently charged for a Domino's Pizza Traditional Store and a Domino’s
             Pizza Non-Traditional Store is 4% of the weekly Royalty Sales. Certain franchisees who
             signed Non-Traditional Store Franchise Agreements before April 2025 may contribute to
             the Advertising Fund at a different rate.

             We may waive, in our sole discretion, the payment of a portion of the advertising fund
             contribution made by franchisees (i.e., reduce the percentage of the required contribution)
             for a period of time we designate based upon market conditions or other relevant factors.

             We and our affiliates may set up a separate advertising fund for Domino's Pizza Non-
             Traditional Stores.

(5)          If you operate a Domino's Pizza Non-Traditional Store, we may rebate quarterly (or give
             you a credit for) up to 3½% of the 4% advertising contribution you pay for local
             advertising. We recommend you spend all credits in the calendar year in which they are
             given on local advertising expenditures.

(6)          If a cooperative exists and if 65% or more of the Stores in the cooperative agree or are
             contractually obligated to contribute a specified percentage of Royalty Sales, then you must
             make the same percentage contribution to the cooperative. Each store we operate in the
             market contributes to advertising funds, and is entitled to vote, on the same basis as

April 2026                                            18
