This instrument, including the Exhibits, constitutes the entire Agreement between Buyer and Seller
concerning the subject matter of this Agreement. The parties have not received, and have not relied on, any
promise, statement or representation other than those expressly set forth herein in entering into this
Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding when signed by an authorized agent of each party and may be
executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall constitute one original. The terms of this
Agreement may be altered only by a writing signed by Buyer and Seller.
XIV.       Authorization
Seller is fully authorized and empowered to release to its affiliated companies or other creditors any
information concerning this Agreement, including but not limited to the type, location, condition and
amount of fixtures and equipment involved; the total purchase price; the inclusive dates of the Agreement,
and any other matter or fact related to the transaction or Buyer and Seller’s relationship hereunder. Buyer
further releases and holds Seller harmless from any liability for releasing any such information pursuant to
the paragraph.
XV.        Notices
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, all notices, demands or other communications given under
this Agreement shall be in writing, and shall be either hand delivered or mailed to the address of each party
as first above set forth, said mailing to be by certified United States government mail, or by recognized
overnight commercial courier service, with notice to be effective upon delivery or on the second business
day after mailing by certified mail. Either party may, by written direction to the other, change the address to
which notice shall be sent.
XVI.     Bulk Sales
Buyer and Seller both agree to waive compliance with any applicable bulk sales provision or similar law.
XVII.      Compliance With Lease(s)
Buyer agrees to assume the real estate leases for the Stores, by executing an Assignment of Lease for each
store premises in the form of Exhibit D attached hereto. In connection with Buyer’s assumption of the
leases, Buyer shall promptly pay when due all rent, additional rent, taxes, assessments and utility charges
and fully comply with all of the terms of the leases for the Stores’ premises. Buyer shall defend, indemnify
and hold Seller harmless from any liability under the leases from and after the close of business on
________________, including Seller’s attorneys’ fees. Unless its liability ends sooner, Seller shall have no
liability under the leases for the Stores upon the first to occur of any of the following: (i) the termination or
expiration of the present term of the lease; (ii) a material modification of the lease; or, (iii) Seller’s release
from liability under the lease. Buyer will not exercise any option to renew or extend any lease unless Seller
is released from any further liability under the lease as of the expiration of the current term.
XVIII. Assumption Of Seller’s Other Contractual Obligations
Buyer shall assume those contracts listed and disclosed on Exhibit I, by executing an Assignment of
Contracts in the form of Exhibit E. Conditioned on the Closing, Buyer agrees to defend, indemnify and hold
Seller harmless from and against any obligation, breach or other liability arising out of an assigned contract,
which accrues subsequent to Closing. Seller agrees to defend, indemnify and hold Buyer harmless from and
against any obligation, breach or other liability arising out of an assigned contract, which accrues prior to
Closing. Seller’s liability under these contracts shall end upon termination or expiration of the current term
of those contracts and Buyer agrees that the terms of any renewal or continuation of these contracts by
Buyer shall be without further liability to Seller.
XIX.      Tenancy
Buyer acknowledges and agrees that Seller does not own the building or real estate where the Assets are
located and Seller does not warrant that it has a continuing right to possession of the Stores’ premises.
XX.       Bill of Sale




                                                      6
