(5) Related Party Transactions

         Distributions

               The Company is required to distribute its excess cash flows to the Parent pursuant to an operating
         agreement with the Parent. The Parent uses the funds distributed to it by the Company to, among other
         things, service its debt obligations. The Company distributed $490.1 million, $478.5 million and $440.2
         million in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively, pursuant to this operating agreement. In 2024, distributions
         to the Parent included the remaining cash equivalents held by the Company pursuant to the purchase and
         sale agreement described in Note 4 following the execution by certain of DPI’s subsidiaries of an
         amendment governing the securitized debt related to reinvestment of proceeds pursuant to certain real
         estate dispositions.

         Management Fee

              The Parent and certain of its subsidiaries have a management agreement with Domino’s Pizza LLC,
         a subsidiary of DPI, (the “Manager”) whereby the Manager will service new and existing franchise
         agreements, certain intellectual property and supply chain assets for the Domino’s Pizza system.

                In periods prior to the September 5, 2025, the Company and certain of DPI’s subsidiaries were
         obligated to pay a total annual fee to the Manager in an amount equal to the sum of (i) $14.0 million and
         (ii) $4.7 thousand for every integer multiple of $100.0 thousand in aggregate Retained Collections
         (excluding PULSE Maintenance Fees and Technology Fees), as defined in the indenture governing the
         securitized debt. Subsequent to the closing date of the 2025 Refinancing, the Company and certain of
         DPI’s subsidiaries were obligated to pay a total annual fee to the Manager in an amount equal to the sum
         of (i) $80.3 million and (ii) $17.2 thousand for every integer multiple of $100.0 thousand in aggregate
         Retained Collections, as defined in the indenture governing the securitized debt. The change in the total
         annual fee to the Manager subsequent to the closing date of the 2025 Refinancing was based on a review
         of the historical relationships of the amounts and types of expenses incurred by the Manager related to
         activities of the Company and certain of DPI’s subsidiaries, as well as in consideration of the
         amendments to the base indenture and underlying assets pursuant to the 2025 Refinancing.

               Additionally, in periods prior to September 5, 2025, the management fee in the consolidated
         statements of income included a reimbursement of an allocation of certain operating expenses incurred
         by the Manager. The allocation of these expenses was based on a review of the historical relationships of
         the amounts and types of expenses incurred by the Manager. Specifically, in periods prior to September
         5, 2025, the Company’s portion of the management fee was allocated based on its percentage of earnings
         before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization and other in comparison to the other subsidiaries of
         DPI. Subsequent to September 5, 2025, the Company’s portion of the management fee is allocated based
         on the relative consumption of resources consumed by the Company in comparison to the other
         subsidiaries of DPI, and because franchise revenues do not have a cost of sales component or require
         significant capital investment by DPI, the Company’s portion of the total required management fee is
         expected to be lower in future years. The Company believes the allocation methodology and the annual
         fee to the Manager is reasonable.

               Of the total required management fee, the Company expensed approximately $19.1 million, $23.6
         million and $22.4 million for this Management Fee in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

         Capital Contributions

               In 2025, the Company recorded a capital contribution of $1.0 million from the Parent to ensure the
         Company was properly capitalized to qualify for certain registration exemptions for large franchisors in
         certain states.




                                                        -11-
