we shall have the right to require that you pay on the amount of such understatement the royalty
fee of five and one half percent (5½%), all advertising contributions due under this Agreement and
the amount, if any, required to be paid to your local or regional cooperative as provided in this
Agreement, plus interest due. Further, in the event such understatement for any period or periods
shall be two percent (2%) or more of the royalty sales of the Store or such inspection or audit is
made necessary by your intentional or negligent underreporting (including, without limitation,
underreporting that arises out of your insufficient supervision of your employees) or your failure
to furnish reports, supporting records, financial statements or other information required by this
Agreement or to furnish these reports, records, information or financial statements on a timely
basis, you will be obligated to reimburse us for the cost of the audit, including the charges of any
independent certified public accountant used and the travel expenses, room and board and
compensation of our employees or anyone we engage to conduct the audit. In the event you dispute
the results of any audit conducted by us or our representatives, you will have the right, upon written
notice to us within ten (10) days of your receipt of the results of our audit, to have the results
verified by an independent certified public accounting firm selected by our outside accounting
firm. The expense of this audit shall be borne by you unless this further audit discloses that no
deficiency is due in which case we will be obligated to pay for the audit. We will notify you within
ten (10) days of our receipt of your notice when the independent audit will commence. You agree
to cooperate with all personnel conducting the audit. The results of the independent audit shall be
binding upon the parties. You agree to pay any deficiencies within ten (10) days after receipt of
our audit or, if applicable, the independent audit requested by you. You acknowledge and agree
that conducting an audit as authorized by this section is one but not the only way we may determine
or establish that you have underreported the royalty sales of the Store for any period or periods.
You and your owners agree to fully comply and cooperate with any and all audits, including, but
not limited to, you, your owners and your employees treating our personnel in a professional
manner.

15.      OPERATING REQUIREMENTS.

        15.1       Operating Procedures.

        You agree to fully comply with all specifications, standards and operating procedures and
rules from time to time prescribed for the Store, including, but not limited to, specifications,
standards and operating procedures and rules relating to:

                          (a)     the safety, maintenance, cleanliness, sanitation, function and
                   appearance of the Store premises and its equipment, (including computer hardware,
                   software, peripheral devices, high speed broadband connectivity, high speed
                   broadband monitoring, and methods and means of encryption and access to our
                   network resources), image, fixtures, furniture, décor and signs;

                           (b)      qualifications, dress, grooming, general appearance and demeanor
                   of you and your employees, including, but not limited to, engaging in any conduct
                   which, in our judgment, adversely affects the reputation of the Store or the
                   Domino's System or the goodwill associated with the Marks or involves dishonesty,
                   fraud, deceit, illegal conduct, misrepresentation or moral turpitude;



                                                   22
NTA – 04/01/2025
