             Item 1: The Franchisor, and any Parents, Predecessors, and Affiliates

The Franchisor

         The franchisor is Domino’s Pizza Franchising LLC. To simplify the language in this
disclosure document “we”, “us” or “DPF” means Domino’s Pizza Franchising LLC. “You” means
the person who is buying a franchise. If you are an approved corporation, partnership, limited
liability company or other entity, your owners must guarantee and be bound by the Franchise
Agreement or other agreement with us as more fully described in this disclosure document. In
addition, certain provisions in the Franchise Agreement or other agreement with us apply to your
affiliates. You should take this into account when purchasing a franchise.

        We are a Delaware limited liability company organized on March 2, 2007. Our principal
business address is 24 Frank Lloyd Wright Drive, Ann Arbor, Michigan 48105-9484. Our agents
for service of process are disclosed in Exhibit A, as applicable.

Parents and Predecessors

        We are a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company (“DPMI”). Its principal business address is 24 Frank Lloyd
Wright Drive, Ann Arbor, Michigan 48105-9484. We are an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of
Domino’s Pizza LLC (“DPL”), a Michigan limited liability company. Its principal business
address is 30 Frank Lloyd Wright Drive, Ann Arbor, Michigan 48106-0997. DPL was the
franchisor of Domino’s Pizza franchises before the closing of the 2007 Securitization Transaction
described below. DPL is the indirect parent company of DPMI and an indirect wholly-owned
subsidiary of Domino’s Pizza, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Domino’s” or “DPI”). Domino’s is
the parent company, directly or indirectly, of all Domino’s Pizza related entities.

        We and our affiliates are the successors to the business founded by Mr. Thomas S.
Monaghan in 1963. In December 1998, Mr. Monaghan sold a substantial portion of his ownership
interest in DPI, to investment funds affiliated with Bain Capital, LLC, a private equity firm based
in Boston, Massachusetts and retired from the active management of the business. In July 2004,
Domino’s and certain of its shareholders sold shares in an initial public offering and since that
date, Domino’s has been a publicly traded company.

Affiliates

        We became the franchisor of U.S. franchise agreements entered into after April 2007 as
well as other agreements described below as a result of a securitization financing transaction that
closed in April 2007 (the "2007 Securitization Transaction"). At the time of the closing of the
2007 Securitization Transaction, DPL entered into a management agreement with DPF and DPMI
to provide the required support and services to franchisees under their franchise agreements. DPL
also acts as DPF’s franchise sales agent. If DPL fails to perform its obligations under its franchise
management agreement, then DPL may be replaced as the franchise servicer. However, as the
franchisor, DPF is responsible and accountable to you to make sure that all services DPF promises
to perform under your franchise agreement, or other agreement you sign with us are performed in

April 2026                                        1
