You also agree to provide us with all information necessary to close the transaction. We reserve
the right to assign our option to purchase the Store or commissary, if any, operated in connection
with the Store (and the real property to the extent applicable) or designate a substitute purchaser
for the Store. We agree, however, to be responsible for and shall guarantee payment of any
deferred portion of the purchase price as provided in Section 19.5 of this Agreement in the event
we designate a substitute purchaser of the assets of the Store. If you do not execute and deliver
any documents required, by execution of this Agreement you irrevocably appoint us as your lawful
attorney in fact with full power and authority to execute and deliver in your name all these
documents. You also agree to ratify and confirm all of our acts as your lawful attorney in fact and
to indemnify and hold us harmless from all claims, liabilities, losses or damages suffered by us in
so doing.

         19.8      Operation During Option Period.

         We will have the right, upon written notice to you, to manage, or designate one of our
affiliates to manage, the Store during the period in which we have the option to purchase the Store
as provided in section 19.1 and for the period following the exercise of our option and prior to the
closing, on the same terms and conditions as described in Section 21.7.

         19.9      Formula Price.

        The parties agree that the formula price described in this Section 19 is the agreed upon
method of arriving at a price for the assets of the Store in the event we exercise the option contained
in this Section 19 and is not to be deemed a conclusive indication of the value of the Store under
other circumstances or where an agreement to purchase the Store has been negotiated by you or
your owners.

20.      RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS.

        20.1       In Term Covenant.

        In addition to all other obligations in the Agreement, you agree that, during the term of this
Agreement, you or your owners will not, directly or indirectly for the benefit of you or your
owners, or through or on behalf of or in conjunction with any other person, partnership or
corporation, own, engage in, be employed by, advise, assist, invest in, franchise, make loans to, or
have any other interest, whether financial or otherwise, in any other carry out or delivery pizza
store business or business similar to that being conducted pursuant to this Agreement (except for
other Domino's Pizza Stores operated under franchise agreements entered into with us or other
Domino's Pizza Stores in which you or your owners have an ownership interest).

        20.2       Post Term Covenant.

        You agree that, for a period of one (1) year after termination or expiration of this
Agreement, or the date on which you cease to operate the Store, whichever is later, you or your
owners will not, directly or indirectly for the benefit of you or your owners, or through or on behalf
of or in conjunction with any other person, partnership or corporation, own, engage in, be
employed by, advise, assist, invest in, franchise, make loans to, or have any other interest, whether
financial or otherwise, in any carry out or delivery pizza store business or business similar to that

                                                  37
NTA – 04/01/2025
