being conducted pursuant to this Agreement located at the premises of the Store or within ten (10)
miles of the premises of the Store (except for other Domino's Pizza Stores operated under franchise
agreements with us or other Domino's Pizza Stores in which you or your owners shall have an
ownership interest). The covenant contained in this section shall not be deemed to impair, modify
or change any covenant not to compete contained in any agreement for the purchase and sale of
the Store and shall be in addition to all other obligations you have under this Agreement to us or
our affiliates upon termination or expiration of this Agreement.

        20.3       Ownership of Public Companies.

        The covenants contained in this Section 20 shall not apply to ownership of less than a five
percent (5%) beneficial interest in the outstanding equity securities of any corporation whose stock
is publicly traded.

         20.4      Customer Lists and Trade Secrets.

        You agree to maintain the absolute confidentiality of the Operating Manual and all other
information concerning the Domino's System, whether provided by us or a third party, during and
after the term of the franchise, disclosing this information to the other employees of the Store only
to the extent necessary for the operation of the Store in accordance with this Agreement, and that
you will not use the Operating Manual or such other information in any other businesses or in any
manner not specifically authorized or approved by us in writing. The customer lists and all
historical data relating to the sale of all pizza and beverage products at the Store (the "Customer
Lists") also shall be deemed confidential and (a) you shall not use the Customer Lists in any other
business or capacity; and (b) you shall maintain the absolute secrecy and confidentiality of the
Customer Lists.

         20.5      Owners of Approved Entity.

        If you are an Approved Entity, the owners, by executing this Agreement, shall be bound
by the provisions contained in this Agreement, including the restrictions set forth in this Section
20. Further, a violation of any of the provisions of this Agreement, including the covenants
contained in this Section 20, by any owner shall also constitute a violation by you of your
obligations under this Agreement.

         20.6      Distribution of Products Related to the Domino's System.

       During and after the term of this Agreement, you and your owners agree not to sell or
otherwise distribute any products, or items bearing any of the Marks or which are used at any time
in connection with any advertising, promotional or operational program other than to customers of
your Store in the ordinary course of business or to another Domino's Pizza franchisee in good
standing at the time of any proposed transfer approved by us.

         20.7      Ownership Structure.

       You, your owners and affiliates agree to fully comply with all rules, policies and
procedures from time to time prescribed by us relating to the ownership structure of an Approved
Entity. If you are an Approved Entity, you agree that the Controlling Person who has been

                                                 38
NTA – 04/01/2025
