         15.9      Computer Hardware and Software and Other Technology.

                   15.9.1 Brand Technology.

         You agree to use in the development and operation of the Store the management system
and computer hardware and software and related technology designated by us, including without
limitation, features such as high speed broadband connectivity, high speed broadband monitoring,
online ordering, methods and means of encryption and access to our network resources, and other
brand technology and peripheral devices that we specify from time to time (the "Brand
Technology"). You acknowledge that we may modify all aspects and the components of the Brand
Technology from time to time. As part of the Brand Technology, we may require you to obtain
computer hardware and/or software we specify from a single vendor designated by us and we or
our affiliates may be the sole supplier of all or any part of the Brand Technology. You agree to
use only such items and services as we specify in connection with the Brand Technology. We may
require that you enter into a license exclusively with us or our affiliates to use proprietary software
developed by or for us. You may also be required to enter into agreements with others for use of
third party software incorporated or used in connection with the Brand Technology. Our
modification of such specifications or components for the Brand Technology may require you to
incur costs to purchase, lease and/or license new or modified computer hardware and/or software
and to obtain service and support for the Brand Technology during the term of this Agreement.
You acknowledge that the cost to you of obtaining the Brand Technology (including software
licenses) (or additions, substitutions, replacements or modifications thereto) may not be fully
amortizable over the remaining term of this Agreement. Nonetheless, subject to the provisions of
Section 15.9.2 below, you agree to incur such costs in connection with obtaining the computer
hardware and software comprising the Brand Technology (or additions, substitutions,
replacements or modifications thereto). You further acknowledge and agree that we have the right
to charge reasonable fees for software or systems modifications and enhancements specifically
made for us that are licensed to you and other maintenance and support services that we or our
affiliates furnish to you related to the Brand Technology. You may also incur charges from third
parties who render services or provide products that we require you to purchase or use. We shall
have independent access through monitoring programs or otherwise to data on your Brand
Technology, including sales figures. There are no contractual limitations on our right or timing to
access this information and data.

        Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, we reserve the right to require you to
acquire, install and continuously use the Domino's PULSE store computer system and to obtain a
license to use the software from us or our affiliate by signing our standard license agreement and
to acquire hardware approved by us from a vendor or vendors which we designate. We also reserve
the right to require you to participate in online ordering by entering into an agreement with an
approved online ordering service company that we designate. You will be responsible for the fees
and charges associated with your use of online ordering and the requisite internet usage and
connections, including the fees charged by the service provider. We may also require that you
continuously maintain high speed broadband connectivity, where available and to charge you a
reasonable fee if you do not maintain high speed broadband connectivity, which you agree to pay
on demand. You acknowledge and agree that changes to technology are dynamic and not
predictable within the term of this Agreement. In order to provide for inevitable but unpredictable
changes to technological needs and opportunities, you agree that we shall have the right to

                                                  28
SFA – 07/31/2024
