                 (d)      subject to applicable laws, you and your owners agree to execute a general
         release, in a form then prescribed by us, of any claims arising out of this Agreement against
         us and our affiliates, and our and their officers, directors, managers, agents, representatives
         and employees.

        This option to renew may not be exercised unless all of the preceding conditions are fully
satisfied. The option to renew is personal to you and may not be exercised by any other person or
entity without our prior written consent.

         3.2       Manner of Renewal.

        The new franchise agreement you must execute to renew the franchise shall be our then
current form of standard franchise agreement. You must also sign all other agreements we
customarily require at the time of renewal of the franchise. You understand that the renewal
franchise agreement may provide for higher royalty fees and greater expenditures for advertising
and promotion than are provided for in this Agreement and may contain other terms materially
different from the terms of this Agreement. The area of primary responsibility of the Store will
not be modified unless such modification is consistent with criteria then in effect for comparable
market areas. There will be no initial franchise or similar fee charged upon a renewal of the
franchise. You will also be entitled to renew the franchise at the end of the renewal term in
accordance with the renewal provisions, if any, contained in the franchise agreement executed by
you in connection with your renewal of the franchise.

         3.3       Notification of Expiration.

        Provided you are in compliance with this Agreement, including the provisions of Section
3.1, we will send all agreements relating to renewal of the franchise for your review and execution
approximately six (6) months prior to the expiration of this Agreement along with a notification
of the expiration of this Agreement. Your failure to return these agreements to us within thirty
(30) days of receipt will be deemed an election by you not to renew this Agreement. Our notice
will also state what actions, if any, you must take to correct the deficiencies in your operation of
the Store or whether we will require you to relocate or refurbish the premises of the Store as
provided in Section 3.1 above. We also will specify the time period in which these deficiencies
must be corrected or by which the refurbishing or relocation and development of the new premises
must be completed, provided that, in the event that the then current term of your lease or any
renewal lease does not expire concurrently with the expiration of this Agreement, we will not
require you to complete a relocation of your Store and development of the new premises until the
expiration of the then current term of your lease or any renewal lease. If we require you to relocate
the Store, our notice will identify the reasons for requiring relocation. Renewal of the franchise
will be conditioned on your continued compliance with all the terms and conditions of this
Agreement and all other agreements with us and our affiliates and subsidiaries and all other
creditors and suppliers of the Store up to the date of expiration.




                                                   9
SFA – 07/31/2024
