                                                     RECEIPT

This disclosure document summarizes certain provisions of the franchise agreement and other information in plain
language. Read this disclosure document and all agreements carefully.

If Domino’s Pizza Franchising LLC (“DPF”) offers you a franchise, it must provide this disclosure document to you
ten business days before you sign a binding agreement with, or make a payment to, the franchisor or an affiliate in
connection with the proposed franchise sale. [However, some state franchise laws require that DPF provide this
disclosure document to you at the first personal meeting held to discuss the franchise sale].

If DPF does not deliver this disclosure document on time or it contains a false or misleading statement, or a material
omission, a violation of federal and state law may have occurred and should be reported to the Federal Trade
Commission Washington, D. C. 20580 and your respective state agency.

The name, principal business address and telephone number of each franchise seller is as follows:
Colleen McCormick, Director – Regulatory Affairs and Contracts, Dominos’ Pizza Franchising LLC, 24 Frank Lloyd
Wright Drive, Ann Arbor, Michigan 48105-9484, (734) 930-3030.

Issuance Date: April 1, 2026.

We authorize the respective state agencies identified on Exhibit A to receive service of process for DPF in the
particular state. I have received a Disclosure Document dated April 1, 2026. (For state-specific effective dates, see
Exhibit A of this disclosure document) that included the following Exhibits:

                  A      List of State Agencies/Agents for Service of Process
                  B      List of Domino's Pizza Franchisees
                  B-1    List of Domino's Pizza Non-Traditional Franchisees
                  B-2    List of Franchisees Who Have Left the System
                  C      Domino’s Pizza Franchising LLC Financial Statements
                  D      Domino’s Pizza LLC Financial Statements
                  E      Standard Franchise Agreement
                  F      Non-Traditional Store Franchise Agreement
                  G      Development Agreement
                  H      Domino’s Pizza Help Desk Services Agreement
                  I      Sale of Assets Agreement
                  J      Domino’s PULSE Software License Agreement
                  K      Rider to Lease
                  L      Rider to Purchase Agreement
                  M      Operating Manual Table of Contents
                  N      Application for Franchise (Renewal)
                  O      Domino’s Pizza Online Ordering Franchisee Services Agreement
                  P      Term Sheet
                  Q      Global Positioning System Technology Platform Agreement
                  R      Domino’s Rider to Services Agreement




Date                                                  Printed Name



                                                      Signature
