                    WASHINGTON DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT ADDENDUM

The following language is added to the end of the Development Agreement:

In the event of a conflict of laws, the provisions of the Washington Franchise Investment
Protection Act, Chapter 19.100 RCW will prevail.

RCW 19.100.180 may supersede the franchise agreement in your relationship with the
franchisor including the areas of termination and renewal of your franchise. There may also
be court decisions which may supersede the franchise agreement in your relationship with the
franchisor including the areas of termination and renewal of your franchise.

In any arbitration or mediation involving a franchise purchased in Washington, the arbitration
or mediation site will be either in the state of Washington, or in a place mutually agreed upon
at the time of the arbitration or mediation, or as determined by the arbitrator or mediator at
the time of arbitration or mediation. In addition, if litigation is not precluded by the franchise
agreement, a franchisee may bring an action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with
the sale of franchises, or a violation of the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, in
Washington.

A release or waiver of rights executed by a franchisee may not include rights under the
Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act or any rule or order thereunder except when
executed pursuant to a negotiated settlement after the agreement is in effect and where the
parties are represented by independent counsel. Provisions such as those which unreasonably
restrict or limit the statute of limitations period for claims under the Act, or rights or remedies
under the Act such as a right to a jury trial, may not be enforceable.

Transfer fees are collectable to the extent that they reflect the franchisor’s reasonable
estimated or actual costs in effecting a transfer.

Pursuant to RCW 49.62.020, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable against an
employee, including an employee of a franchisee, unless the employee’s earnings from the
party seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $100,000 per year (an amount that will
be adjusted annually for inflation). In addition, a noncompetition covenant is void and
unenforceable against an independent contractor of a franchisee under RCW 49.62.030 unless
the independent contractor’s earnings from the party seeking enforcement, when annualized,
exceed $250,000 per year (an amount that will be adjusted annually for inflation). As a result,
any provisions contained in the franchise agreement or elsewhere that conflict with these
limitations are void and unenforceable in Washington.
