                  (i)   e-mail capabilities of the Store and other electronic communication
         methods (including high speed broadband connectivity, high speed broadband monitoring,
         and methods and means of encryption and access to our network resources) and devices to
         facilitate communication with us or our offices, including the exchange of information
         between the Store and us; and,

                   (j)   the method and manner of payment which will be accepted from customers.

       By entering into this Agreement, you agree to abide by these specifications, standards,
operating procedures and rules and to fully adopt and implement them.

         15.2      Compliance with Laws and Other Business Practices.

        You agree to secure and maintain in force all required licenses, permits and certificates and
operate the Store in full compliance with all applicable laws, ordinances and regulations. You also
agree to pay when due all amounts payable pursuant to any provision of this Agreement or any
other agreement with us or our affiliates or subsidiaries or pursuant to any agreement with any
other creditor or supplier of the Store. You shall file all tax returns and pay all taxes before they
become delinquent. You agree not to permit any levy or warrant to be issued by any taxing
authority or other creditor, (excluding mechanics liens and other immaterial liens), against any of
your assets, nor allow any of your assets to be seized or frozen by any taxing authority or other
creditor. Furthermore, if you are subject to any withholding taxes on royalty fees or other
payments due, you shall provide us with quarterly evidence that such tax has been remitted to the
appropriate governmental agency on a quarterly basis.

        You agree to abide by the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards enacted by the
applicable Card Associations, applicable to your business. If you know or suspect a security
breach, you shall immediately notify us. You shall promptly identify and remediate the source of
the compromise. You assume all responsibility for providing all notices of breach or compromise
and all duties to monitor credit histories and transactions concerning your customers. Without
limiting the generality of other provisions of this Agreement, you agree to defend, indemnify and
hold us and our affiliates harmless from and against any and all claims, demands, duties,
obligations, damages, fines and/or penalties imposed upon you as a result of non-compliance with
the Payment Card Industry requirements.

         You and your owners acknowledge that Executive Order 13224 (the "Executive Order")
prohibits transactions with terrorists and terrorist organizations and that the government of the
United States has adopted and may in the future adopt other anti-terrorism measures (the "Anti-
Terrorism Measures"). You certify that neither you or your owners nor any of your employees,
affiliates or any other person or entity associated with the Store is: (1) a person or entity listed in
the Annex to the Executive Order; (2) a person or entity otherwise determined pursuant to the
Executive Order to have committed acts of terrorism or to pose a significant risk of committing
acts of terrorism (such a person or entity and those persons and entities listed in the Annex to the
Executive Order are referred to herein as "Terrorists"); (3) a person or entity who assists, sponsors
or who supports Terrorists or acts of Terrorism ("Sponsors of Terrorism"); or (4) owned or
controlled by Terrorists or Sponsors of Terrorism. Furthermore, you covenant that neither you or
your owners, nor any of your employees, affiliates or any other person or entity associated with

                                                  24
SFA – 07/31/2024
