               ii.   I have not used the Operating Manual, Customer Lists, or any other information
                     concerning the Domino’s system in any other businesses or in any manner not
                     explicitly approved by Domino’s Pizza in writing, as required by the SFA; and

              iii.   I have devoted full time and efforts (excluding reasonable vacation periods) to the
                     management of the Store or other Domino’s Pizza Stores and have not engaged in
                     any other business activity without Domino’s Pizza’s prior written consent; and

              iv.    I have not been convicted of a felony, or a crime which substantially impairs the
                     goodwill associated with the Marks, nor have I or any of the other owners engaged in
                     any conduct which adversely affects the reputation of the Store or the Domino’s
                     System or the goodwill associated with the Marks or involves dishonesty, fraud,
                     deceit, illegal conduct misrepresentation or moral turpitude.

  9. I have received Domino’s Pizza’s most current version of the Franchise Disclosure
Document (the “FDD”), which includes, among other items, the most current form of the SFA.

   10. I acknowledge that the FDD receipt form, this Application and all other documents required
by Domino’s Pizza to issue the renewal SFA must be fully executed and received by Domino’s Pizza
by __________________ in order for Domino’s Pizza to issue the renewal SFA. I further
acknowledge that once I receive the renewed SFA, I will have thirty (30) days to fully execute and
return it to Domino’s Pizza and my failure to return the renewal SFA within thirty (30) days of
receipt will be deemed an election by me to not renew the SFA.

   11. I give Domino’s Pizza permission to obtain background information, including but not
limited to references, credit reports, motor vehicle reports, information from governmental agencies
and others concerning residency status and employments eligibility and conduct criminal
investigations, at this time and from time-to-time thereafter and I release Domino’s Pizza and/or its
agents and any person or entity which provides information pursuant to this authorization, from any
liabilities, claims or causes of action in regards to the information obtained from any and all of the
references used.

   12. I acknowledge that the representations and statements contained in this Application are
accurate and complete and I have fully disclosed all information relating thereto. I also acknowledge
that this Application is being delivered to Domino’s Pizza to induce it to enter into the renewal SFA.

FRANCHISEE/CONTROLLING OWNER:




By:

Its:

Dated:



                                                      2
August 2012
