based upon his/her ownership interest in the franchise and must agree to be bound by each
provision of the Franchise Agreement or Development Agreement including the confidentiality,
non-disclosure and non-competition provisions.



                         Item 16: Restrictions on What the Franchisee May Sell

       You must offer for sale all products we require and make all menu items available for
carry-out and delivery from the Store. You may not offer for sale any products that we have not
approved (See Items 8 and 9). We can periodically change the types of authorized products and
services and there is no limit on our right to make these changes.

        We may periodically adjust the boundaries in which your Store offers delivery service to
reflect changing market conditions, population changes and other relevant considerations. If we
revise these boundaries, you must adjust the size of your delivery service area. During the
approved hours of operation, you must offer delivery from your Store to customers within your
delivery service area, following the rules we periodically establish. We may permit you to offer
delivery services from your Non-Traditional Store. You may serve any customer provided you do
so from the Store under our standards. (See Item 12)



                 Item 17: Renewal, Termination, Transfer and Dispute Resolution

                                              ITEM 17 TABLE:

                                 THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP

      This table lists certain important provisions of the franchise and related agreements.
You should read these provisions in the agreements attached to this disclosure document.

                                 Section in Standard Franchise
                                   or Non-Traditional Store
             Provision               Franchise Agreement                        Summary
 a.      Term of the            Section 2.2                      10 years for the Standard Franchise
         franchise                                               Agreement and the Non-Traditional Store
                                                                 Franchise Agreement
 b.      Renewal or             Section 3.1                      10 year renewal if you meet certain
         extension of the                                        requirements for the Standard Franchise
         term                                                    Agreement and the Non-Traditional Store
                                                                 Franchise Agreement. You are required
                                                                 to sign our then current form of franchise
                                                                 agreement which may contain other terms
                                                                 materially different from the terms of
                                                                 your original franchise agreement.

April 2026                                          49
