       5.     Grant of Franchises. We will grant you a franchise for the operation of a Store at
a proposed site within the Development Area upon our approval of a completed application
submitted by you in the form prescribed by us, provided that we determine in our sole judgment
that:

                          (a)    you and your owners have the financial capacity and necessary
                  skills and experience to develop and operate the Store based upon criteria
                  established by us from time to time;

                         (b)     the site which you have proposed for the Store within the
                  Development Area is a suitable site for a Store based upon criteria established by
                  us from time to time;

                         (c)    you and your owners are in compliance with this Agreement and
                  all Domino’s Pizza Franchise Agreements; and

                         (d)    you and your owners have furnished all information we may
                  reasonably require in evaluating your application.

        6.     Agreements to be Executed. You and your owners agree to execute our then-
current form of franchise agreement (the "Franchise Agreement") for each Store developed
pursuant to this Agreement, providing for an initial franchise fee (or similar fee) equivalent to
that provided in the then current Franchise Agreement as reflected in the policies adopted from
time to time by us.

        7.     Management and/or Supervision of Stores. You must devote your full time and
efforts (excepting reasonable vacation periods) to the management and/or supervision of Stores
within the Development Area. If you are an Approved Entity, the Controlling Person must
devote his/her full time and efforts (excepting reasonable vacation periods) to the management
and/or supervision of Stores within the Development Area.

        8.     Payments. You agree to pay a Development Fee in the amount of thousand
dollars and zero cents ($ ,000.00).

         9.       Termination.

                 9.1    Mutual Termination. This Agreement and all rights and obligations of
         the parties may be terminated at any time by the mutual agreement of the parties.

                 9.2     By DPF. We may terminate this Agreement effective upon delivery of
         written notice to you if:

                                (i)     you fail to meet the Development Requirements set forth in
                         Section 4 hereof;

                                 (ii)  you or your owners fail to comply with any other provision
                         of this Agreement;



January 2023 DA                                        2
