                                            Attachment B
                                                  To
                              Domino's Pulse Software License Agreement
                                  Software Enhancement Agreement

1. Software Enhancement Services
1.1 Provided that License Holder is using the then current version of Software in use in the majority of domestic Domino's stores
(version "N") or the immediately preceding version of Software ("N-1"), is current in paying all applicable Software Enhancement
Fees and is not otherwise in default under this Agreement, DPL will provide License Holder with the following Software
Enhancement Services:

(a) Enhancement and maintenance of Domino's Pulse and related store and internet-based technologies provided as components of
Domino's Pulse ("Core Pulse Functionality") with the Domino's Pulse License Fee and Annual Software Enhancement Fee.

(b) DPL will continue to use reasonable efforts to correct any Software error, and will provide to License Holder any error corrections,
enhancements and updates to the Software which are developed and published by DPL and made generally available to other
licensees of the Software at no additional cost. Error corrections will remedy any documented failure of the Software to perform in
substantial conformance with the then-applicable user documentation. Minor mistakes in the user documentation are not considered
errors in the Software, and DPL may revise the user Documentation to correctly describe the intended operation.

2. Annual Software Enhancement Fees
2.1 No charge for the initial twelve (12) month period following the installation of the Software at the Store ("Installation Date").
License Holder shall pay the Annual Software Enhancement Fee as per Attachment A. This fee will be due and payable annually
upon receipt of invoice.

2.2 DPL may increase the Annual Software Enhancement Fee not more than once each year with sixty (60) days prior written notice
to the License Holder. The increases to the Annual Software Enhancement Fee may be reviewed by OPAC. The amount of any such
annual increase shall not exceed five percent (5%) of the previous year's Annual Software Enhancement Fee, unless the OPAC
approves a greater increase, but in any event no annual increase shall exceed ten percent (10%) of the previous year's Annual
Software Enhancement Fee.

2.3 DPL may at its own discretion make quarterly payment plans available to License Holders.

2.4 License Holder shall only be liable for Annual Software Enhancement Fees during the term of this Agreement.

3. Other
3.1 Third party software and operating system software may carry its own maintenance, warranty, or enhancement fees. These third-
party maintenance, warranty, or enhancement fees will be billed to License Holder without markup to DPL or rebate to DPL. Any
updates that DPL requires for the Software to operate properly will be provided to License Holder at a cost not to exceed pre-vailing
market rates without markup to DPL or rebate to DPL.

3.2 DPL reserves the right to charge a reasonable connectivity fee to deliver Software Enhancement Services to License Holders
who do not have DSL connections and use a dialup connection that results in costs to DPL. License Holder agrees to pay any such
connectivity fees upon receipt of invoice from DPL.




   January 2026                                                                                                                         7
