to other agreements between Franchisee and Domino's, or pursuant to this Agreement. All prices and payments are in U.S.
dollars.

2.3 The Web Order transaction fee invoiced by Domino's pursuant to Section 2.1 of this Agreement may be affected by
external pressures including but not limited to changes in third party charges, overall usage of OLO by the Domino's Pizza
system and technological advances. Accordingly, Domino's reserves the right to adjust (either increase or decrease) the
Web Order transaction fee described in Section 2.1 of this Agreement at any time with ninety (90) days prior notice to
Franchisee. The Domino's Operations Advisory Council will review any Web Order transaction fee increases. Such
changes to the Web Order transaction fee, if any, would apply only to Online Orders completed after such notice of such a
Web Order transaction fee adjustment is given.

3. Ownership Rights; Nondisclosure
3.1 All rights to patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets in the OLO or any modifications shall remain with
Domino's and/or with the respective manufacturer or author.

3.2 Domino's may immediately terminate this Agreement in the event Franchisee violates or infringes on the intellectual
property rights of another with respect to OLO, or challenges the ownership rights as set out above in section 3.1.

4. Limitation of Liability
DOMINO'S SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY WHATSOEVER UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FOR ANY DAMAGES,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, LOSS
OF PROFITS OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, WHETHER BASED ON TORT OR
BREACH OF CONTRACT CLAIMS OR ON ANY OTHER BASIS, EVEN IF IT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

5. Franchisee Data
Franchisee agrees that Domino's may, at any time, have full access, both on-site and from a remote location, to all of
Franchisee's computer data, equipment and systems containing any and all of the information, records and reports relating to
OLO and to use the data in the evaluation of OLO and in the preparation of invoices for OLO in accordance with this
Agreement. Domino's will use the same degree of care to protect against the unauthorized use of the information by third
parties as it does with respect to its own information of a similar type. In addition, Domino's is responsible for the security
of cardholder data that Domino's possesses or stores, processes or transmits on behalf of the Franchisee, or to the extent that
they could impact the security of the Franchisee's cardholder data environment.

6. General
6.1 This Agreement and all addenda, if any, supersedes in full all prior discussions and agreements, oral and written,
between the parties relating to OLO and Online Orders and constitutes the entire agreement between the parties relating
to OLO and Online Orders. This Agreement may be modified or supplemented only in writing signed by an authorized
representative of each party.

6.2 Neither party shall be liable for delays in any of its performance hereunder due to causes beyond its reasonable
control, including, but not limited to, acts of God, strikes or inability to maintain labor or materials on time.

6.3 If any provision of this Agreement shall be deemed illegal or otherwise unenforceable, that portion shall be severed
and the remainder of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. A waiver shall be effective only if made in
writing and signed by an authorized representative of both parties. The waiver of any right or election of any remedy in
one instance shall not affect any rights or remedies in another instance.

6.4 All required notices under this Agreement shall be given by regular mail, facsimile or other electronic system such
as email.

If to Domino's:       Domino's Pizza LLC
                      30 Frank Lloyd Wright Drive
                      Ann Arbor, MI 48106



If to Franchisee, required notices shall be addressed to the most current business address, home address or email address
sent by Franchisee to Domino's in writing.




OLO – April 1, 2026
