OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. ALL SUCH
WARRANTIES ARE HEREBY EXPRESSLY EXCLUDED BY DOMINO'S AND FOREVER WAIVED BY
FRANCHISEE. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION GIVEN BY DOMINO'S, ITS AFFILIATES, ITS SUBSIDIARIES, OR
ITS CONTRACTORS OR THEIR RESPECTIVE EMPLOYEES SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY OR OBLIGATION
OF DOMINO'S. In the event that any of the Disclaimed Warranties cannot be disclaimed or waived under applicable law,
Franchisee's sole and exclusive remedy for breach of such Disclaimed Warranty will be the replacement of the Platform, at
no additional cost to Franchisee.
Franchisee expressly acknowledges and agrees that neither Domino's nor any of its affiliates shall have any liability
whatsoever under this Agreement for any damages that Franchisee may allege are caused by the use of the Platform or that
Franchisee may allege were not prevented by the use of the Platform including, but not limited to, special, indirect,
consequential, incidental, punitive, loss of profits, or exemplary damages under any circumstances, whether based on tort or
breach of contract claims or on any other basis, even if Domino's has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Franchisee further acknowledges and agrees that neither Domino's nor its affiliates are as a principal or primary business
engaged in providing the services offered as part of the Program to third parties, and have offered Franchisee the opportunity
to utilize the Platform expressly conditioned on Franchisee's acceptance of all of the caveats and disclaimers of liability set
forth herein. Franchisee's sole and exclusive remedy for any dissatisfaction with, or harm allegedly caused by, the Platform
shall be the termination of this Agreement. Franchisee also agrees to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Domino's and its
subsidiary or affiliated companies or any of its or their agents or employees, from and against any losses, damages, liabilities,
injuries, claims, suits, judgments, causes of action, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys' fees and costs)
arising from or relating to: (a) a breach of any obligation, representation, or warranty of Franchisee under this Agreement;
(b) any act or omission by Franchisee, its employees, agents, representatives, or contributors in the performance of this
Agreement including, but not limited to, those acts or omissions that constitute negligence, recklessness, or intentional/willful
misconduct; (c) the loss of sales, customers, or any decrease in revenue or profitability of Franchisee's Stores; or (d) any
allegation or claim brought by a third party that Franchisee's use of the Platform infringes the intellectual property rights of
any third party.
In addition to Franchisee's indemnification obligations under the Standard Franchise Agreement, Franchisee agrees to the
following indemnification obligation set forth below. If Domino's or its subsidiary or affiliated companies or any of its or
their agents or employees are required to produce records or testify at trial or in deposition or are subjected to any claim,
demand, or penalty, or become a party to any suit or other judicial or administrative proceeding brought by any person(s)
(including Franchisee's employee(s) or prior employee(s)) or any other person or entity by reason of any claimed act or
omission by Franchisee, its employees or agents, or by reason of Franchisee's or its employees' or agents' utilization of the
Platform, Franchisee shall defend and indemnify and hold Domino's, its subsidiary and affiliated companies, or any of its or
their agents or employees, harmless against all judgments, settlements, penalties, and expenses, including attorney's fees,
court costs, and other expenses of litigation or administrative proceeding, incurred by or imposed on Domino's, its subsidiary
and affiliated companies, or any of its or their agents or employees, in connection with the testimony, production,
investigation, or defense relating to such claim, litigation, or administrative proceeding. Franchisee's indemnification
obligations described above will continue in full force and effect after, and notwithstanding, the expiration or termination of
this Agreement or the Standard Franchise Agreement.


5. Franchisee Platform Data

Franchisee agrees that Domino's may, at any time, have full access, both on-site and from a remote location, to all of
Franchisee's computer data, equipment and systems containing any and all of the information, records and reports relating to
the Platform and to use the data in the evaluation of the Platform. Domino's may retain a copy or a complete backup on its
system of any data it has access to pursuant to this Agreement. Domino's will use the same degree of care to protect against
unauthorized use of the information by third parties as it does with respect to its own information of a similar type. For the
avoidance of doubt, any data accessed by Domino's shall remain the property of Franchisee as a data controller and any use
of the data by Domino's shall be solely in its capacity as a data processor.

6. Compliance with Laws

Franchisee agrees to comply with all applicable federal, state, and local laws, statutes, codes, ordinances, regulations, rules,
and common law related to its use of the Platform including, but not limited to, those related to the use, monitoring, collection,
and retention of GPS location and other information, the safe use of the Platform, any reimbursement or payment to its
employees, and the tax treatment of any reimbursement or payment to its employees. Franchisee agrees to consult its own
legal counsel to ensure compliance with all applicable federal, state, and local laws, statutes, codes, ordinances, regulations,
rules, and common law.


OLO – January 1, 2018
