Other Assets
      Current and long-term other assets primarily include prepaid expenses such as insurance, taxes, deposits, notes
receivable, software licenses, implementation costs for cloud-based computing arrangements, covenants not-to-
compete and other intangible assets primarily arising from franchise acquisitions.
      Other long-term assets included implementation costs for cloud-based computing arrangements (primarily
related to certain enterprise systems and other infrastructure assets) of $16.2 million and $14.5 million, net of
accumulated amortization of $14.5 million and $9.7 million as of December 28, 2025 and December 29, 2024,
respectively. Amortization expense for implementation costs for cloud-based computing arrangements was $4.8
million, $3.5 million and $2.7 million in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Property, Plant and Equipment
     Additions to property, plant and equipment are recorded at cost. Repair and maintenance costs are expensed as
incurred. Depreciation and amortization expense are recorded using the straight-line method over the estimated
useful lives of the related assets.
     Estimated useful lives are generally as follows (in years):
Buildings                                                                                                 20
Leasehold and other improvements                                                                        5 – 15
Equipment                                                                                               3 – 15
     Depreciation and amortization expense on property, plant and equipment was $54.2 million, $55.8 million and
$52.4 million in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Impairments of Long-Lived Assets
      The Company evaluates long-lived assets, including property, plant, equipment and finite-lived intangible
assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets
may not be recoverable. If the Company determines that the carrying amount of an asset (or asset group) may not be
recoverable, the Company compares the net carrying value of the asset group to the undiscounted net cash flows to
be generated from the use and eventual disposition of that asset group. For Company-owned stores, the Company
performs this evaluation on an operating market basis, which the Company has determined to be the lowest level for
which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of other cash flows. If the carrying amount of a long-lived
asset exceeds the amount of the expected future undiscounted cash flows of that asset, the Company estimates the
fair value of the assets. If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset, an
impairment loss is recognized, and the asset is written down to its estimated fair value. The Company did not record
any impairment losses on long-lived assets in 2025, 2024 and 2023.
Investments in Marketable Securities
      Investments in marketable securities consist of investments in various mutual funds made by eligible
individuals as part of the Company’s deferred compensation plan (Note 7). These investments are stated at aggregate
fair value, are restricted and have been placed in a rabbi trust whereby the amounts are irrevocably set aside to fund
the Company’s obligations under the deferred compensation plan. The Company classifies and accounts for these
investments in marketable securities as trading securities.
Goodwill
     The Company’s goodwill amounts primarily relate to franchise store acquisitions. The Company performs its
required impairment tests in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year and did not recognize any goodwill impairment
charges in 2025, 2024 and 2023.




                                                           9
