prescribed from time to time by us and communicated to you in writing, will constitute provisions
of this Agreement as if contained in this Agreement.

        15.5       New Concepts.

       If you develop any new concept, process or improvement or any slogan in the operation or
promotion of the Store, or technology used in connection with the operation of the Store, you agree
to promptly notify us and provide us with all necessary information without compensation. You
acknowledge that any such concept, process or improvement or slogan shall become our property
and that we may utilize or disclose this information to other franchisees.

        15.6       Franchisee Must Directly Supervise Store.

         The Store shall at all times be under the direct, on premises supervision of you (or the
Controlling Person if you are an Approved Entity). You (or the Controlling Person if you are an
Approved Entity) must devote full time and efforts (excluding reasonable vacation periods) as
manager of the Store or to the management of other Domino's Pizza Stores (or other related
activities approved by us in accordance with Section 7.1 of this Agreement). You shall be solely
responsible for recruiting, hiring, training, scheduling for work, supervising and paying the persons
who work in the Store and those persons shall be your employees, and not our agents or employees.
Further, neither you nor any of your owners may, during the term of this Agreement, without our
prior written consent, which may be withheld in our sole judgment, (i) engage, or own any interest,
in any other business activity, (ii) be employed by any other business, (iii) engage in any activity
which may impair your ability to fulfill your obligations under this Agreement or (iv) engage in
any conduct which, in our judgment, adversely affects the reputation of the Store or the Domino's
System or the goodwill associated with the Marks or involves dishonesty, fraud, deceit, illegal
conduct, misrepresentation or moral turpitude.

        If you own more than one Store, each Store must also be under the direct, on premises
supervision of a manager, whose conduct (including, without limitation, acts or failure to act) you
will be responsible for, and:

                          (a)      who has been properly trained by you on all specifications,
                   standards, operating procedures and rules from time to time prescribed for the
                   operation of a Domino's Pizza Store including, without limitation, proper reporting
                   of royalty sales;

                          (b)     whose identity has been disclosed to us; and

                          (c)     who shall have executed, upon our request, an agreement in the form
                   provided by us agreeing not to divulge any trade secret or confidential or
                   proprietary information, including the contents of the Operating Manual, or to
                   engage in or have any interest in any other carry out or delivery pizza store business.

        15.7       Insurance.

       You shall at all times during the term of the franchise maintain in force at your sole
expense:

                                                     25
NTA – 04/01/2025
