      4. Assignment of Lease. Anything contained in the Lease to the contrary notwithstanding, Landlord agrees that the
      Lease and the right, title and interest of the Tenant and any subsequent or successor Tenant thereunder, shall be
      sold and assigned by Tenant, but only upon and with the sole authorization and management of DPF in
      accordance to the terms of the Tenant’s FA with DPF, to Domino’s Pizza LLC or to a Successor Tenant provided
      Landlord receives notice of such assignment, and further provided, that the assignee shall execute such documents
      evidencing its agreement to thereafter keep and perform, all of the obligations of Tenant arising under the Lease from
      and after the time of such assignment. Further, Successor Tenant shall have no responsibility for prior defaults under
      the Lease and Landlord shall not terminate the Lease upon assignment.

      In addition, anything contained in the Lease to the contrary notwithstanding, Landlord agrees to allow a change in the
      controlling interest of the Tenant and any subsequent or successor Tenant thereunder, in the event such controlling owner
      is Domino’s Pizza LLC or an approved franchisee of DPF, without the consent of Landlord, provided, however, that Landlord
      shall be provided notice of such change in controlling interest.

      5. Notice of Default. Landlord shall give written notice to Domino's Pizza LLC, as Manager, Attn: Franchise Services
      Department (via email at franchise.services@dominos.com), (concurrently with the giving of such notice to Tenant), of
      any default by Tenant under the Lease and Domino’s Pizza LLC may cure such default at its sole option within thirty
      (30) days receipt of said notice. Notice shall be sent via USPS mailing services to PO Box 485, Ann Arbor, MI 48105-
      0485, or via any overnight courier services requiring a street address to 24 Frank Lloyd Wright Drive, Suite F1200, Ann
      Arbor, MI 48105-9484.


      6. Adequate Parking. Notwithstanding any parking provisions defined in the Lease, Landlord agrees that Tenant’s
      active Retail Delivery Drivers will be exempt from any mandated “employee parking” designated by Landlord. Rather,
      the retail delivery drivers may be permitted to park as near or adjacent to the Premises as possible for the loading and
      unloading of their vehicles in service of Tenant’s Delivery Customers. Drivers must not park in front of other tenant’s spaces
      when the businesses are open. Tenant’s in-store employees shall abide by any employee parking requirements defined
      in the Lease.

      7. Standard Signage. It is requested that Tenant be permitted to install the customary and usual Domino’s Pizza display
      signs (including pole-type or tenant-shared signs if they are permitted and/or available) on and adjacent to the Premises,
      subject to the conditions set forth in the Lease or any Lease Exhibits. Renderings of the signs, advertisements, notices,
      logos, lettering, standard images, and advertising practices of the Domino’s Pizza LLC advertising program, are attached
      to this rider to provide general guidance of the Domino’s signage program. Tenant shall be responsible for coordinating
      with a professional signage company for the actual signage design to be manufactured and installed upon the Premises
      once all approvals and permissions have been received.

      8 . Adjoining Uses. No operation currently exists, and Landlord shall not permit, directly or indirectly, another quick
      service pizza restaurant which sells pizza for delivery or carry out (“Competing Business”) to be operated within the
      Shopping Center including out parcels and pad sites that is a direct competitor (including, but not limited to, Pizza Hut,
      Papa John’s, Little Caesars and Papa’s Pizza, (list other major regional competitors if applicable)). The aforementioned
      restriction shall not apply to: (i) any existing leases at the Shopping Center as the same may be renewed, extended, modified
      or amended (except that no such renewal, extension, modification or amendment shall grant a tenant the right to engage
      in the Exclusive Use where such tenant did not previously have that right), or (ii) any store measuring 5,000 sq. ft. or more;
      or (iii) a full service sit-down restaurant; or (iv) a buffet style pizza restaurant; or (v) any portion of the Shopping Center that
      is not owned by Landlord.

      Should Landlord violate this provision, all rent shall abate in full until such time that the Competing Business no longer
      occupies space in the Shopping Center. Should the Competing Business remain open and in business for a period in
      excess of three hundred sixty-five (365) days Tenant may terminate the Lease forthwith with thirty (30) days written notice
      thereof delivered to Landlord.

      9.   Damage to Premises. In the event the Premises or any material portion thereof or any adjoining property

                                                                                                                                         2
Lease Policy and Rider – March 2022
