in this Section 19 and is not to be deemed a conclusive indication of the value of the Store under
other circumstances or where an agreement to purchase the Store has been negotiated by you or
your owners.




20.      RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS.

         20.1      In-Term Covenant.

       In addition to all other obligations in the Agreement, you agree that, during the term of this
Agreement, you or your owners will not, directly or indirectly for the benefit of you or your
owners, or through or on behalf of or in conjunction with any other person, partnership or
corporation, own, engage in, be employed by, advise, assist, invest in, franchise, make loans to, or
have any other interest, whether financial or otherwise, in any other carry-out or delivery pizza
store business (except for other Domino's Pizza Stores operated under franchise agreements
entered into with us or other Domino's Pizza Stores in which you or your owners have an
ownership interest).

         20.2      Post-Term Covenant.

        You agree that, for a period of one (1) year after termination or expiration of this
Agreement, or the date on which you cease to operate the Store, whichever is later, you or your
owners will not, directly or indirectly for the benefit of you or your owners, or through or on behalf
of or in conjunction with any other person, partnership or corporation, own, engage in, be
employed by, advise, assist, invest in, franchise, make loans to, or have any other interest, whether
financial or otherwise, in any carry-out or delivery pizza store business located at the premises of
the Store or within ten (10) miles of the premises of the Store (except for other Domino's Pizza
Stores operated under franchise agreements with us or other Domino's Pizza Stores in which you
or your owners shall have an ownership interest). The covenant contained in this section shall not
be deemed to impair, modify or change any covenant not to compete contained in any agreement
for the purchase and sale of the Store and shall be in addition to all other obligations you have
under this Agreement to us or our affiliates upon termination or expiration of this Agreement.

         20.3      Ownership of Public Companies.

        The covenants contained in this Section 20 shall not apply to ownership of less than a five
percent (5%) beneficial interest in the outstanding equity securities of any corporation whose stock
is publicly traded.

         20.4      Customer Lists and Trade Secrets.

       You agree to maintain the absolute confidentiality of the Operating Manual and all other
information concerning the Domino's System, whether provided by us or a third party, during and

                                                 38
SFA – 07/31/2024
