17.      INSPECTIONS.

        We or our designee will have the right at any time during business hours and without prior
notice to conduct reasonable inspections of the Store, its operations and its business records,
including, but not limited to, information from the Store's computers, and records and documents
relating to the ownership and control of the Approved Entity and any other entity that has an
interest in the operation of the Store, wherever located and to take a physical inventory of the assets
of the Store. You agree that we may conduct all or part of an inspection, either on-site or from a
remote location. Inspections of the Store will be made at our expense, unless we are required to
make any additional inspections in connection with your failure to comply with this Agreement.
In such event, we will have the right to charge you for the costs of making all additional inspections
in connection with your failure to comply, including without limitation the travel expenses, room
and board and compensation of our or our designee's employees. You and your owners agree to
fully comply and cooperate with any and all inspections, including, but not limited to, you, your
owners and your employees treating our personnel in a professional manner.

18.      TERMINATION AND EXPIRATION.

         18.1      Termination By Franchisee.

        If you are in compliance with this Agreement and we breach this Agreement and fail to
cure any breach within thirty (30) days after written notice is delivered to us, you may terminate
this Agreement and the franchise effective ten (10) days after delivery of notice to us. A
termination of this Agreement and the franchise by you without complying with these requirements
or for any reason other than our breach of this Agreement and our failure to cure the breach within
thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice from you shall be deemed a termination by you
without cause and not in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

         18.2.1 Immediate Termination By DPF - Upon Written Notice.

       We shall have the right to terminate this Agreement effective upon delivery of notice of
termination to you, if:

                (a)      you or any of your owners have made any material misrepresentation on
         any record or report required by us under this Agreement or on your application for the
         franchise, or in any other application submitted to us;

               (b)       you do not open the Store within six (6) months from the date of this
         Agreement;

                 (c)     you or any of your owners is judged a bankrupt, becomes insolvent, makes
         an assignment for the benefit of creditors, is unable to pay his or her debts as they become
         due, or a petition under any bankruptcy law is filed against you or any of your owners or a
         receiver or other custodian is appointed for a substantial part of the assets of the Store;

                (d)    you abandon or fail to continuously and actively operate the Store, or,
         without our prior written consent, permit any person other than a qualified employee


                                                  31
SFA – 07/31/2024
