limitation, e-mail, shall be addressed to us at our most current principal business address or to you
at the most current principal business address, e-mail address or home address of which we have
been notified in writing. You are obligated to provide us with a correct current address for your
home and business and to notify us of any change in address within ten (10) business days. If you
maintain an e-mail address for your business you agree to provide us with your business e-mail
address and notify us of any change in your e-mail address within ten (10) business days. You
understand and agree that providing us with notice of changes in addresses (including e-mail
address) shall be made in the manner provided in this section for giving notices. If you fail to
timely notify us of a change of address (including e-mail, business or home), all notices sent to the
prior address will be deemed properly delivered.



         22.8      Independent Contractors.

        The parties to this Agreement are independent contractors and no training, assistance or
supervision which we may give or offer to you shall be deemed to negate such independence or
create a legal duty on our part. Neither we nor any of our affiliates shall be liable for any damages
to any person or property arising directly or indirectly out of the operation of the Store, including
but not limited to those damages which may occur while your employees are making or returning
from making deliveries, or arising out of your delivery service policies. Nor shall we or any of
our affiliates have any liability for any taxes levied upon you, your business, or the Store. The
parties further acknowledge and agree the relationship created by this Agreement and the
relationship between us is not a fiduciary relationship nor one of principal and agent. Furthermore,
neither we nor our affiliates have any relationship with your employees and have no rights, duties,
or responsibilities with regard to their employment by you. You acknowledge and agree that you
do not have the authority to act for or on our behalf or to contractually bind us or our affiliates to
any agreement. No party to this Agreement shall have any authority to assume any liability for
the acts of the other, or to alter the legal relationships of the other. Only the named parties to this
Agreement shall have rights hereunder and you shall not have any rights under any other franchise
agreement to which you are not a party.

         22.9      Standard of Reasonableness.

        Unless otherwise stated in this Agreement, we agree to exercise reasonable judgment with
respect to all determinations to be made by us under the terms of this Agreement.

          22.10 Acknowledgments.

                 (a)     The following acknowledgments are made by and binding upon all
         franchisees signing this Agreement, except those franchisees and franchises that are subject
         to the state franchise registration/disclosure laws in California, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana,
         Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North Dakota, Rhode Island, South Dakota,
         Virginia, Washington, or Wisconsin:

                (i)     You acknowledge that you have read this Agreement and our Franchise
         Disclosure Document and been given an opportunity to obtain clarification of any
         provision that you did not understand.

                                                  46
SFA – 07/31/2024
