                          (a)     property insurance on a replacement cost basis at a minimum limit
                   based on the total value of your assets (including, but not limited to, fire, extended
                   coverage, vandalism and malicious mischief),

                          (b)     general liability insurance with a minimum limit of $1,500,000.00
                   per occurrence (including, but not limited to, coverage for personal injury, products
                   and contractual liability),

                           (c)     automobile liability insurance with a minimum limit of
                   $1,500,000.00 per occurrence (including, but not limited to, owned automobiles
                   titled or leased in the name of you or your owners and used at any time, whether
                   principally or occasionally in your business, hired and non-owned coverage). If
                   you or your owners do not use a vehicle owned or leased in the name of you or any
                   of your owners in your business, you must provide written evidence of that fact,
                   satisfactory to us; and

                           (d)     workers' compensation insurance (in your name) as required by
                   applicable law. If no such law exists, then you must participate in such other
                   comparable insurance or benefit programs for your employees as required by us. If
                   your state recognizes and permits self-insurer programs, your participation in such
                   program will satisfy our requirements under this subsection (d). If deductible plans
                   are approved and used in your state, coverage may be purchased on this basis
                   subject to the requirements of your insurance carrier.

        All liability insurance policies must name us, and any subsidiaries and affiliates which we
designate, as additional insureds entitled to the coverage afforded to all named insureds, without
regard to any other insurance or self insured program which we or our affiliates may have in effect,
and also provide that we receive thirty (30) days prior written notice of termination, expiration,
cancellation, modification or reduction in coverage or limits of any such policy. The terms and
conditions of all such policies, including the amount of any deductibles, shall be consistent with
the requirements prescribed from time to time by us. You agree to promptly pay when requested
by the insurer the amount of the deductible applicable to, and in the event of, any covered loss.

        All insurance policies (excluding workers' compensation policies) must be issued by an
insurance carrier rated B+ or better by Alfred M. Best & Company, Inc. or meeting such other
rating or criteria we may establish from time to time. We may also reasonably increase the
minimum liability "limit" protection requirement annually and require different or additional kinds
of insurance to reflect inflation, changes in standards of liability, higher damage awards in public,
product or motor vehicle litigation or other relevant changes in circumstances. You must submit
to us annually a copy of the certificate of insurance or evidence of the renewal or extension of each
such insurance policy or any modifications to any such insurance policies, which must describe
the applicable deductibles for each such policy. If at any time you fail or refuse to maintain in
effect any insurance coverage required by us, or to furnish satisfactory evidence of such insurance,
we may, at our option and in addition to our other rights and remedies we may have, obtain
insurance coverage, on your behalf, and you agree to promptly execute any applications or other
forms or instruments required to obtain any such insurance and pay to us on demand any costs and



                                                     26
NTA – 04/01/2025
