the operation of a Domino's Pizza Non-Traditional Store and other related activities approved by
us in writing. You shall not allow the premises of the Store to be used for any purpose which in
our judgment, adversely affects the reputation of the Store or the goodwill associated with the
Marks or involves dishonesty, fraud, deceit, illegal conduct, misrepresentation, or moral turpitude.

        7.2        Relocation; Damage, or Condemnation.

        In the event the Store is destroyed or rendered unusable, we may grant permission for the
Store to be repaired, restored or reconstructed at the existing location. Any repair, restoration,
reconstruction or relocation will be at your sole expense. The Store, whether we grant permission
for you to repair, restore, reconstruct or relocate, must be open and operating no later than six (6)
months after its closure. In addition, within ten (10) days of vacating the Store premises, you must
make such reasonable modifications to the exterior and interior of the Store (including signage,
menu boards, job aids, product photos, and the like) as we require to fully eliminate its
identification and appearance as a Domino's Pizza Store. If you fail or refuse to fully de-identify
the Store to the extent and in the manner required by this Agreement, we may, at our option and
in addition to other rights and remedies we may have, make the modifications that are
contemplated by this Agreement on your behalf and you agree to promptly pay and reimburse us
on demand for any costs incurred by us including, without limitation, the proportionate
compensation of our employees who devote time and render services in the de-identification of
the Store.

        7.3        Location and Operation of Commissary.

       Any commissary operated by you in connection with the Store may be located only at the
premises of the Store or other premises approved by us in writing and must be operated in
accordance with commissary standards prescribed by us from time to time. Such commissary must
be owned by you and operated by you and your employees exclusively for the benefit of the Store
or other Domino's Pizza Stores owned by you and may not be owned or operated by any other
person or entity without our prior written consent. You may not open or operate a commissary
unless you have received prior written notification from us that you have satisfied in advance all
of our requirements for the operation of a commissary, including all required training of
commissary personnel.

        7.4        Store Lease.

         Unless otherwise agreed to by us in writing, if the property on which the Store is located
is not owned by you, you must maintain a lease for the site of the Store (including the lease for
the site of the commissary, if any, to be operated by you in connection with the Store) which shall
contain such terms as we specify from time to time for all leases of a similar type. Each original
lease, renewal leases and lease addenda and modification of any type must be submitted to us prior
to execution for our examination and approval that it contains the terms we require in all leases.
You must provide us with a copy of the executed lease, any renewal lease, and any addenda and
modification or other instrument or agreement governing occupancy of the premises within thirty
(30) days after execution by you and the landlord.




                                                 12
NTA – 04/01/2025
