characteristics protected by law. At the time, DPL adopted, on a system-wide basis, limited
delivery service standards which applied to all company-owned and franchised Stores. DPL also
adopted procedures for implementing these standards which are applicable to all Domino's
company-owned Stores and provided to all franchisees as guidelines which franchisees may adopt
to comply with these standards. These standards and procedures relate, in part, to the
circumstances under which stores may limit delivery in certain areas for safety of store employees.
All of these standards and procedures are applicable to all new and existing Domino’s Pizza
franchisees and company-owned Stores. There may be other laws which apply to your business.
You should investigate these laws and their impact on your business.



                                      Item 2: Business Experience

Manager and Chief Executive Officer of DPF and DPL: Russell Weiner

             Mr. Weiner has served as Manager and Chief Executive Officer of DPF and DPL since
             May 2022. Mr. Weiner previously served as Chief Operating Officer and President,
             Domino’s U.S. of DPL from July 2020 to April 2022.

Manager of DPF: Linda Ciaramella

             Ms. Ciaramella has served as a Manager of DPF since April 2022. Ms. Ciaramella is a
             Director of Lord Securities Corporation, a TMF-Group company based in New York, New
             York having been with the company from October 2001 to present.

Manager of DPF: Albert J. Fioravanti

             Mr. Fioravanti has served as a Manager of DPF since May 2014. Mr. Fioravanti is
             Managing Director of Lord Securities Corporation, a TMF-Group company based in New
             York, New York having been with the company from December 1999 to present.

Chief Operating Officer and President of DPL: Joe Jordan

             Mr. Jordan has served as Chief Operating Officer and President of DPL since March 2025.
             Mr. Jordan served as President, U.S. & Global Services of DPL from May 2022 to March
             2025 and Executive Vice President – International in Amsterdam, The Netherlands from
             April 2018 to May 2022.


Executive Vice President, General Counsel & Corporate Secretary of DPF and DPL: Ryan
Mulally

             Mr. Mulally has served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel & Corporate
             Secretary of DPF and DPL since March 2025. He served as Vice President, Assistant
             General Counsel of DPL from October 2018 to March 2025.

April 2026                                          5
