                (ii)    You acknowledge that you have conducted an independent investigation of
         the business contemplated by this Agreement and recognize that it involves business risks
         making the success of the venture largely dependent upon your business abilities.

                (iii) We expressly disclaim the making of, and you acknowledge that you have
         not received or relied upon, any warranty or guarantee, express or implied, as to the
         potential volume, profits or success of the business venture contemplated by this
         Agreement.

        (b)     You acknowledge that you have conducted an independent investigation of the
Store's delivery and service area and are familiar with the boundaries and the nature and extent of
any areas that might present a danger to you or your employees. In addition, you acknowledge
and agree that this Agreement may not be modified, amended or changed except by a writing
signed by all parties. You also acknowledge that this Agreement has been executed by us in the
State of Michigan and that this Agreement is to be performed in part through services rendered in
the State of Michigan.

         22.11 Binding Effect.

       This Agreement is binding upon the parties and their heirs, approved assigns and
successors in interest.

         22.12 No Waiver or Disclaimer of Reliance in Certain States.

        The following provision applies only to franchisees and franchises that are subject to the
state franchise registration/disclosure laws in California, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland,
Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North Dakota, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Virginia,
Washington, or Wisconsin:

         No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by you in connection
         with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving
         any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or
         (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by DPF, any franchise seller, or any other
         person acting on behalf of DPF. This provision supersedes any other term of any document
         executed in connection with the franchise.

         22.13 Effective Date of this Agreement.

This Agreement shall become effective upon the date of its acceptance and execution by us.




                                                 47
SFA – 07/31/2024
