                        APPLICATION FOR FRANCHISE (RENEWAL)


       I, (insert franchisee’s name), as owner or controlling person of (insert franchisee’s entity
name) (“Franchisee” or “I”), who operates Store #(insert) located at (insert store address) (the
“Store”), certify as follows:

   1. I have the authority to renew the existing Standard Franchise Agreement (the “SFA”) on
behalf of all other owners for the Store listed above and understand that, to the extent necessary for
accurate, complete and full disclosure, I shall attach to this application (the “Application”) any
clarification or explanation of the items listed below, which shall be considered incorporated into this
Application.

   2. I have paid amounts due for all royalties, advertising contributions and other amounts due to
Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC or Domino’s Pizza Franchising LLC (as applicable) and all other
related or affiliated entities (collectively “Domino’s Pizza” or “Us”).

   3. I have paid all amounts due to all creditors including, without limitations, lenders, suppliers
and taxing authorities.

   4. I have a fully executed lease for the Store premises or own the Store premises and have
obtained all required licenses, permits and certificates necessary for the operation of the Store and
have operated the Store in full compliance with all applicable laws, ordinances and regulations.

   5. I have properly trained my employees and acknowledge that said employees are employed
and supervised by me. I have paid and otherwise treated my employees in accordance with, or as
required by, applicable law. Neither I nor any of the Store managers or supervisors have engaged in
any act or refrained from taking action that would make or deem any of such employees to be
employees of Domino’s Pizza.

   6.   I have obtained the minimum levels of insurance and coverage as required by the SFA.

   7. I confirm that the ownership structure of (insert franchisee’s entity name) is currently as
follows:

   x
   x

   8. I am not in material default of any provision of the SFA or any other agreement with
Domino’s Pizza and have substantially complied with the terms and conditions of said SFA and any
other agreement(s) with Domino’s including, without limitation:

          i.   At all times, I have maintained the absolute confidentiality of the Operating Manual,
               Customer Lists, and all other information concerning the Domino’s system, as
               required by the SFA, and have disclosed this information to the other employees of
               the Store only to the extent necessary for the operation of the Store in accordance
               with the SFA; and
