alleges that, throughout the putative class period, Defendants made materially false and/or
misleading statements and/or failed to disclose materially adverse facts concerning Domino’s
likelihood of meeting its previously issued long-term guidance for annual global net store growth.
Bender further alleges that, following the news of downwardly revised net store growth guidance
and the decline in the market value of Domino’s securities, the members of the purported class
suffered losses and damages. The complaint asserts the following causes of action: (i) violations
of Section 10(b) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) and Rule 10b-
5 promulgated under the Exchange Act, against all Defendants; and (ii) violations of Section 20(a)
of the Exchange Act, against Weiner and Reddy. On February 10, 2025, following competing
motions to be named as lead plaintiff, the Court issued an order naming the State of Rhode Island
Office of the General Treasurer as the lead plaintiff in this action, and naming Rhode Island’s
counsel as lead plaintiffs’ counsel. On April 11, 2025, plaintiffs filed an amended class action
complaint naming two additional defendants: former Domino’s Executive Vice President,
International Arthur D’Elia (“D’Elia”) and Domino’s Chief Operating Officer and President, U.S.
Joe Jordan (“Jordan”). Plaintiffs allege that D’Elia and Jordan also made false and/or misleading
statements about Domino’s global net store growth during the putative class period. The amended
class action complaint includes D’Elia and Jordan in its assertions of violations of Section 10(b),
Rule 10b5, and Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act. Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the
amended class action complaint on June 10, 2025. Plaintiffs opposed Defendants’ motion to
dismiss on August 11, 2025, and Defendants filed a reply to Plaintiffs’ opposition on September
25, 2025. Defendants intend to vigorously defend these claims.

       Patrick Ayers, Derivatively on behalf of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. v. Russell Weiner, David
A. Brandon, C. Andrew Ballard, Andrew B. Balson, Corie S. Barry, Diana F. Cantor,
Richard L. Federico, James A. Goldman, Patricia E. Lopez, and Sandeep Reddy, and
Domino’s Pizza, Inc. (Case No. 2:25-cv-10289-SJM-APP, United States District Court for the
Eastern District of Michigan) (“Ayers Derivative Lawsuit”), Daran Joshi, Derivatively on
behalf of Nominal Defendant Domino’s Pizza, Inc. v. C. Andrew Ballard, Andrew B. Balson,
Corie S. Barry, David A. Brandon, Diana F. Cantor, Richard L. Federico, James A.
Goldman, Patricia E. Lopez, Sandeep Reddy, and Russell Weiner, and Domino’s Pizza, Inc.
(Case No. 2:25-cv-10704-GAD-EAS, United States District Court for the Eastern District of
Michigan) (“Joshi Derivative Lawsuit”), Christopher Kassner, Derivatively on behalf of
Nominal Defendant Domino’s Pizza, Inc. v. C. Andrew Ballard, Andrew B. Balson, Corie S.
Barry, David A. Brandon, Diana F. Cantor, Richard L. Federico, James A. Goldman,
Patricia E. Lopez, Sandeep Reddy, and Russell Weiner, and Domino’s Pizza, Inc. (Case No.
25-000482-CB, 22nd Judicial Circuit, Washtenaw County, Michigan) (“Kassner Derivative
Lawsuit”), King Wah Philip Chu, Derivatively on behalf of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. v. Russell
J. Weiner, David A. Brandon, Sandeep Reddy, Joseph H. Jordan, C. Andrew Ballard,
Andrew B. Balson, Corie S. Barry, Richard L. Federico, James A. Goldman, Patricia E.
Lopez, Arthur P. D'Elia, and Diana F. Cantor, and Domino’s Pizza, Inc. (Case No. 25-
001352-CB, 22nd Judicial Circuit, Washtenaw County, Michigan) (“Chu Derivative
Lawsuit”), and Michael Walker, Derivatively on behalf of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. v. Russell
Weiner, Sandeep Reddy, Joseph H. Jordan, Arthur P. D’Elia, Andrew Ballard, Andrew
Balson, Corie Barry, David Brandon, Diana Cantor, Richard Federico, James Goldman, and
Patricia Lopez, and Domino’s Pizza, Inc. (Case No. 2:26-cv-10501, United States District
Court for the Eastern District of Michigan) (“Walker Derivative Lawsuit,” and together with

April 2026                                      10
