right to escrow such portion of the purchase price as we deem appropriate for a period of six (6)
months to cover liabilities of the Store. We shall notify you of claims asserted by creditors of the
Store against the escrow monies. You shall have forty eight (48) hours to settle any claim with
such creditor prior to our disbursement of funds from the escrow. If there is a good faith dispute
between you and a creditor of the Store, you shall have thirty (30) days to reach a settlement with
any such creditor as to the amount owed before we will disburse any escrow monies to such
creditor. If you are unable to resolve the discrepancy with the creditor within the thirty (30) day
period, we shall have the right to use the escrow monies to satisfy the claim of any such creditor.
At the end of such six (6) month period, any remaining purchase price shall be remitted to you
along with a statement prepared by DPF indicating the manner in which these funds were
expended.

         19.6      Real Property.

        (a) In the event you or your owners own the real property on which the Store or
commissary is located, and such property is not a multi-tenant unit, we will also have the exclusive
option to purchase this property. We shall exercise this option within the same period of time as
provided in section 19.1, as that time may be extended. The purchase price will be the fair market
value as determined by an independent appraiser selected by both of us. If we cannot agree on an
independent appraiser, we each shall select an independent appraiser who shall select a third
independent appraiser. The independent appraiser selected by our appraisers shall determine the
fair market value of the real property and his determination shall be final and binding on the parties,
provided, in the event the independent appraiser does not render its appraisal within ninety (90)
days of selection, the appraisal shall be made by the appraiser we have selected. The purchase
price will be payable in full at the closing minus customary prorations including the pay off of
existing mortgage liens.

         (b) If we do not elect to purchase the real property, or if the property is in a multi-tenant
unit, we or our designee will have the option to enter into a lease for a term of not less than five
(5) years with an option by the lessee to extend the term of the lease for an additional term of five
(5) years. The lease shall contain the terms and conditions contained in the form of lease then used
by us or our affiliates in connection with Domino's Pizza Stores owned and operated by us or our
affiliates. The rental under the lease for the initial five (5) year term shall be the fair rental value
of the property as determined by an independent appraiser selected in the manner described above.
The rental shall be modified during the second five (5) year option term by the percentage that the
National Consumer Price Index for Urban Wage Earnings and Clerical Workers as determined by
the United States Department of Labor for the region in which the Store is located (or a comparable
index if such Index is not then being issued) has increased or decreased from the commencement
date of the initial term until the last day of the initial term of the lease.

         19.7      Closing.

        The closing shall occur within thirty (30) days after we exercise our option to purchase the
assets and/or real property or such later date as may be necessary to comply with applicable bulk
sales or similar laws. At the closing, we both agree to execute and deliver all documents necessary
to vest title in the purchased assets and/or real property in us free and clear of all liens and
encumbrances, except those assumed by us and/or to effectuate the lease of the Store premises.

                                                  36
NTA – 04/01/2025
