beverage products purchased from participating Coca-Cola bottlers. The Coca-Cola Company has
also agreed to pay DPL certain fixed funding along with variable funds for national marketing,
media programs and promotions under the terms of the beverage marketing agreement. Coca-Cola
beverages has been designated as the company standard for beverages for sale at Domino’s Pizza
Stores. Although franchisees can only offer Coca-Cola beverages at their Domino’s Pizza Stores,
they can purchase these products from any supplier or retailer, including participating Coca-Cola
bottlers.

       DPL, DNAF and DP IP Holder entered into a co-promotion agreement with Dairy
Management Inc., a company dedicated to promoting the dairy industry and dairy products on
behalf of dairy farmers, for a term commencing on January 1, 2024 through December 31, 2025,
which entitles DNAF and DPL to receive payments to fund dairy-centric initiatives. This
agreement has been renewed for the 2026 calendar year.

       DPL, DNAF and DP IP Holder entered into a co-promotion agreement with The Mushroom
Council, a company dedicated to promoting the mushroom industry and growing demand for
mushrooms, for a term commencing on June 13, 2025 through June 12, 2026, which entitles DNAF
and DPL to receive payments to fund mushroom-centric initiatives. These funds were received in
2025 and there is no additional funding that will be received in 2026.

       DPL entered into a service agreement with Mercury Fulfillment Systems Inc. with a term
ending September 25, 2028 to source, inventory, manage and fulfill requests for marketing
merchandise. Mercury Fulfillment Systems Inc. has agreed to pay an annual percentage rebate to
DPL based on revenue collected from purchases of branded merchandise.

       DPL entered into a Master Framework Agreement with Portier (d/b/a Uber Eats) with a
term ending January 31, 2027 to allow DPL and its franchisees to receive customer orders placed
through the Uber Eats Platform. The Agreement allows DPL to receive payments for orders
coming through the Uber Eats platform.

       DPL entered int a Master Framework Agreement with Door Dash, Inc. with a term ending
June 30, 2029 to allow DPL and its franchisees to receive customer orders placed through the Door
Dash platform. The Agreement allows DPL to receive payments for orders coming through the
Door Dash platform.

        DNAF entered into a marketing agreement with Deutsch & Sons Ltd. d/b/a Deutsch Family
Wine & Spirits with an effective date of November 1, 2024 through March 31, 2025 for Domino’s
co-branded Yellow Tail wine. Deutsch Family agreed to a fixed fee with this partnership, in which
installments are to be made at three different points throughout the partnership. Partial funding
was received in 2024 with the remainder to be received no later than October 1, 2025. These funds
were received in 2025 and there is no additional funding that will be received in 2026.

        Under an agreement entered into with a designated third-party vendor in 2024, DPL is
entitled to receive rebates and/or other payments on account of franchisees’ purchases of
equipment and supplies from third-party vendors.


April 2026                                     28
