             any franchise seller, or any other person acting on our behalf. This provision
             supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the
             franchise.

CALIFORNIA:

DISCLOSURES REGARDING THE CALIFORNIA FAST FOOD ACT (CALIFORNIA
ASSEMBLY BILL 1228)

1. The following language is added to the end of Item 1:

             To the extent it is applicable, you must comply with California Assembly Bill 1228,
             codified at Cal. Lab. Code §§ 1474-1475 (the “Fast Food Act”). The Fast Food Act
             establishes: (a) a minimum wage of $20 per hour for certain fast food restaurant
             employees effective April 1, 2024; and (b) a Fast Food Council (the “Council”),
             which is authorized to adopt fast food restaurant standards for wages, working
             hours and other working conditions, including health and safety standards and
             training. The Council has the authority, subject to state agency review, to annually
             raise the minimum wage by up to 3.5% from January 1, 2025 through December
             31, 2028, depending on the increases in the cost of living from year to year.

2. The following language is added to the end of Items 5, 6, and 11:

             We currently do not provide any training or assistance related to, or charge any
             initial or ongoing fees related to, the development or implementation of any
             standards, policies, or procedures that may be required under the Fast Food Act. It
             is solely your responsibility to determine whether the Fast Food Act applies to your
             Store and, to the extent it does apply, to comply with the Fast Food Act when
             developing and constructing your restaurant, operating your Store, and training and
             supervising your employees.

3. The following language is added to the end of Item 7:

             Since the Council has not, as of the date of this Disclosure Document, issued any
             standards under the Fast Food Act dealing with working conditions, we are unable
             to estimate the effects any such standards might have on the estimated initial
             investment.

4. The last sentence of Note (8) to the Item 7 charts, which corresponds to the “Additional Funds
   – 3 Months” line item, is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

             Your costs will depend on the following factors: how much you follow your
             methods and procedures; your management skill, experience and business acumen;
             local economic conditions; the local market for your products and services; the
             prevailing wage rate (which will likely increase under the Fast Food Act);
             competition; and the sales level reached during the initial period.

April 2026                                            81
