Franchisee agrees to provide sufficient notices to its employees utilizing the Platform, including the Driver App, in its Stores
and to obtain and retain all acknowledgements and consents from its employees as may be necessary including, at minimum,
authorization for the use of GPS location-tracking capabilities and the collection and monitoring of GPS location and other
information associated with the Driver App by customers, Franchisee, Domino's, and each of their affiliates, vendors,
personnel, and all other entities involved in any way with utilization of the Platform and/or the location-tracking of deliveries.
7. General

7.1 This Agreement constitutes a complete integration and the entire agreement between the parties relating to the Platform.
This Agreement supersedes all prior representations, discussions, and communications, whether oral or written, between the
parties relating to the Platform, and there are no understandings or agreements relating to the Platform other than those
expressed in this Agreement. This Agreement may be modified only in a writing signed by an authorized representative of
each party.
7.2 Neither party shall be liable for delays in any of its performance hereunder due to causes beyond its reasonable control
including, but not limited to, acts of God, strikes, or inability to maintain labor or materials on time.
7.3 If any provision of this Agreement shall be deemed illegal or otherwise unenforceable, that portion shall be severed and
the remainder of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. A waiver shall be effective only if made in writing and
signed by an authorized representative of both parties. The waiver of any right or election of any remedy in one instance shall
not affect any rights or remedies in another instance.
7.4 All required notices under this Agreement shall be sent to the recipient party's address. All notices shall be given by
certified or registered mail, or overnight carrier. Such notices shall be deemed given on the date of receipt (or refusal) of
delivery of said notice.
           If to Domino's:            Domino's Pizza LLC
                                      30 Frank Lloyd Wright Drive
                                      Ann Arbor, MI 48106
           If to Franchisee, to the most current business address provided by Franchisee to Domino's in writing.
7.5 This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Michigan.
7.6 Neither party to this Agreement is, or shall represent itself to be, an agent, partner, or employee of the other. Nothing in
this Agreement shall be interpreted or construed as creating or establishing a joint venture, agency, or partnership, or any
relationship other than independent parties to a contract. Each party retains control of the day-to-day activities of its respective
business. As an independent business owner, Franchisee remains solely responsible for the persons who work in its Stores
and those persons are Franchisee's employees, and not employees of Domino's. Franchisee is solely responsible for any
training to be provided to its employees regarding the Platform.
7.7 Franchisee acknowledges that during the term of this Agreement, it may obtain access to confidential and proprietary
information, trade secrets, and financial information (the "Confidential Information") relating to the Platform. Franchisee
acknowledges that Domino's would be irreparably damaged by the disclosure of the Confidential Information to others.
Therefore, Franchisee agrees to keep secret and confidential and not to disclose the Confidential Information of Domino's
relating to the Platform without the prior written consent of Domino's. The agreement not to disclose the Confidential
Information shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed.



Domino's Pizza LLC                                                Controlling Owner (individually and for all
                                                                  business entities owned by the Controlling
                                                                  Owner):

By:                                                               By:

Its:                                                              Fcode:

Date:                                                             Date:




OLO – January 1, 2018
