vice-versa. If any part of this Agreement for any reason shall be declared invalid, such decision
shall not affect the validity of any remaining portion, which shall remain in full force and effect.
If any applicable law or rule requires a greater prior notice of the termination of or election not to
renew this Agreement, or the taking of some other action than is required under this Agreement,
the prior notice or other requirements required by this law or rule shall be substituted for the
requirements of this Agreement. If any covenant in this Agreement which restricts competitive
activity is deemed unenforceable by virtue of its scope in terms of area, business activity,
prohibited and/or length of time, but would be enforceable by reducing any part or all thereof, the
parties agree that same shall be enforced to the fullest extent permissible under the laws and public
policies applied in the jurisdiction in which enforcement is sought. For purposes of this
Agreement, the term "affiliate or affiliates" shall mean any entity or entities controlled by,
controlling, or under common control or common ownership with Franchisee (or any of its
Owners) or DPF, as the case may be.

       The rights and remedies of each party under this Agreement are cumulative, and no
exercise or enforcement by a party of any right or remedy hereunder will preclude the exercise or
enforcement of any other right or remedy hereunder.

         22.5      Scope and Modification of Agreement.

        This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all
prior and contemporaneous, oral or written, agreements or understandings of the parties regarding
the subject matter of this Agreement, provided that nothing in this Agreement or in any related
agreement is intended to disclaim the representations we made in any franchise disclosure
document we delivered to you in connection with this Agreement. Further, nothing in this
Agreement or in any related agreement is intended to prevent or restrict you from contacting or
communicating with any federal, state or local authorities or agencies about our compliance with
any applicable laws, including franchise laws, or the relationship of the parties under this
Agreement or any related agreement. No modification, waiver, termination, rescission, discharge
or cancellation of this Agreement shall affect the right of any party to enforce any claim or right
under this Agreement, whether or not liquidated, which occurred prior to the date of such
modification, waiver, termination, rescission, discharge or cancellation.

         22.6      Governing Law.

       The terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with and
governed by the laws of the State in which the Store is located.

         22.7      Notices.

        All written notices permitted or required to be delivered by the provisions of this
Agreement or of the Operating Manual shall be deemed so delivered when delivered to you or the
Store by: (i) hand delivery; (ii) three (3) days after having been placed in the United States Mail
by Registered or Certified Mail; (iii) one (1) day after being placed in the hands of a commercial
courier service for next day delivery; or (iv) one (1) day after transmission by facsimile or other
electronic system (including via e-mail and including e-mails which you are the only addressee or
one of multiple addressees). Notices delivered pursuant to this section including, without


                                                 45
SFA – 07/31/2024
